My tow is a mdium size city with eighty thousand inhatants .
It has a hig density population becuse its small errtory .
epite of it is an indusrial it , ther e many sops and department stores .
I recommend visitin e artiical ake in te certer of th city whih is surrounded by a park .
Pasteis are very ommon nd ms of th fer he speial desert om the city .
Thee are a omecial zne along he iest stret of the ciy wre you c fi all kind of establishments : bans , brs , chemsts , cinemas , pet ops , resturants , fat food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and oers .
Mo of te shops ave ale ad offers at least hree months of the ya : January , June and Augt .
h quality of the products n servis are quite good , because there are a hug competition , however I suest you tain ca aout so fakes or chat .
Everyone has is own pns .
Peole want to be a doctor , her want to be a teacher .
I have my on plan too but I do n't sam to them , I an to become a Journalist .
Wrking as a Junalist is very excting becau many reasons .
First , I will have an oportnity to liv abrd .
eond , I can travel a around he orl , meet diffent people who re ery fiendly .
Next , I ll have a chance apper in ig parties or vens and I can make rieds wi famous person - It 's interstng !
Fially , I will have high salary when I am ournalis .
To be Journalst , I mus study ery had so I 'll ty to ler in ordr to make my dream come ue .
In te futr , I 'll become a journalist .
Now days each family has more then 1 ca or each one , thi is onl on of few reason th people use less pubic transport .
Before a really convnent to go by bus or by trin ut with e nw economy te ravl tickets ae more expensive and a i ifference fro the past is tat it is less expensiv to go far ten ne .
I remembe from my own Palermo in Iay to go to Mil was about 340 pounds , now if we are uky we can arrive to New York .
In gland where I iv , in Befor , we us a lo the rain to go in the st important tw of UK , but h tra a ey expensive , me and my family sy caful if we go off pick because the pric are to high .
I 'm re in te future the wil be car able to fl or you can park th in your pocket .
Futhermoe , e biggst grou of positive feling studns in he present is live it various nationlities .
T possible reason is these international students an not spa Eglish flowing .
he sully lack of language nd a not open a dbte .
It is restrict to aue .
In the other se , they might be waned to sfeguard national image .
In order to ge a good image d ow the national parenting , our respondents nd to have a reat pardon to the nationalities .
MORE TA I FT !
Do yu know mountain bking ?
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
Yu 're wrong .
Follow readng to kw hy!.
I 'm ken on moutain biing since thre years ao .
Firstly , I ted with a rntal be in e area of Aznalcazar .
The main raon why I wanted to prove as to los wegt ( I wa a b overweig ) .
However , it as wderful h I culd adre the ladsape whil I w doing sort .
Consequently , I reazed th although ciclyng outide hlpe me to improve my fines , really I enjyed e best breathin pure air n taking pleasure h countryside .
If smeone ants to take up this sprt , first of ll , I would recommended him or hr to pusue a god mountain bike .
It 's important to avoi accidents , ecome cmfortable n hae a od journey .
Secondly , he or she would y a good helmet and , of course , appropriate cloting .
I lve this por . I ok forward to the weakend , to go ou with my bk and my gro of friends .
Al of us snd a god time .
And I would like to encourage everybody to rov .
Nobody wo n't regret it .
Lucy yes
Luc yes was he la thriler I 've see .
I do n't recommend it to children owe than thirteen years old ,
because it 's difficul to undersand ; fr exmple , he characers are ,
ucy , oly , and thir parents , a cowboy , an a tacher .
h movie is bout Lucy 's family ta move into a famhoue , mysterious ad
scary .
Ao relecs a compaison of Lcy 's aily , ad characters
fom a toy their o read often .
The try actually takes place in a camp , and famhuse , mysteriously
used in other tes .
It 's interestin becau cy 's mom dsovered a al in their far , tha
h a weird paitin of two sisters ust lik her 's , the same ne aso of the
try se read .
I recommend this movie oly to teenagers older than thireen years old ..
The best plc for yng pople in ur are is wthou dou h lake .
Hr they can do ma kinds of sport : swimming , saili , surfin , kiting , rowing and my other .
At lest they an eet the olk a reax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the umme around the ae are so many oncerts so yo have h difficulty finding h righ o .
Lukily the scouls re cled per n weeks so t young girls n boys have much te to spend te
lesure tim together .
Dear husband ,
I hope you 're fie .
I remembr all of you nd mi my family .
Leaving my count , Soamlia , wa ery hard f me .
I miss my bi ose t I do n't miss the gus .
I hope to return to my counry and e yu again .
In the following eades revlution and civil mote many of the Poer of Europ , and new nations were orn .
Britain alone escaped almost unsathd fo these years of unrest .
There was an unparalleled expansio of th English - Seakin Pples both by birth nd emigrtion .
I really lke to tvel , but I ik the ost when I travel wit friend .
I a ve goo expeence .
I love to travel wh my family .
is different to tavel ith friends that ravel with faml .
I do not trve oo uh wh my friends .
I ju hve had traeld to times .
Those wo tme has been with the orchestra that I pla .
Once we wt to Zacatas .
We et there because the universty orchestra from UAZ ivited us to go there a play with them .
In that te I did not know nbod , just one .
H name is irixi .
She was my friend , because we are fro th same town .
But when I was ter I beg to make new fried ht I never thogth I w going to have , and I nvr thongth e way tha I was going to know them ethe . at he begining I felt ery range talig wth them , but n we are er good rinds .
We stayd in Zcatecas like a eek we rally ha a good ti .
The scond trip that I made was to Guerrero .
We nt to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuvesties from Mexio go d preent li cultur actiities .
Thre was o hot .
In Acaulc I had a goo time becas I stay in he same om that my frind and we swm a t d we relly ad f .
Then we went to Taxco .
Thee we visit the cenrl ar and we ta in a ver luxury hotel .
We were ery hppy thee we rally ke Taxo .
Actully I wa already ben ther before but not with my fiends .
Then we went to Ccauamilpa to play thr tht was an incedible expeience that I will never forget .
tn we rturn to Toluca to continue with my bori lfe .
And now I ave to pass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colomba next yr .
I like biathlon .
Relly , I thik it 's a very beautiful , interestig an breathtaking kn of sport .
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a vy differe , sme of that are long , some are hot .
ut , short distance doe n't an it 's will be easy or something like ha .
Soetimes weather conditions ar not comfortabe fo gs , o xmple : wind , light rg or freee , al of that are ve difficult conditions .
So , it 's no so easy like it seems .
That 's wh I like it .
This sport are o ea n .
And ao most of them are very attrctie , big avantage or gir , whose like nie icturs .
Tee is no fute for public transprt , because travelling by ar is so mch me convnien .
hat is wat everyone sa when we ask if ey prefr pubic ransport or car .
Using publc transpr can be o es , eause we he a strict me n normally we do not have a place to sit a that ca be exremely desconortble .
Soetimes th employrs do strike and we clients do t known in te as a result we can t g on tie to work , ta is one of the disadvantages of using public ransort .
ne argmnt r t uing the car is that the petrol prc is very expensive , t he public transport tices ae alo ncreasing , so that dvantange re not so good actually .
Fr me car is th best a ou ?
Wel however your choice is , it is necesry to be perfect for your dil li !
However you u Have a nc rip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cnma 's enthsiast , and ey are in the correct ay . I preer to spend my fre time watching a god film especial when it is a thriller than doing sprt ,
If u want to e a ood thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I ave en it recently d in my opinion , it hould be ee by everyone becau I beive people would le it fo many rasos .
Frt of l , he director , ho a Alejandro Amenábar , did a great jb due to that , the spectators wer waitin ih bated breath as th final of ti fm wil be .
Secodly , t acors were fatastic and the mn hracter , ich was performed by Ema Wtson ( o is rally hilarious ) , as amazing .
What 's more , the pot is easy in orer to undrtand .
e history tok place in h USA a few year ago when t regrsion metod a accpted by the doctors ad cientifics .
reover , utoms , ke - up and special effects beame ever re in reality th sory .
However , the soundtrack was awful , it i n't ge hving a scard .
In conclusion , my recommenation f the sudent film club is this fabulous and citing thiller mut be sn if u had spent a good tme given han it acheves keeping in suspens uil he end nd it does n't be arai .
In addiion , you wo n't have bette opportniy to see it than tis week , because ust momen in Spain the festival 's cinema is hppenng .
Yu should ake advanae of tat !
In my opinion , ubic ranport in my country will never improve because my coutry is so po and eside it is consdered one of third world countries ad anoher think ust be taken into consideration is they th politicians ae hrrile th hv destroyed my country
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of t environment ?
e first thing that we think is te pollution , the a smoke , factoy smoe , etc ... but , ve we thoght in e oo or clths ?
perhaps wh we are buying in h suermarket or othe hos we are ong something ad , because we ask to asistant a bag o iilar to carry at hme this od or other thigs .
We can tae a bag frm our hou , because if we do this very ime that we e going to y in ech sho , we do n't spend mor pie of plastic or paper .
But we do n't ave forgoen the cotamination by cs , We cn ue more the bicle or public trnsporetion .
Aso in e srt ay , we should go walking to he destinatio.ice
If we are woring with sameone in the same ob , and o lives near or he is ur neghbour , we n go to the ork in th me ca , thi way we use es ol .
The govenents ae also important for taking care of he envionmen .
he shold he helth habits and wih their exmples th cn improve the habit of the populaton .
I ov sports bt I i t get much opportunities to la a sport . I born in a villge in Indi , my paents e farmers le most of otr village .
e only play ground in our vlage as the schl ground which s full of small rock n n good to play n sports .
When I was a child I help my ather on his ob after my school .
We bought television in 1888 , after tat I became a fa of crict .
I wa watching mot of e matches .
Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketer , I love thei batting .
A MISTAKE
It ws summer holdays nd Michael 's family w in the airpr iting impatiently heir flght to Mxic .
Tat as a speial family it a so g ; his ather ha 6 brothers ! , so he as 17 ousins counting s little iter .
In total thy re 32 pelople , a white ttie an a do .
About 10 minutes later they started to gt bored , ty hed a gil allng they to ent h plane .
he flight to Mexico was incredible , an er uny .
Michael sd to hav a get time th his couis , except wih Tom .
Tha was because o liked to give ordes to everyone , a Michel did n't like that .
When the b famiy g out of the lne , they realize that they ee wearing too much cthes , it wa boili ! !
There they took a taxi to the htel , nd at 4 pm .
h famly w walkg around the luxuriou hotel .
Sme minutes lat tey designate how th cousins wre goig to hre t rooms .
Michael inally ended wih the ast on he wold lie to ; Tom .
Tha nght , the do , he kittie , T and Michel slt in te same room , an that was n't o bad .
We Michae gt up in the monin , he realize th hi kitie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's o with ome white hair in i ouh .
He thogt hat e dog had eaten h kiti duin e night , so he shouted to To , open the door d went aay .
Mcael close t dor and kne at hat oment he had ade a mistake
One of h best restaurants I 've vr bn to is Spizharka .
It is situated in the very cene of r cty and ffes a wi variety of dishes nd rnks .
The servic is relly reat .
Th waitresses are helpful and smiling .
You fe le you ar at home !
Wrm cade igh nd small able with pattrned ale clothes create friendly atmosphere .
T dishes e n't very expensive .
i beliee it is suitable for u class
So , my favourite por in the peset time it is street worout . I hav been exercising this spot already log ie .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season wen th temperaure outside blow eo .
Of urse , in mmer I like to exercis mo thn in witer but this do n't stop me .
I do n't know mslf y , bu I almost every d go on e stre in oer to exerise .
If It is vey oldl and windily outside , I do n't wory aot it an I 'm exsecising at hoe .
For those peple , who wa to start to exerise the street workout I 'm advising to strt with basic exerscises sch as pul s , uh s , ds ad squats .
That everything basc exerses an tey will hel yo will do a good start up .
Afr some time he you will be feeling that y are ready or me , o an art to study more dffcult exercises .
So , it 's my first attept to create English ext !
I ar a what I was quite sl - confident a few mont ag .
B now not .
Wa 's th reaon ?
Becaue of mind .
I s n't saisfid with ou behavior .
Someimes , a lo of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to rie it ow correcty ?
Hw can I u to ue it ?
Ho a I force my kids to do his homwork ?
w can I eplain hem ?
Michae is a hadsome and knd person .
He lives ex to his family 's hme .
Michael go married hi lose friend since only on moh .
ut i mther hae h wi an alwa shou at hr .
Ulike s wf respt n ov s mother nd nevr complain to her husad ths bad situaios .
Mihael 's nl faut tha he is a mamma 's oy .
For he always deed hi ther nd always h ie is the resposible ne .
H ife decided , becus h les him , to forgive and apologize or her mother - in - aw .
One ay when Michael w ot o work , hs moer insulted and hit hi wife .
oeover sh fire er ihout e mble or money .
i wife as sa an he crd a l and she soo on street waitng for Mchael .
nce he came , his ther asked m to up qikly acting that h s tired .
He sw his if but id no words to h an coninued hi way .
His wife walked behin him unil they rac home u s mothe caimed tha his we told er cruel words nd acted that she wa cring .
Michael believed his mother altough he obsered marks of hiting on his wife 's sape .
He fired his wife after inlting r .
She ws shocked d apologie about a misake she di no commit .
But is mother refusd er apology and ordered m to lose the door .
Michael closed te doo and knew at tha moment he had made a mistk .
The igh bb .
he liht bulb was creted on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
his was o of h everyday invents tat affects our lives .
Edison aid to created the rst comercially practical incandesce ligh .
He as neithe te first nor the ol pson tryig to invent an incandescent liht bulb .
oe histrian cam there ere 20 over inventos of incandescen lamps prio to Edison 's erion but Edison is often credited with the invention because hi verion a ale to outtrip t earlir versions because of a combination of hre fatos : " an effective ncandesent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that mde powr distributio fro a centrlied source economicaly viable . "
( tan from ww.bulbs.com )
dison egn a serious reearch bout the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , nd his oriinal deig wee in 1879 .
Eison and is rsearc tea di his discovey comecialy nd create a comany called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
I thnk what his is the ost usefl invention bcaue withut this we ca n't ive like we iv atully .
Pete ooked at h atch ad kew ha he ad to do somehin immediate .
o friend of Peter sudenly fainted ll own in h class oo I do n't now what to do immediately , fst calm down yourself and I checkd hs puls ea it is ka , then I knw that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to e so u stil he is n moving so we decide to tke im into the hospital or call h ambulace , fialy we cal h ambulance without ant delay .
Eerone eagerly waiting for e ambulance arial but stil not e reached te reason is ou college ocaton is little fa from te city that 's why it is ettig lat .
We were waitig patenly , fnall te ambulance arrived and take im into the hospital imediatel .
Lately I have ee a ery interesting announcement in Internationa Sots Monthly magazin .
I was interested if I could rte such an article ad win a prie .
And I decided to try .
owadays healthy way of lie is very popular wth mst people all ov te orld .
An as for me I 've been going in for sport for everal ers .
Wha is my favourite kid of spr ?
It 's orinary bodybuiding .
Wy did I choose it ?
I wan to be fit a ha a good health .
I lost sveral kilos d I culd ea my favourit clohes .
It became posble for me to run easily .
I 'd like to gie adic to everybod not to si at home an wth TV .
Go to sports gys , be active and u will el in another a .
You wi forgt about doctor a expnsive mdcine .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't ave raning for a long time ou bd will eel something nusual .
Your muscle wil be song and o 'll be able to fulfl any difficult jb .
People wil oo at your figure eniosly .
Describe yu bedroom .
My bedroom is qute big .
The wall of my bedroom ar hite and the flo is dk grey .
In my bedoom ther is a brown bed , a yelow drowers , a little light brown beide tale d a big brwn wrdroe .
On th wall ter e sme pictes of my famiy , but I do n't nave a posters .
I am ivig at São Carl , in h countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .
In my city the environment 's protecio is so difficult .
First of al , we hae an extinction rea of cerrdo closr to Federal University of São Caros , t sometimes , e area will be used to construct a ew buildin of University .
We ave done seeral mvements , but sometimes is ot worked .
Seondly , the Hall does n't matter ih th nvironmen ; fo exaple , t Hall stopped wth garbage 's selection collection when te new mjo assumded h hal .
It demonstrate the effot was do in te lst 10 years it was over beuse h new plitical psiton of the major .
It is so stupid becas the environment need to be over then political psition .
Third , we have nt founde a green political to elimate rubbish .
Instead to use a selctive collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary ladill ; we hae se h dumpfill tt is preudice the sil .
At la , the population , in majority of the times , doe n't tter to thrw ay the grage on h street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the ncern of the environment 's protection do n woing h it is necesary to prottion of soil , environment d healty .
Environment is t soroundig.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were bs in ther w work.everyne were not focus or e what apenin in ur place.the s to speak abt how ht today is?but they do nt no ha akes th much o.iam intees in planting ee and makes sorunding clean.some peple used to burn foest as if thoe ores is usels.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from e fores are free .
Thy damcare about eniroment because that oes n't gve anything to them .
Managemant acountant practic is ey mportat for organization to making decision about uman resources , sal , marketing and poetial customers .
Most of t organizatins known how is ffect mangeman acountant practice on tm work , therefore ty a chosng good programme n empoye .
I have een in the UA last year , first in orde to lok o a jb as a phrmacist b also , having a lot of ime to explore a ew world .
I snt abot two years hre , t I wanted to om ck to Italy ecause I missed my home .
At first , I d called a tral agent but he said he could n't be ae to book me a fght efoe w nths , so I called my rother wh heavly reget me r not having told i abo the trip and he promisd me he oud ae oked a flight sooner tha hat good r nothing agent .
I beieved in i , but I did n't know w I was wrong .
He had booked me the fight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enoug on im .
The wors thing a to find it t at the airport .
I a neer felt so nevous !
Environme is alays a hurti problem in the wold .
Thre r company so much , they make our ie polluted .
To ae cre of e evronment , each of us as to do nything such as propaanda to the people in the country, ... out my vilage , we use banana leaf tead of nlo , garbage desposal ensibly ... and so on .
we shou clea u area to attrct visior n introdue to ay other untries in e world.let protect our un
Hi tody i 'm gon na tal about myself .
My ame is bra saed Al - mubaak .
I'm 13 years old .
I lie in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in rde nie .
I have 9 sster wth me we 10 .An 9 brothers .
I really love to larn Engls lounge & French lunge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
My dear Dniel .
Are you studig mathematics for your eam ?
I hpe you as it with a good grade !
I js inih my lunch me , d before pepre everything to go to work I s thinking of ou a I wted to gve u a small uprise wit this fantastic phots , I hope you like it .
Wth all my love
Vitora .
Da Sir or Mda
I wou le to aply f t job at you hae advertised .
I 'm a happy , energtc pero ho likes to work with children .
I love youg children .
I have worked in many itchns efor , ad I ave gine a l of experience there .
Bye
aisa
is summer happened to me svral hings , I et to the beach , I wet to the poo , or simply wn for a wlk wit friends , but the bet was when I wen to a wedding becase it was th event at mre memories bring me thi sumer .
We gt here at five o'clock , we had not yet reahed mn eople , so tae te opportunity to gve the gift tha was a wshig machine the finished clothing to reach t store , and apparently they were in ned of a new , as he bride oved .
Spent half an or afer we arrve , sarted cmng eeryody , there we many greetings , thnks , hugs , kisses , nd en we al wet to the table , whi ws mgnificentl structued , plenty of food of all kins , drinks , but we were all wating r he main course , alo t fo was magnificent , bt th bes part was hen th ouple we to e pol , we were luk we had an mazing weding planner who arraned t magnificen and n activiies , he sad to th bride and grom ener each an inflatable all and try walking on e wter as long as withstand , and the bie won because te room slipped and fell ter them , t of the ball , fl into e waer , d kisse .
At four in the mrning , after opein th present , everyoe tated to leave , it a a ln y but a l of fn , u it cold have lasted a bit logr .
I usuay ak up at six o'lock in the mornig , then I 'll take a quick shower .
After school , I 'd like to eat rsh fru .
I am keen to run during the night tme .
IN my country peole do alo of miste nd have alot of of bad habits concerning thei atitude towars he ubbish , they are always throwng teir l thins n ubbish in public pla , the ovrnement ao an not do ther rol towrds their people and their bad bhaviur
Onc upon a tm , there was a monster on the ciy called " Michenstain " .
Michenstain wa a er tiny ity that w one bad thig o them ; the other bad thig as that in the cty , there as a montr clled " Monseation " .
Monsteration as a very lively monster he alys migrates to the noth evry Moday .
In te day , he was a mild monster , he ws very visible ( bcaue he a g ) ; b in the igt , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cties ; he smash l the architeture fro the cty , and a l of d thins .
Oe y , Monstraion 's next destiatin was the city of Michenstain .
A the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't are about it .
ut hen he arried to Michenstain , al th people went : " AHMMMMMMMMM " .
It s in the midnight when arrived , so he s eager to destr everythng .
So all te eopl started to ru d scre , and the mnster as ursuing all of them .
He was spoiling ll te rops fom the pople , he was desroying all he vehicles , n he destroyed a vat ar .
e nex dy , he was a very attractive onter , in other wors , he was cnert in other monster dy .
He a completey different ; it was imressive the a he was atin .
Te tig th he ( t mnter ) id n't know abot was that he had a speccular infection ( literally spectacular ) at I thing hat it have no ce , it was calle " The Monseration Infectations " .
( On those tmes there were diverse monser , bt none of them as like hm ; he was in th numbe 1 rn of the onster in destroyg things . )
The scientists are trying to mke a cure or the Monsteration Infectations , but they ill do n't ve it .
In their laboratory , they av a lot of chemicals tt re prohibited in thei ountry , u they used them .
Tey had to isolate th chemicals to the formula to hve th ure .
Some scientists did n't car about the infecti ; te were paing ltimate team in their iPd .
The scientists that er dong the fomula a a lot of tension , ut finally , tey d it an th ai : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd ie to tal to u abut my experines le Enlis stdent for may years .
I 'm 56 year old a I 'm a cemit .
I av eed to e Englsh a lot of time during my professionals actvities fo tt reasn I ve tke se English courses many yrs o .
I c te you tha I el I can understand over 90% when I 'm lstening ad when I 'm Reading , but my main problem wt English is of corse when I ust spek : I fl my self horrible wihout confidence , I tin tht always I 'm thikig in Epanish and after makind the translatio to Eglish , may be in ts mmnt hen I 'm riting hs composition I 'm aking the same rng . I kno that learning nglish is a large pocss but I must follow that pocess becau I 'd ike to be an excellent bilingual Person .
Currenly I 'm orking like teacer at th university and to tech in Engis hae been my o .
I 'm a acher in cheistry and mth t .
I work to li free lnce worer wih the am sbjects bcause it is ecessary to increase my inon .
I 'm writing no withu knowing dictionar and maing thi cmpoition without tradcion from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I 'm se I 'll have many mitaes u I fl goo because I must write ad write ad write I need to improve my English level . I mu nt fell b if I want final ern Englih ve ll .
I hope u a help me undesrtand more abut hw improve my English level and develop my skiils
Thank fr u attenion , d I 'll wait r your advic , ( hat is my ist tm writi oer 50 Word )
Milton Morales
I lk workout on ush up rs .
it is impossble not to lo doing sorts actvty on the res r .
If o ant to start working t yu should be ready o bi lo on your muscles
On Thursday , September 11 , th ter exas fnished and or ek of vacati sarted .
In t afernoon I wet to my ane class .
it was u because we ear a w h p dance an we finished our tp dance .
On Friday I went to the mall with my amily .
I bogt o sweater nd two jeans .
Later I nt to te book str and bught three books ; " leend " , " wonder " , and " leaor & Park " .
On the wekend I sty at home . I start readn " Eleanor & Pr " ; it w amaing , I was lughig a lot because te things that the characters id .
he other higs I do wr seepig , ate , and wat TV .
e ne ay I went with my friends to se a mve .
We a " if I ay " d I loed it .
The movie is abou a teenager amed Mia that had a ca accident with hr family .
e fath nd hr mther died bfre they arrive to the hospital .
Mia survive b se is in a com d s have to ecide if she wan to live without her mother nd father or if he ats to die .
Later in he week I pas t da drawing .
I draw a meado , a little girl , an a butterfly .
e next days I dd n't do much .
I js sleep d wah movies at home .
The day befo I start chol , I do an ivetigation for literare class .
This was wht I dd in my vcations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm frm Mramoa .
Serbia is my counry where I live for 24 yrs .
If you lie and is to come here my et advice is to stay at home .
Maybe u can bring som money d spnd it on someting fun .
Bs wishes .
Mrko .
As r th toa topic " No Fture or public tranort " , I wld ke to ad cments on that please be patient my English is t too good as you reaers thi .
So , et tat ,
os of the Metro cities are w days atract people of cty toards Metro oy nt js eause of the fare t because of h tme tht it sves .
Now these as public would not like to tael in he ublc Transpor to sae tir tm as well as ney .
etro is goo f evn heal of the peope as no polutin and al because it uns on electricity and also it connect mos of he cit as Delhi has a ide ae spn of Meto that is really awesome .
Other tan that pubi transport is al no go for Naurl resources which is not good for the uture of the coutry .
If you visit Tain , you will ever mis the temples here .
There are so any tmples here .
So , no there is a chance f you to retend h god .
i - Tian Folk Arts rop is a grp of pople who are good at ou trditional performance , which is " imitate e faces a pose as ods " .
In here , tey will tch yo how to draw the face of o , dance lke god , and beat he dum .
Curious ?
ut come a give it a t !
I thk p expensive tax on ersonl r can redu the use of cars or other vehicle in order solve h traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for exaple , many people do n't buy ar with expensv t , so pole ms use h public transporation , suc as bs , subway .
Te public trasportation wl rich , so tey can bld more station for suurba and mre pubic car to carry ts .
Therefore trafic will be batter .
Dear sir / ada
I am applying fo te position in the UA Summe Camps to work ti yar .
I am 29 years l , originally fro razil .
I am an English studen hre I have ben tudyin for fi ears , and recently , I passe on e FE whch is a well recognied certificate .
In 200 I graduatd in electronics engineerin .
Frm June to September of he 2013 I worked for a orism compny , my pition had involved ake aft of groups of eole gog to England , hs prevus xperince makes me suitable f this job anouced .
In addition to ti , personaly I am really heful , exciti , cheerfu d engaed .
I do ractie sports such as fotall , baseball and chess , th tse ills I oul hlp chiden have fun wle teaching them the l goods benefits in practising sports .
By applyng for the jb offered I am willing to wok in al differen sorts of job , I do not matter which , as ong as I ve t opporuity of ben in h USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up I feel rather confidnt to sume this poition and thank you for considering my application .
My faithfully
Alessandro ota .
I tin ulic transport is very imprtnt .
thee is no way to ravel fr Egypt to t UA ing a cr .
a plane ay take abot 16 hours .
a car may take das or oths o the me distance .
I really overwhelm to be thrd member of my sma famly- ter , Maria , both of which are my parns in 45 year of t same age and my little rothe , Ptrick-14 ear old in a mischievous manner .
Thir entle no wh lovely and adoble min take a ference to their obbies - redig .
Nowaays a person 's wrth seems to be judge ccordig to the social staus n material possessions , that is mostly to happen in gh class miies , as they are foccus on achievements as wer , politica influences etc . on the other hand for a middle clas families the old - fahioned vale are stil important as it is h inheritance frm our ancestors in terms of vaues as hoesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Metro is t mot comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
Metro is ly n tht I use in the ciy .
Usng a grund transportation is o comfortabl because of taffic .
Just a fw years a we strted to use a pecial rad lie .
But t problem is Russian drier r ot getig used to kep his li fee .
Moscow trafc is afu .
Everyone is in a hurr .
The is no diferece if yu s car or s .
F xampl America public trasprt as a pecil lin and a schedule an it works like a train , I men coe in exc im like a train .
Tha 's my dra"when I joined the faculty of languages n translation I ws ry happy becaus I chived my dream .
In this faculty I faced some prolem it my eglish , I began to ask " o ca I improe my english ? "
a of h answ ws " o hv to listen n read so o n write and spak well " I said okay I ve to depend on myself , I began to ji grops on facebook her I found ome of the people shared thir knowledge wth thrs , I followed em immediatly .
I am in my w to iprov my english , I a Alh to guide me to the right way .
My eam is th I want to open a Cenr fr Language Learnng ,
to teac children ad adult in my country go English nd I wl avoid traditional education .
the bs thng tha can enorage me to en this cner hat I ave in my country 5 friends h stuy in the faculty of languaes and translaion a I tin that ty wll be very happy fo jonig me in my centr .
I no hat is a very amazing dream u I pay Ala to gi me l means to achieve my future dream .
lx , I ad my frinds ill go to the cinema at t weeen .
Wld do yo pease join us ?
We will see an actio move .
If you wll join , we an mt in Amasoor mall in th city at 7 p.m.
the public tranpor have no future , the crsis in 208 ; a been down he oil rics .The oil is cheap no and e cars are mo eficient and te govrmet give stmolous fr consumers .
On day in Otber , Micael a boy ws studing archtectur discovered a x wt a message , while he is pening a ox , he har a door .
In this momet a big man went into e bedrom .
This m was his aher , who hd dead .
Mchael was vry nervs nd cnfsed because he did n't understand anything .
He spoke ith is ather and he asked i because he as there and his fathe repondd that he a te biggst secret about h fmily .
" In the past Matie your mother killed yur brother , althug she a a eason , he was a monster becase he kiled a ot of peopl in our ci , so we we to another city . "
But Michael did o belive this stry and he tougt that he wa crazy .
This situation was imposile because his father had ed and in hi momet he an and he pened h oor and his father sid you mut be hee because I ust speak with u more ti an elain becae I can seak wi you ut Michael losd the door d knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
De r Kate ,
I an working in u cfe .
I like a mn food n drink .
I work in a coffee ls year in my country . I can work ng time .
Sinrely ,
Tracy
H are you ?
oday we received a hipment rom Visual service ceter under o old account nubr , it could be a misae by rvice center as a notice regardng major organizational restructure alrady ent to service ceters .
In issued notice it clearly states that all defect part should be sent to Slovkia th ffect rm 01/06/201 .
If any more sipments r returned usng ou l TNT accout nuer , here is no option her than invoicing service center for not folowing instruction .
So lease advise al serice centr to return defect pat to Slovaki instead of England .
oadays , port is very important part our life .
Many doctors recomeded he practice of sport , bcuse it is very healthy f our body n for ind .
Evy day , her e many aricles d news information tha tlking about he bnefits that you get if ou pracie sport .
My favourite sport is swimming becae as soon as start this sport you fe bett .
In spite of you do n't lst wight , you cn win endurance d flexiility .
hen I am say in wer I feel fre and very hastily .
Not only is sport when ou feel swaty , bu also y do a lot of exercis .
Howeer , you do n't have th feeng ta you a very tired , is different , at the same time is faastic !
On th one hand , my advice ha I would gv to someone staing my favurit spor , swiming , is tat you eed a littl wll power because soetims , for exale in winer , yu wi not wnt to go to the gm , l aloe you get in a pool !
On the other hand , my other advic is that I am ey sure that you will feel wonderful and hapy!ay be n at first tie , t su ate .
I promise you hat it will be tis way .
In conclusion , prt is vr necessay and useful o you can improve yu life .
You sar nd hn you explain to me how are you ?
About Me
Hi my name is Christian but my friends cl me chris .
I am 13 yas old , my birthday is e 13 jly .
I was bn on friday the 13 , that 's uny .
I ws adopted from south rea .
I like to play fotball and floorbll , I lik alo to be with my riends d it 's also fun to play video - games .
I am good at floorball ad no as good at football .
Sometmes I play golf and I hik it 's pretty fun , I like to be ou with or ai boat .
I gt 1 sister , her am is Tina , she is annoyn .
She 's 9 or 10 ears ld I do n't ealy know .
I lik to be in Taland because it 's nc and warm and the people there are ver ni , I lso like e fod . I do nt ike homewrk but I do nt forget it , I am good to tese my lite siser n I am poud of it .
I als go an t her name is chelsea .My forite food is illet of beef , scallps ad may sushi .
I see forward to fiday wen I am gig to ciema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Nrni , but my faorite mov is probably 22 jump steet , Lord of th ing , h tv - so : uis , Th waking ea and maye sth pa a family guy .
I am oo at flrball a not as good at football .
Someties I pa glf and I thik it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with o sail bt .
I do n't like to read but I like musc , oo music .
I lk alot of artis a a lot of diffeent music gnres .
I like all from pop , eectronic , hip h to calm muc .
I am watching a fw tv - series b I watch thm oe the internet so I am n rying to time th lock to e a episode .
I like e restaurant we te on hn we wee on a si - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi my nam is Ellit an I le tv aes a lego .
I also lik to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my litle brother just ys " stop talk English " en I talk Englh .
I knw tt I hve o wraithen it t I have a brother .
He is 9 years old d he is really good at saying at he wans a the tim .
I mean when he wants something he ju sid give me that .
I ae t parents lke the most people .
My mum nae is Jenny and my da name is Riar and they are the best parens I know .
I do n't kn so many parnts but whatever .
I like bos t but I ca n't ead so good so I am not eading so ard books wh hndeds of page .
I rea ook ie DIARY of a Wimpy i or ke Percy Jackson .
I ke to alk English at school o but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I ak Swedish the .
My fewit lecon is he wedish lections because hat I lke to rit histories .
My bests riens name is Vitor an he is really fun nd lk h .
My family livs in a
Hi Daniel ,
o are you ? I am going to describe me so u wil be ble to reconize me when we eet at h train staion .
I am tl , around 2 meters , lck hair and blue eyes .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt nd a yellow short .
I will be at the tain station at 7 o'clock a I il be wating for ou at the gt number even .
Kin Regar ,
Rafael
I would lke to desrie my brther Rishbh Bantwal in his letter .
He is 24 yrs old and he looks very similar to me .
he likes to ply gutr in fr im and lkes to go out wt frinds .
Nowadays , we are in h age of internet .
A at world is created by the nteret connection .
We have ur knowledge easie and we ern more ease too .
This is a owr of h information technology .
The social networks su as : Fabook , Twitter , Istaram , oogl plu ... re onnectin us to ore d more friens , companies , public fires , books , fis , social organizations ... we are really av many thngs to see , to hin , to " like " , to " comment " d a doen of stuffs tha we an make an action to interacve with others ... so may it is tru at we have less time to think about ourelves , to take cre ur ealhy .
The hel us to ommunication to the word and we ave ony twenty hours a d . We know mor thng d we oss oe time o any intresting thrs .
But it just happen in he information technooy and related flds such as : , communication , ...
On anothe hd , we still hv many other echnologie to ceat many useful machines , on - side erices to elp or if is better and better da by day .
Transportation lp us oing abroad mr qickly , even cme to th spce by a tour .
It is aaing for yu if o hav enough money to pay for that tour .
We feel more happy , comfrtable a refresh ftr someting ik that .
Bigrahy techolog gies us moe fod .
Chmisty gies us mo tablets .
e , we ar solving many trouble with our tecnolog for ur feeling , our helthy and our finance too .
ou ca jon to y stok maket on ove the world to buy me Gole stoks and sl some Facbok stock o n earn ome money .
You take h wold on our hands with tecnoogy to hl your lfe etter and ette atully but It is ot full that it wl good , let keep it with or needs , or time n yur oney too .
How cn I help te environment ?
How cn a group of riend lp e environment ?
This ye me n my fiends are gog to hlp Paqe Corg from te recen forest fire .
We are worid that if the trees do n't ge plnd soon they wi nevr grow up again .
Tt is the resn wy we are ging to lant thee 00 tre .
Egypt ae more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world d mr people fro around e wold ome to see hi pyramids the wold thk how Eypian people mak tis bilding ro ay be thound yr a til stand witout change n oe tourist coe to take photo in he pramis n stu e stone and h the o Egyptian make this n withot moen tools such as cranes a othr modern machine more scieniic teams me rom al e world to study is building and make Eyptin science in more universities around t world to study hw the air oing inside tis building and how it keep the fod inside it and hw ths big sto take out from far places and ce for this plae and w is building kep he oy of the people after died and hw ths pople leae nsie te building and w this building lik this n wat e benefit of this building n h to make ke ths buding
Public transpt ve improved h regonal development sie e past decad , it 's conveient nd necessary or a city ife .
Bt whe it coms to ravel , it 'll be more convenent if you ve a car , becase you will ot like to go where everybody goes .
If yo he a car , yu can go anyhere you wnt a st by any beautiful ot yo ike .
It 's more flexble fr your rael plan .
A , it 's rall enuh development in ur planet , it wud be better if we cn leave some place blanked , we do n't ne so ch convenient transportation , d we n still ve wel .
Save some natur to th earth , and leave clear ir fo our kd .
uil public transport in a iy , not in a country .
My forite sport ae is Crickt .
It is ey imprtat an very enoyable gam .
Today cicket is very amous ae in t world .
Among them cicke is very famous in Sri Laa .
We could go to in h world from cricket .
It is very great .
Today we hae cler cricketer nd faos amperes than othe ountris .
It is ry valuable .
Australia , England , Sot Afria and New Zealand are vey famous county f cricket game .
Bt those couties ae ery develoed d hey have any facilities .
But i Lna is deveopig ountry t .
They have no facilties than other countries .
Bu ri Lanka criket team could o te World p 14 .
It is very important opportunities in u ountrie .
So as I ink I a njy in cricket thn other games .
You a start th rcket me .
And you an rn more money a you can go to thr countries .
Today we av lots of sport ames .
Vlley ball , Net ball , El , Table tennis , Karte , etc .
B it is not famous and we uld n't go to in t ord .
But cricket is ey famous and we kw y cricketers .
We can be a famous d earn ore money .
Cricket is go for our health tan other games .
In my pinon criet is best o you . ou can be a good cricketer .
You do no ht to do ?
e you a tourist ?
r you lt in he city withot knowing hat to do ?
If I am ight continou reading ths .
We have a lot of shoppi facilities , it is he good ting about ivin in a ig ity ie Madrid , because we have a lot of differnt shop sine lothes hops , pets shs , food shops , shoes hos , ccesories shps , oys shops , resents shops nd much re types of hos that nw I a t reember , b you a find almost ll yu wnt or you need it is not ncredible ?
u or some of the y have to erch vr well because some of the sps are uiqu and som oer are vey good hden , but o at ou ave specialized trnsports that will take u to wherever you wnt or y eed to go
Hi ,
Y wo n't lieve what I di lt onth !
I worked at the bckstag of rock concert !
It wa suh a eat experience o me .
I applied in one musc lu in r cty and I was really ecitd when hey repplied a asked me to el bcaus I enjoy going to rock cncert and I w tuly crius bou how the bacstage is wokng .
What was mny job ?
Motly I helpe oter an carid h stuff .
I enjoyed working ih a soundmaster so far .
It ws quite strssfu but at he e of the concert th atmosphere as amazing .
Pople were ining and shouting - tey al em to be ally hapy .
I hoe I will do tht again once .
See you arrond
Seve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are asking me aut it .
Poland is rlly beautiful a you chose it wise .
I sugest that you c sat your rip ro Wara .
It 's heart of Polan n you wil lern everythig but work , education nd people from ere .
Ever g it in Poland is very imila to ac other .
If u want to relax you can also go to mountains or s .
Even ere o ca eet rally ce people and talk it them .
B et 's talk about work the .
We appreciae kind ad hard working people .
Bt yo ca n't expect hat he are gin to py you a lot of mny .
ae is pretty low .
u thee is a chance that you can meet gneous peple .
Ta are
Ola
Hi Pty .
I 'm goin to te you abu me .
My name is Agustina López I was bor in 19 on 12h April .
I 'm fifeen years d .
Las year I celebrated my ffteen paty a I ovd it very much , ( I want to celebrate it gain )
his yar is my sixteenth birthday an I 'm going to celebate in my he , wth my fmiliy da some frieds .
I love to do an things lke sleeping , goi dancig wih my frieds , goin to th beach , ciema , shopping cent , running and I love th fashion ey much ie h shs , ake up , bags and clthes .
This summer was the es I ent to uchila alta with my best friends thei me re : Emila , Austina , Micaela anda Lucía .
I have a reat ime wi the .
I ls went to priapoli wh my famiy nd al the ays .
I nt to the bea , we loed .
I lik nglis becuse it is ver important to know other langeuge to cmmunicat with ter peoe and ir I go to anohe country it is very inportan to know Engsh .
I hink ha it it vey inteesting and I like it
Dear pe friend ,
Hello , w are yo ?
I hop o are fine wen you ead this letr .
I am vey well an everythig is a rih .
Well , I write to tl about my as suer .
I hd a rally nie eperince working in a cema . I oul n't ae don it ulss my frid Luy who ecourged me .
he taf is reay interesting and helped me l the time and h customers ere gentle all time .
I learnt lots of things suc as dealing with moey and tikets nd watc movies eely .
We gt wrk at four in he afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off hat I spent time at home or going to te gym , where I met hanom guys .
This smmer was relly great .
I recommend you to tr his kd of jb in case u wat to ea extra money and also et new peop .
os of kisses and hg , please write soon
Love
Gisee
In this esa I woud like to hglight how a wide range of public transpot a help peopl to save a bit of moey an a lot of tressful hrs sck in the traffic a .
Firstly as everybdy kw the cot of the fuel is increasing mr and more , ading to hose te ill that own a ca will bring , it became immediately clear tht it is heaper go around by public transport .
Wy then thre sill be so may peple who efer to rie hei own cr intead of sat comfortably on the tain or on he tue readin tei favort bk on their wa to rk ?
I would say that this is because t public transport are not so effcient as the should do .
In my town for eample , I have been Waiting for up to for mnutes before I oul take a bs .
I strongly elieve ht it is a shame becaus a lot of pople lke me oul live thir ehicle at ome d ta a tai istead .
Secondly , te environment oud improve is state need , as far as I can se the pollution ased by the rafic is uiing onumens and mkin t air dty n heay , e sm is as far as waste of ie is concerned , obviosy the fewer as a around h icker you can get were you wn .
In oncusion I wuld really like that politician who ar about pulic transport ill improve the services so ta moe eope cld leave eir vehicles at home a mve roud much more esiy .
he problm is that if eeryone hins hat traeling by car is convient , absolutely eveyne wll go everyhere by car , nd the roads wil bome chockablok .
You see an , I do n't ke crowdd roas , a nd prere to travl by tram .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I play baskeball on weekends sice I am ltle .
I lso like to play basebal , to .
I a pla basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
I usually play baseball with a gru of my friends .
I ay with th on the playground .
I ca n't mag the life witot sports .
In he day societ .
The most people e travelin by hei car , because the ublic transport w ot convenient f people to use .
Maye , in fac e lnds re more g , so that the ansport had t published to anywhere .
e general tnsport constrctions can ivide thre levels .
On the lands , h railroad n higway is e go through the most iy rads .
In th se , inclde the rut and port onstruction .
In the sy , incude airplae fligt and airport constuction .
The trnsort onstruction and econoic development has a close elationsip , n tlized of lnd a more important .
The development of the railroad and hiway ar easy to pulished , bt construc of sepot and airpot must with congenital conition .
Whe integrate of the econmy and lan planig are acoplished , t public transport onstrutions are convenient for pple to use .
I am gin to rite about how iv is oing to cange in te next 50 yer .
Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
that every d is a iffrent d if we cmpare with the one has passe .
Some years ao we did n't use th tehnology to et in touch with friends ad famly u nadays it 's h mos importnt hin f
soe eope o they ca n't lve without it .
I am speaking abou te mobile o it changed u life .
It 's orma
th in th ex 50 yer it is going to chge .
It wl be more advantages in enera and it il iv us a t of good thngs ut maybe some bd thins oo .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is norl ha it will have different change .
It is necessary for ur livs to have or to feel that we are getting better .
My faourte sor is chess beaue it is the only gam for ur mind .
It als heps us in studies .
I agree tt it 's not physical xercise bt a mental oe .
There are many physical exercises like wimming u name y gam excpt cess that makes u mind sharp .
I ik may her games u the best on is this .
I am ot saying that we houl always play chss as hysica activities are also imortant .
h reao why I would advise oeone ti sport is th the hildrn wo are ot interested in there studies or uld o be able to stuy .
In at case ces ould help im .It would mk child mnd sharp and he wold n get disrct by t surroundings .
Locl transportation is n of t ost problem in our area .
he lol transportation become dificult d epensive .
so h government must tae an actn to mk it easy .
Public mdia so must educate people the mportance of Loca transation n how they preerve it .
The Government must save te gaolin and az to resolve the problem .
they mus find a solution to this difficut problem .
Ty must maitain roads .
People aso hae an important roe to solve this problem .
Th should reserve h energy by using bus inste of using their own cars .
Tey also an wa or rie a cycle .
Goerment ust maintin the pbic transportation nd mak it safe .
We can slve this problem if we ant that .
I have hought th writg an articl on my avourie por would be inteesting for t eaers , above al , and mkin no differences on the sport yo have chosen , it is paramout practising sm sport , whatever you chse , sch as spnnng , that is my avorite sprt .
My pece of adice to take up a hobby , in is cae a hysical oby , wch is interesting o your ealth .
I rther enjoy spnning , felig the rhytm of the music lwdr an lowder , this ves me high nergy each ie I wen spning .
If you ant to start pactising some sport , first of all tink aut ow mch time you r illing to spen on it , then try once and if o ar havng a good time go ahe and do th ost of our time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be carefu a go sowly becaue ou mih be injured .
h more sport yo practise h bete u feel , inded , your mood wld t be blue anymo and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
First of all , my opinion is ht there is a future o t public ransort systems .
If we take a look on th Swiss ubli trnspor system , in h bigge iies aost all peope go to wk by public tanport .
The dvantae they t is he following : hey dont't hav to look for parking possibilties , the cn lave e bus or the rain n a ew miute afer thy can gin to wrk .
These people also hp to protec th enironmet by aing our natual resources like petrol .
To conclure , in bigger cities like er or Zurich hre ae no douts that the public transrt ystm would be less convenient tn ravellig by car .
The process hw to make te not o th ban c be outlne in i consecutive steps .
First , h bank notes shul be consirated how to design include bakgrond color , artwork d scurit issues .
The , ty re supposed to pepare a skiled acinists .
Subsequently , the shets of ban notes are printd on the metal pltes .
The notes have pecil link with coor on both sie , whic raised maes slightly .
The most mportant tep is inpet the notes whih ar good quality sheets and whih are bad shet .
If the shee e oo , those seet are then u to separately and acked into cars in order to dispata all vr th ci .
If the shets e bad , those shets r then destroed through bunig .
Sport is very impotnt ar of a healthy lifestyle .
It keep our bdy strong .
Today we have a l of different sports , so we can choose somethig that really it ourselves .
I enjoy running .
It is a kin of thing that eveybdy ca do and it effects all art of my ody .
I literally fe mysf stoger ate every ime I run .
There is no oubt that trafi ad to pollution .
e public trasport ofer a possible slution for t prblem , becuse much peope can transrted in ne ehile .
The governmn as a esponsibility to encourge h public to use bus a e underground mor .
However , there ar a number of chanes tt need to be conidere .
Fistl , public traport shol be made free .
e gvernment hould raise txes fo y for te service .
Car are genraly me expeniv .
First , I think the public transport is moe expensive .
And if we cpare te money yo spend wh the c and te aount at you pend with the public traspor , it is ss .
Secodly , if yo use te ar , y haven't wait much time ti ath he bus or h train , ad mybe you n arrive later at our jo , r this situaton .
I believe that use your cr has a lot of advantages or beneits , it is more comfartable n ls expensive .
la sumer i word at cinema.i tik it is a vey go job ecause you can see any films you like f free .
The minus of is wr is ver g salary and i think tat i wl wr at tis cinema on th ext ummr .
My favourit sport is doing ya .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
oga cms und italzes od n ind .
I do og at least n ou every y .
From Moday to Fiday I do it at ome , at weekend I atnd yoga lsses .
Yoga is a ver onvenient prt .
We an do it at an time as we like .
But if you ae beginner , it 's etter for you to attend regular yoga clase .
ou c lea correct Postures in classes .
After doing it skilfully , y can do it at home or any place .
People 's lves wil change dramatically in he next 50 yea , Equipment and tools have evole ince t beginning of uma histr .
In recen decads , however , devlopments have been articularly groundbreaking , Mn hs been able to inent machns , which ty av ben put to work automation is a great help to mankind , becase it signfiantly increases te sandard of liing an frees eople for hard wk .
Te result is mh ss work a a better life .
The disadvantage , hweve , is that cause of the machines may eole he lost their jos
ea Jo
I read your letter , I oul like to ko oe detals aout wt paces do you want to visit .
I vise y to visit Qeretaro it h had an ecelent seric ih foreign people since fve years ag .
Talking about your new jb , I wa searching some vacancies howee it reqred a job fo full - tm , so I am ong to continue searching some os of part - time .
See you when u arre at Mexco City
Sincely
Uril
Nowadys people et arund constantly .
It 's bette use public transprt or prvat transport ?
el , ecolosts say that get around usig transport blic is more beneficial f the nvronment than using e ar or mtorbke .
In rcet years the numbers of eple h u ublic traport a icreaed a lot , in comparison wth en ers ago .
But actualy does it has a fuure ?
It 's more comforable , faster n prefeable ha have to n to take he bus , wt the train , ec .
This is a fact which idiates the public transport thre is no future in our society .
Oter inals ae , for examle , if y travel by cr , ou can rk h car in frnt of t place where yu want to go .
Bt if o take h b , you hv to take own in a bus stop , maybe a bt far from wre u want to go .
Alo it has to ay that may in the uture , technology ill creae a r that des n't llute th ar , and hen , ue pblic transpot wo n't be neceary .
ye i tnk it 's statement is quite right becaus eey person have ca now a days .
transport are are important but cr is or reliable r famies thy ent together ithout waiting fr transort .
more flexle wt a lo fun th faily .
I live in a city nmd angeang it is in ndonesia .
The Indonei Govrnment itef does n't se to gi a damn abut hir country 's cleanliness , a th citizen too .
it ased our rier me ig rolems such as disease , nleasant sel , food , etc .
i myself , by seeng the rie illed wi garbage , always seems to be disusted by th ench and t unpleasn look from he garbage .
A in Tangerang , h ar is oluted by abon doxide and the her materials .
And as , fte te rir , th road in te city is as contaminated by h garbage .
garbage eveywhere .
te cnditin of my county is really citcal , I ess .
n he amount of the city 's gade does n't mach the amut of the poulation and polutio in that ty .
There ae a lot of hih - rise building a it provokes flood along te igh - rie building 's secion .
I oner if he citizen in my county and town could ma a btter environment area by thowin garbage on its place and try using an co - rendly transportatin .
nd th gvernment , ps do n't be so flabby wit yr own citizn .
yes , be strt .
I think it 's okay because he ppose of you doing that is to tran te iizen to be more responsbl f what hy d . a , I think it 's enogh ro me .
I suppose , the government also hve studied this situation to .
ut the did n't do that uch fte kowing this rth .
I oe Indonesian overnmen tak an acton about his situation because if it contins then Indonesi would be the most unclen country ver the other countries .
Alison read the ne , smiled , and immediately pu on her coat .
She look like hap and she s looking forward to finihing the class to te e frind what had happened .
ftr the class Alison joined her friens .
She was ry enthusiastic nd telling them that un , t y who she was fallen in love , hd witen a letter for her .
Then the friends could not let to pay attenti in the ison 's wrds .
She transcrbe t ettr ith a lot of passion because it ws evien that Juan was interested in Alison to .
Whie all irls was harding to Alison , Juan appeard as a gosh .
Alion as like tomato a al he fiends aughed at her .
The bo felt very mbarrassed , theefoe he carried on hi ay an he did not say nothing to h .
Ason always troug : " If I would not hve td thi story to my friends I a assd all eveng wh uan "
I tin ha r the public transport here is a ftur , because ve time h gsline prices d the value of th reparations of e vehicles incrase .
ke in oher things t price increase , from t aliments to lotes d home supplies , gas , wte , eletricity .. Thn t people wll choose the public tranprt in th future .
My relaxing activity
wimming has been always my favorit sort .
I used to go to the imming pool wen I wa in th scho to earn d it became in my favourit activity whe I a relly tird .
I was with my ister an my friends d I spent a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I usually go wimming twce a week and I really enjoy swimming cause I can chill t a disconnect my md .
Mreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in te back so tat going swiming is really beeficil f me .
In recnt days I found ut a gagt to liste to music whl I am swimming an it is marvlous ecuse I lso love listening to mui .
To begginrs in thi sport I would eommend ha a trainer teaches swiming proply becaus it is very important to py attention to he position of the ar .
Furthermore , it is necessry to wear glasses .
wmming is n of te be spor to practse it is due to rquire all parts of the boy .
Fo this eason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and eoy .
Tere ae lots of probles in ur lf .
or example : Transport .
Thr are ot of kid of Transportation as uses , rs , ubways , Trains or ixs .
May be they ar comfortable , teribble , essay , engeros or avrge .
If u ar lte , o can se subway because it is aster , sar and chepe .
Cr and bue becoe dngerous a mk Prblem in th seet .
My view of eating habits .
Why does our ain think about od ever day ?
Wh have ou rige in every single me ?
Why ..... ?
Every ay people hining aout fesh od , ast fod , swt food nd many different type of fod , why ?
r y thinking that emotional eing is your bad habts ?
Ho often do you open yo frde ?
Hw mny tim are u gong to shop for sme snacks ?
Wh happened wth us .....
I emmbered that my childhood as very quite , happy round dinner at grandmother 's ous .
Really , I to you th I w le a little bit future rl who h dinner regularl with two prton : op ad meal eal .
So we can started rm beginnig : frstly , s reakfas hich includd some cereals with hot mi .
Scodly , was lunc at schl like sandwich n om frui .
fer I a in home on dinne tm a soe deset .
Coul yo se how easy n regula li I hv got .
My " prive menu " inclued frs eat like sald , fih , fri an vegetables - an options healthy fo .
ow , I am 28 ya ol woman who oes n't has tim for normally dinner bcause I 'm a very sy .
Today , I wake up at 07.0.m and ctch up om of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee u mre than often just ha tm for half mug nd runs to ork .
During a a I have unch whic is from can or rder some uky fod .
Lat , I rde take away rom Chinese bufet or n pizza .
Whn weeked cmin I have a plan fo special dinn which is ke om ade but do n't have time agn .
hat happened wth my ealhy life whi I wn to have when I as a chil ?
Why everything lok like more difficu n hr thn wee before ?
Whre is u free time and what are yu don with yur lifestyle ?
n yes shwe me that I cn do everything fo myslf if it is enough or me ....
ison red the note , mild , and imdiately put on her coat .
S went to t stato tin a get a ticket to Lodon .
sh syed there and rad agan the note t ddess was nar to he g bn .
Wen th train me se smile and es up nd sit .
e turned r ai and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"wel , I should ask him what are he dog here "
" What are yu doing here " a Alison he looks hr but th a ad smile , nd tun i he
First of all , finising high schoo is a passge of life ha idicat e begni of a new chapter for h studnts .
Since this mment ty will hav maturity d responsibility .
Threfore , any of hm are not ready f this .
So , a lot of parents and stuents ave the opportunity to rael r a er .
When ou are travelling arond the world by yourself , you wo a bagge of knwedge , culture , discorvs and , wit all of thi , ou won persol experenc .
ometimes , tes is able to chnge a person , making that she or he ae a e prception of h world .
However , some students do n't hae thi opportuity to travl , ey start to wok .
h job , provie , as wl the trip , responsibility and expeence .
It changes in a different w h erso too .
The consequences ae n't go as the reasons , r nstance , they ma ave he career prejudicat , or they spend so many eas travlling that the r od to stud in a uniersity .
Beside that , the ave differents points of view in many subects , tt is w they may don ' lke e fun and t conversation in the social lif with h other students .
Tey can n enjoy hs chapter with ung and frh thoughts .
Finally , to mk a decision to ot go in a university when yo finis he high school , is n't t eaiest ction to mke .
It is a great dedcisn , ht brng get consequences an great expernces .
Whatever re the choice , tey will have the mr in thir lifes forever .
Be carfu and choice it ll .
Pbli transot is th backbone of a cit .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people re using more publc trasport than their own rivte vehicle then it wi he to potect envirnment and taffi as wel .
But ow a ays autoobie compnies are ore ocused on t improvement of the ca so ta the can be me environment friendly and traffic frieny .
Futre of public transport ill be measr on t basis of avancemnt of h private vehicle .
Sometime eople get offendd becaus of th crod a the inconvenience caused by some peple wie using public transpor .
But main concern ll be tehnolgy .
Technogy is bein oe advanced .
A car is being mde so Eco fendly an user fendly that it is mor
Many pole sad tat at school l the students ae to sart a sport a frequent that one regularly .
Is o a good da becuse se students have to stud al te aternon r ote subjects and he fr tie is ery sant .
As an example if a student ee to recprate a suject or have to ta a god mark , they ca n't go to do a sprt bcase there is no me .
In contras do a sport is vy imortant because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility t the most iportnt tig is that we r alwy active e our body can get good reslts .
To sum up , do sports is very impotat for teenaers to whih h bod is going to grow and do it regulry is omitment tht we should ae . in my opinion , hoever , do a sport mandatory is ot educational because we ust do a spr wh enthusiasm n othered or for obligation
Dear i ,
I 'm writing in regard to th wtch Fossil F473 , smiar to FS4812 bt with different colours .
I 've seen it a couple of da ago and I w going to buy it , but it a disappeared fr your
prducts list ( I suppose it has ben delted ) .
However , I woder if yo cold tell me he it
wold be avaiable agin .
Thank in advice fr your information .
ours faithfuly
In my opinion , th are ot my frien . If you parents are yur riens , yu wou live in harmony with th .
Te wl consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , Y take responsibitity for what you done .
Hwever , te are ot my frieds .
There a some rsons , they a not , are as follws .
Frst of ll , I make my evey effort to do my job better , however , they nly conider tha I wst my tim doing wron thing .
Nxt , hy do n't belive my capability is od .
I do everything but nothing .
Finally , ty totaly do n't liten to wa my oint is .
They aays look at me ie a d neve row up .
It is idiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .
I am ovewholemed with grief , lving wih them .
I can not tlerat their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefer aying alone to living with them .
eole often discuss if TV viwing is usefu o the eucation .
In my opinion to watch TV is actualy helpful for lrning n thing .
There is one argumn hat shos , that he TV promotes us .
h main rason for thi is , hat the TV is teaching us , beaus it is an important medium in o lives .
A gd example of this a the ny informative es , hich we are allowed to g .
his lerly shs that te TV is lecturing .
To sum up , TV iewing is nt us entrtaining at ll ; It definitely is also educatin .
Many people agu about the u of TV .
Sme of hem believ hat it can only entertain us hle othrs do belie that it can alo educate .
Hweer , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if someboy wnts to have soe un he or se n just choose the right Cane or movie uch as comedes , vido gs or fuy TV shs .
Meanwhile if an individua wants to larn fro TV .
TV povies os of coniive programs li cooing , takig care of es , hw to at as well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows tat help pople how to deal with probes .
ootbll is e mt favourite spt in t World .
Ws founded by taleed athlee in e UK in eal 1900.The Sport wa becoming ery fmous snce frst Word Cup was held in Uruguay til the presen .
I really njoy watching and playng fotbll since I was a i .
There are several reasons of why peol rally enjoyd soccer so muh .
Nothing is permnent in his ord , I 've knew thes words rm the mouth of my paent a until now it is in my ert that hp me to deal wit this kind of life .
Smetimes our hapy nd somtime u are ad , or you a succss or you are faied , ta is he heel of the life we are tking .
Life is changing very fa as e dy on he calendar is going , e flow of life continuously revolvin with t worl eer persn have .
Nobody can tell ow , when , where and wat will appen in t next 50 years of ur ie .
It depend on how you deal with what o have at he presnt to be prepared o the forthcomin changes in the ture .
There are a t of fctrs ha culd greatly affect on wat you wl be in te comin 50 years of our lif .
ut he most via part fr tse changes is yourself .
Everbod has he right one r a change but it should be f e ettermen d not for te ose .
With t simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of liig go hrugh ih it .
A coplicatd ways frm before , vance technologie made it easy and simple now , what else more cold we pect next .
he digital age has been a big problm for musical idustr because t new technologies n intere d helped more t musical piacy .
The peole aledy do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
" Piracy is destroying h muc industry " as it is a violaton of copyright .
It is a shame that a peso is working during many moths fo after he peple wnt enjyig hi work ithout ving to y , it is literally to seal .
It is like you desn a chair and the people to tak without paying .
h singers have to adp and be abe to survive piracy , w mos tir incoe are he concerts n diitl platfo like Sotify .
I thin that peol huld be more responsible and respect th wo of others so th society volves in a halty wa an without conflict .
Today , an eope , grops or social movents are disagree with diferen n mainly aspects of or dominant cuture ; r exampl , e mariage or e age fo marrd , t ol of womn in th family , the eligions , h educaio a new as of family an ay alues .
Thi perspctve of life is insired by cotracltural movements and some pple al to thes eople as " altenatie " , ut it is ach y ore mmon d it let a inclusive a diverse society .
The lture is hanging in ts way , maybe it ca be wonderful for t humn freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOBIA CULTURE
Eating abi in my country really has changeged in the last ten yars .
it 's r is n't cea complety , but I opse it epens on chegin hbt of if in developing procss of our ssiety .
At frs and mportan chane is about ating prepared food that is n't halhy usually , s raon probably woman 's life ste that is gong to big change in the way that te do n't ike staying at ome d spend their time to making fo , n they preer to buy prepared good .
Te oter matter is abu u abit to eating food togehr ith o amil at were a custom in humanty le nt st in our cture , ut now because of hard nd bu li , we h to eat ou meal mostly ays of a wk .
Now , we fogt big dinr table hat are fulled wit fmily mmbrs .
Bu a good cange of our habit is attention to caly fo and healthy fod because of t information on iernet a ather media hat are accessible way f all ople easily the days .
Tottaly l thk chaing is ignorable u we n cotrol it to ke o life better , specially abut food hat is st important aspect of urife but we do n't py attention to it noug .
I am a programmer who wants to write abo prgramming languages ad skills .
h truth of matr is I think I 'm fl of ideas but unortunatey I ca n't desribe my knowledge a experiences in Eglish .
owevr I ca write these ides in my n native language a hat 's why I 'm thinking that n d I should be be to wrie those ideas in English as well .
Dear opie , I hve just coe ac from a eally exciting few days wt my cousin .
Tht was the best ace I had ever been .
we went to New York or four days .
On Thurdy , we arrived at 12.15 .
Whil I a at the bathroom , me cousin a smoking .
Whe I went ack , a policeman sed hi not to mok , so he w angy duing the hoe flgh .
On Frda , we went on an incredible sightseeing but t ide to me n to tk picturs beause I had to b th .
On Satrday night , we wnt to a formal restaurant to at pasta .
Finally , we darted at 18.45 pm .
I thi I ill go ac next yer .
It a a well pland for a holiday .
Micael , toethr wi i tw frien , da a on decided tak a cation at Pulu Langkawi , Kah , Maaysia .
They search o tickets light , rental car , nd hotel .
They ere to excited and can not wait to go there .
About one month beoe eparture , they serch oer the intrne t places tat might gt inersted in thi mind .
There are Padang Masira , ale C , Mahsuri Tmb , small iands , Duk tour , beaches , hoppng centre a the mst exciting is to buy choclates .
One ay before oing , Micael suddnly having a problem .
He needs to flow hi family to h twn .
th all his hurt heart , he told hs two friends abt te matter .
Aa and John as vry ngr .
They said , th aledy lnned and Micha apply ruined he acatio .
They ned to ink again about t budget d all of the tuf .
Miche can not stand anymore , he scodd is friends d ayig soething that ayoe do not at to hear .
His mher herd wh h happened .
She ry to ve a slow lk ith hr son at his room .
Sh sai , money c mke everyone hr if it is ot ettle down very well .
After l th is advises , his mother kise hi on i forehead .
Michael try to hink again wisel .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
Michael close he door and knew at that moment he had ad a isake .
He cald back is riends and manage to sttl down l the es up .
Peter looked at s watch and knew ht he a to do something immediately bt he forget what he ha to do ater thinkg he rememebred ht he d to visi is grandmother as she was l n his mther told im ha his grandmother wanted to s e doctor a wanted him to te her by hi a as adoctor 's clinic ar frm her house per decidd to go and he rov his r to his grandmoter 's house in the nx tret ter he arrived , he a h grandmother was waiti for him on the front of te street he apogized to he and asked er to come to the car , " never mind " she told nd ride the ar bside i .
eter drove his r to the doctor 's clinic ad after half an hour he arrived and he and his grndmoter go aove hrough e stirs to reach e doctor 's clinic after ey arived they found tht he have to say aerid of time to take is turn he waited a the ther ur am .they entered the dtor a the octor was very id he welomd hem and ate check peter 's grandmoher .
e was vry fine
Thre is a an who is most imortan for n 's lfe .
I am t different fro that.there is a bak tair influence in my lf he is none but my father .
I respect him so much and admire also .
He is my et friend who never rts me .
He lwys helps me by giving god advance .
He is an dal farm who neer and ee els a ie .
s ens of livelihood is the smples .
He always hoors the oldest n auht us of avidig ells a l.so r as I remember one y he as dvising me suddenly a old ma entered the onversatio an od a foolish eech .
Nevertheless my father i n't tl m arrogantly b he made him kw the rig thing plitey .
he is a fluent speakr .
tht 's y I admire m .
Everyone make mistake , No one ay I have o made n istake in my life .
I ha made many mistake I guess .
u is tha big problem in our life or small problem or it really does nt mater ?
Or do you reall regrtted what have o one ?
Travelling by car pas an iprtant role in our life .
Thr re a l of privae transpt in te strets .
Hower travellin by bus or ra ever t aay ro our aily routie . Travellin by us is no uc convenint as eting a cr , but yu would ner nw what can happ with yr ca , her it wi stuck or some of oher acedien wi hapn .
Puic traspor as a timeale .
This fact gves gernment such opportunity as manag the traffi on the roads , cities or towns treet .
Private transport give us traffic ams , a ot of acidens and tresful siuations .
We are gettin nervous because we a responsbl nt ny o ur life bu other people , too .
And also we ve to understand tht use puic transport is cheaper than use a car .
T oter de of th problem is elogy .
Why do we think tha only convenience c be the main pit of ung a car ?
What cn we say out ur ecoloical consciousness ?
L 's take a bicycle traelling to r schol or job instad of uing a public or private trsport .
Transport is moe mportant or r life .
ulic trnsort is becoming no future because of travelling by a is more convenient .
Public rnsport r not suitale for uggag 's .
Travell pn ned to pend on public tansprt te .
It is more fu whn we raveling by c .
We c play musc or tak anything while we rvel in th c
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no Pubi transport in som ra , thn we need to hire taxi .
So If we have our car , it is much eaier than using transport .
Dear Jo ,
Hw are u ?
Nice to receive your letter a ler tht y wll be in Hong on this smmer .
Hong Kong is wonderful place for hopping , eating d sight - seeig country .
o c aste sea - fod in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
Visiting Big Buda in amm Island , atc the beautiful ight iew in the Peak .
Besdes , Hong Kong lo has man ounry parks for hikkig .
I am sure tha you wil love his country !
If you want to fi a ob for only three months , I suggest you can each Enlish for summer less .
In Hong Kong , most of student would lk to ake som courss in Summer Holiday .
I will gt some information for yo if u have interes it .
Writ to me if yu hve fed yur iineray and looking forward to see yo in ong Kg .
Ta
I think public transor is parmount nowadays , but te fuure ll deive us sme kd of diffren means of ranspot , such as the a , es , a car we ve been usg all o lives .
ut this tie will be anther stor cause in order to sve me a ony we are ging to us r n car .
Let me exain my rason , en you drive your car you can tak it fom your garage or in te main door of yur house a it et you whatever you ant , but on e other han if yu tae pulc transport it wl be ch more ucomforable because yo must ctch t b in the bus stp ... where is your nearest b top ?
Then yo must pick e subwa to or destiatio , so that ean a waste of ime , otherwise is cheaper , u what happns if y do n't have oe coins to ay the u driver ? hre comes the poble .
You shul lok r a shop to exchage your money to cins .
What 's the ime , then ?
Obviousy o r late to work , ve if you ha an appointment to make an interview f a ob .
Alison ed the note , smiled , and immediately put on h coat .
he read a note from her boyfriend To .
e must go to a sopping centre ecaus om is waiting for her in the shoping centre .
They go to a ew fm abo Jms Bond .
lison is vey hpy because she i n s Tm for to mons .
he must stu in a different ountr and he not see each other o months .
To is sutdig in ondon .
lison go to a bs stop n he waitg or a u .
She c ot wait to see Tom .
Whn h arivd at a shopping ctre m is already aitng .
ey wan to spend ll evening tgether .
h lion ing is my favourite film .
It is the stoy abot a ittl lion nd his le .
Smba is h main characr .
He must began to be the king .
He lives on the wild .
His aher saves i of a ght bu he id and Syb is sad .
He moves to anoer ace because he did n't want to be on t sm place wee h father died .
ut he kows Timon nd Pumba n they g ha Symb beliee again th li is god .
Then , Symba save to uba of a lion ad thi ln is Nala who is an ld friend of Symba .
They retun and Symba gets to be h io kig .
I wol recommend ths im cause it is fnny , entertaining and you c learn principles .
My name is shousheng ad le in Monreal anda .
Alrough Canada is an Enlis country hwver in Montrel , the ofial lagage is reah .
So I do nt ha opptuniy to practical English ecause mt of my colleagues sea French .
he peak French in the meetn , in the gearm , n in the soppig
My favourite sport is rnning .
When I have a free time I sually ru becae I ee rely relxed after that .
I stared this por six years g n I found mysef .
en I stop doing it for a wk , I fl tt there is somethig missing a I 'm not in a good shap .
I advise eeryone to start this sport .
In th fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if o ie it up .
But it 's vey importat for ur health .
Runing will hp yu bu calore and make you clm nd relaxed .
My favourite spor is footal .
I ie football becaus it imprve my bic skil n my mid does not ak that muc stress .
Football is realy ood because it is an active spot .
It is bewildering !
I was nspied by a tru ledgend , his name is En Hazard .
He lays or Chelsea .
My favourite ams are Chelsea , Man city , Man united , Rel madi an barclona .
That l I c ay . I lo football vry mch
ys we cn say that for c is uch convenent . bt every ersn cld not be fford cr .
en tha price behind fuel f car .
that 's firs fact .
and the second one is tha ashion or sty of young eple ho do n't like mor go somewhere usng a a tha bke .
after that last poit we an not go eerywhere using a car we wuld like .
that ha imtation also there .
migt be soman people are liking because tee are so my service with it .
bu it ds not eas that public transprt is not having future .
ha fc bhin sense because maintainance of publc transprt is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we want to cont function of public traport because it 's ot eough ords to ay . but pubic tansport is most need servi in i city as el as sal villeges .
It 's not so hard to find ights to see in such a g city like Moscow , b he you hve a wid varety of musum , parks , clubs , you will ty to vit onl st ones .
Let 's lo at e most popular placs where tursts prefer spending their free ime in Moscow .
I 'm ue i 'll agree that he ed Suare is t most popular sih in captial of Russia .
That 's y I suggest starting t journey from th place .
Yo can ge there by metro ( Tetrlnaya Stato ) .
om he d Square you can easily see Mosow Kremln , St. sils Cathedral , the State Historical Msum a m rading Huse .
If ou are ing of hungr you can ha a quick snack at eremk cae or have a squar meal at he restaurant # 57 , hch on th the third loor of t m .
I prefer spending my re tie in the aks .
orky Par is my fvorite plce for my leisure .
It 's a caital 's central ark were yu 'll wi lots of interesting affair .
Tere a ots of faciltie such as sports centre , ping pong cub , hire centre etc .
There is an open - air cinema , bt it pens nl fte 10.00 PM .
So , if ou an to ave a mmorabl holday , h cpital of Rusia is the mt attratve pace .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
He is fro Gresun .
He likes playing mobile phone , plying basketall nd readin a bok .
He is obies listen to usic , play computer gam , watch the fotball atch and watch TV .
Tese are my friends hobbies .
I 'd lk to tak about my past .
I 'm onl fifteen years l but I tnk I hav a heavy past ..
First , I 've aways lived in a kind of littl flat hich is a social logemet .
We did n't hae a lot of mney bu I went to a private elementary cool .
Tere we a lot of rih pople , maybe we were about ten to one hunre nt living in a house .
I d a lt of friends , too mu freds ..
At sixth grade , I realizd at they id n't relly lov me , or evn like me .
I remember wo contrats oents : One ay we had to create a team to make an exercie whic sed brain , they hose me .
ltough , another tm , we had to reae a tam o dog sort , a they i n't choose me .
Tha et to the secnd problem I had , an stay n : my weight .
They dd n't hoos me bcase of my wght .
I was too fat , too mh fat .. I looked at my health boolet on mnt ago , ad I saw that I have bee ovrweght since I 'm four years old .
nti sixth grad , I hough I was " normal " , bt then all chnged ..
Learning Elish is very important by the futue of l .
Is a lagage that mny peope speak and know .
any people start learning Eglih at scoo .
Late , h pple continu in language schols .
Is a diffiult language , so , e best ptin is to go broad .
In an Englih speaking untry , everyday ou lar to live .
Pope speain different but it a basic lvl understand Enlish .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown wih diffret eple but is a good experience to lan .
I thnk if te woe wrd has oy n language uld be betr .
Eveyone could speak and understand .
Not so , erefore , we must study vr English .
Because of e suggestions , I learned ow to ntrol my temper while I was facng wit faures and kp telling myself tat wa n't a big shame becuse I had h ried my best .
Thu , I became more mature eause I overcame the ard times .
I like walking in he morning eery day n I enjoy ding it with my wn or with my rieds , and ecause it 's very usul fr my hlth nd also it keep my body hethy and full of enegy .
soetmes I feel ired of walkng especially in e unny days with a high temperatures , but ta ca n't e me stop ing this sport .
when I 'm walkg , ta a refresh me ll the time ad kes me feeling good .
I want to give dvic to eopl who lve thing pe of prt ; please do o et it go , and do it as you cn , cause it 's a beneit sport .
Hi , evryone .
ts god ida to improve my Enlsh writing .
I 'd like to speak the edcation proces in gyp .
I have jt raduatd from fculty of a " English division " rom two yars a , wih er good grade .
The ordiar result of the bi eort I h exert in my uniesity to have good jo in my specilizaton lk a awyr .
t in Egyt no one tas his rght you should pay a lot of money to hav a job or known soone us i authority to appoint you .
So , I ntended to g a b in aother tte like ubai , I heard jobs here is very go and also e compensation . I hve submi my CV in varous jobs .
ut what is t comn reply ?
your qulifications re nt satisfied , You mus be UK Or USA educated .
Finally , I see that I hav very high rks in eduation but nt have the abiliy to wok in h rea life because in Egypt there is h worst education .
Thanks .
1 ) I like helping people
2 ) om ofere to go to the inma .
3 ) Mryy efued borrowing money .
4 ) C we ffor to purchase a a next er ?
5 ) I look forward to mee ou .
6 ) The ovie I watched mae me cry .
I do nt think , it 's sy to do research in India .
Eve if on a time , I want to focus on my work they will crate on or t othr issue to distract me .
I will make my own pah , toug it wil be difficult o me .
But it wi be ry romantc to be with my girlfriend n fgh wt e system .
We general use te ord " tress " wh we feel that everything sems to have bcoe too uch - we are overoaed n woder whether we real c cope with te pressures laced upon us .
We can chage eeryting ht us if we need if we ave voltio
Th reasos for strs are oe diverse perhaps beause we have an exam period , mily proplem or becaus we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hour of working and anceld or need or nogh comfotable , n lot of reasns to trss ...
We must get ot of t stress quickly before los oursef becaue it 's very hurtfu priod , for example ou can ad a book , doin srt , ply music , eating delicious foo , remmeber all the oitive thg was took place with u , talk aout omeone who trust o hm , ak of ery ting mak you set and make you life tring , go ot an eat ea wi you est jong freds , nd here a l of yo have to do ...
Rmmber t stress is not asting thing , nd u can avid it
Bu if you re willng to live in hpp life .
ear Sir
I am writing to complain aut te ae - unch menu .
In my opinion th main curse needs a ack of improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetaria and I do n't av mch choice of vegetables .
Secondly there e o much variety of dessrt mail fruis and pudings .
Ther is not much variety of healhy drinks , there not much hot driks as we .
Sme people sa that in my colee re vegtaria , Muslim , vegn e.c.t a they do nt have much vaiety of od to choose ke halal meat d veg and nothing tha coes from animals .
It is considered that ou chge the ye of fo regularly .
Redue the fast fo tha make eple obe n nt healthy .
It il be better if you gave driks comared to h eathr like whenever its wine we woud le a ho drink an if it is sume we old lk a chilled drin .
I hope o cosder this major problem in the af .
hnk yu .
Yours faithfully
Der M Ashby ,
I 'm writing to yu regarding of a letter I 've see on my way om calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in yor cafe staff .
As requsted , I 'm an English - speking guy and currently looking or a job tha does n't disrupt my studies at colle .
Fr that reason , this job is perfectly sitable or me a , besids , it showed up as a good opportunity or me to impove my incoming helping me ayin my bills .
Now I am twenty fier ears ol and whn I s teenae I live abroad twice .
Th first ie in odon , o 6 months , and ms recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
e movie I 'm oig to be reieing is " the urge "
I actaly oved it qite a lot , I just loved all t suspens and t parts they leave ou hnging , it 's jst way oo interesting , the movie is about e amerian governmt who nnuall ives 12 hours where ll crime , even murd , is lga , n there are no medic services during tha lng eriod of wat they call " th purge " an anyo can join it , yu c kil whever y want .
h thing is , some people do n't think it 's ok , a they do n't agr , so thy just st inide and y to suive he night .
The diagrams illustrates e process about producing bank ots .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour atching and rtwork including th isses about afty .
After deining , metal plates a supposed to be prepared with h help of experienced achinists .
Then , it comes to the priing ste .
Ensuring there is clour on both sdes , image is incresed gely by a certin type of i .
Most mportanly , before distribuion , rnted sees wih 50 bank notes pr sheet he to be cecked whether thy are of perfect quaiy or no .
They can ly be paed ad distibuted en they are wh good quaity .
In other wrds , both bd sheets and the ones whch r seperated bdl need destroying in a saf way hich n st them frm goig into te market .
That 's how bank notes ar produced from paper to he n we an purchase gos in u aiy life .
Many peopl lieve tha nowdys hre is no fuure in pubc trnspor , because travelling by car is so mu more onvnient , ut others cotinue with the tought th hey do elp for example r travelling fr long distane .
I lieve ot are useul .
Firstly , there is plenty of peope who ca nt by a car n so th ony optin hey hae is to tral by thes transports .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch nd it is avaible o e majority of th peple at least comparing to buying a a .
Seondly , publc transports re more eficent to travel for ng distance han cars and people would nt have to purchase combusibl .
When people r availe to tavel to other cotinets or fa aay , they my nee a plane , icth is a public transpt , to complete he journey becue the have tu cross oceans nd clomplicated distances that ae different landfors .
Hoever , a a is soething witch is from he peron d he c do athevr he wants an nd it in th same y he or he left it , a someies public sprts are nt lt in the best ay .
In addion , yu have to hae with people ou absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt e again .
Consequesntly yo cn be stole or t sic .
But , by obsevin all hese peope u an rich yoself ith different cultures ad manners the the he ad incporate new topics .
To cnlude we can esablis a midle point .
Publi sports are useul u sometimes inconvenent bt mre ceaer . u can gt to know n people and different cultures .
When I wa 12 , I went in Franc f h first te in my ife .
That was my fst time on hliday in another cntry tat wa n't nourth Italy .
I remember i wk up at 6 o'clock for to e train ad went to Paris in France .
Ate 4 hours sat on an ncomfortable sa , we rrived at the train staon a then my prents and me en to the htl .
We fisited a lot of monumnts , museums a huces , ie e Louvre wth the Monaisa by Leonardo Da Vini .
That wek I fet happy d relaxe but I was a lite i a whn we returned in Itay .
I am wating only to go tere anotr time !
Nowadays my people hv thi own transport , for example ty ae cs .
Transport is the best situation for ople to can travel aoud a country .
Withut transport people a no go bak to ork a do something else .
ih blic trnsport , is te best way to go to work . Becse it is eas to travel .
No need to py a full amount becaue they av any eople who entered the bus .
Pubc transport heled us to know our country and improve our body to move e ace to another .
For exampl , we should walk to go in a place wheeas a c can pak in the plc whi we at to go .
It heps us in ny dfficlt ways , if ey have a problem we can take a bus an go there .
It will be ore appropiate fr us .
All illag he hv a bs - sp wher the b op to ak or lee asengers .
nd ome u driv at niht to take passengers .
Wihout it many peop ill have mny dffiult to go somewhere or to retn hoe .
However , they hve some disadvantages wi a public trnsport , ey gave my traffic j , ths is becue the bus a large and dificul to cotrol .
If the roads a small , he b ould go in t stree .
h us wold not eve he passengers where they want to go , because thy hae to leave the in e b - stop .
Dy by d e country develop more and ore , owadays thy ve train .
Many eople travel by train ecase they arrve moe faster thn the bus d cheaper in a long run .
e publc trasprt will have any future because some peole av no money to uy their w car .
Pubic transport hav hel us in many dfferen ways .
It will better if th have public ranspor .
ear Ka !
Do your amly is hpy tht you come back ?
Are you fine ?
I am writing to tell u ta I have known my aun Lia whe I w in London last monh .
We e each oer next to Oxfrd Sreet , when I was going to a supermarket .
he went ith me an we ta abot everythg !
e is vry interesting and wise person , but h best is her umo .
We are oig to trave to the France in tis oliday .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wai .
isses
Oa
Nowadys sing public transport is conidered to be the mst convenient
a to mve around .
It prvides citzen the fredom to relax and disconnect while gin ome or to work .
Howevr , taking you own car is th much more useful .
And o ts reason I hoesly thi it will be th only means of transport in t ture .
You also asked about t leisure activities in Span .
Well , e me tl ht there are ots of ways to have a good time there .
Fo me , the most iterestig n is sihseeing around he city n dicoer its monumts an landmarks .
However , thee ar also an endles of leisure activitis such as going hopping or ging to usums , to cnemas or to beautiful parks
If it were not enough , o il be able to enoy h mazing mosphere of o nightlife , goig to restaurants , to ubs or loge ba .
In my tow pple ae very educated d very awre of the environment , th ow vey well that if we take cre of the enviromnt then it wll usefu for us ol , so they always tk care abo t rubbishes and ry to cln the village .
Whenever ty ar goi to utsid alay keeping the plastic bag wih thm so watever rubish thig they will not throw to the road or outside .
tey alys keep he rubsh and dust to plsti a n then the thrw to dust bi
D. Pehaps , bilingual cool creation migt be a god id of Colbian eduation improvement , t it will be appropriate to be awae that Combia actuall ha public chols with a bsi eduation wre Englih is considered as another aademi ubect , in cotrast wit the privte ones .
Because a ajrity of do n't hav enough resourcs to pay for it .
Th who picture conys us the prces of making bank notes .
It epend five main sps whih inlud desh , reparaton of mtal plaes , prining , inspecton , packaging and dstraction or disosal epens on whether h fouh sep is good or bd .
Above ll , the sign is the ost previous y we shou nw , wich is onsiderd wth the background color and artwork .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that ubsidarize wh silld machinsts .
And the we nd printing and inspection .
Eventually , the mst essential ar com t , we ee sinificate the quaiy of th sheets .
If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas the others soulde be distroyed as well .
In conclusin , te wole ar of proes is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed t powe wich contind h humanity and machinic .
evrtheless , in my opiio the most preciou of the revolution is the modern ecrity measure through such a mu - eveloped society .
To bei ith is eign , we re able to coniderate bacgroud clou , artwork , and security issus , ad then , we r supposed to eparing ental plates , uch as killd n machiists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 an nts p she).There are some rquestion -- colour on bot sides , secia k , mages ligtly raised .
T most mportant step is insction that t printed sheet hold manually inspece .
If partially daagd shet ext , the bk notes should eparted ino good and a .
In the nd , if it is a gd sheet , the pocedue is ackging and disribuion , including cuttig into separate bank otes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad sheet , e porcedure is disposal --ba sheetsand bank notes shoul be securely destroyed .
I do nt know fo whee I can str .
Back in the 40 's , aio s considered as o of h cleast a the friendly environmental iy around t world , Even leanst thn ais or ohe cities in Euope .
B he time is chnges and thins re changing with it .
owadays , Car can be considee as one of - if not the most - he dirtiest ci in the world .
Rubis is everywhere , people finish their od and thro empty ba in t steets instead of holding it until they found a tras .
So , the ugly truth is my country is n't clan and people do nothing towrds ths .
In th pcture here is a an beind a counter in a hop .
Thee re lots of guns on h wall .
In te right cone there 's a sn wich sas at in this so it 's n to been allowd to sell knives .
It is a fac tha on he one hand you hav the opportunity to b dangerous weaon nowadays t on t ote hand we are unable to manage this sitution correly .
It is tr ta there a an increase on vioenc in h past an it is r duty to tell ou chilren that a wor wihou guns are a better ord .
It was late Summer in Africa .
Max ad his famy had ben in their oliday fr t weks now , this yer thy d decided to do a safai as a n experience .
Unfortunately Max was not as exited as is famiy , he hd nver ben relly into animals .
He only njoyed staying at the hotel to watch television .
" Max , wake up ! " i o sid .
One he i , he went walig outsid t htel for the frst time .
Today o some reasn he g this felin tha somethn interesting will happed .
He walkd nd walked thinking wha could it be , until after a long tim wlkig he ralised he did t know where he s .
Suddenly , he heard something , was it an anil ? , he hnked .
nd then he realised it ws an enourmous , in .
Max freez he did not know wa to do .
The lion was getting closr ad when he eched Mx he layed on the floor and looked at the bo .
Max fo some ason stked him and h lion smled .
But sudenly he heard a nie , it as his mum."Max where a o ? " she screaed , the lion disspear in n secon , running .
So Ma alked ino her , nd aid " he mom , do n't worry lets go no the hoe . "
Max spend t rest of h y thiking in ha lion til he got ito hi room."what an mazing day ! "
Ma whipered to hmelf as he got in d that night .
Dear teace :
I am yor nw student , Zhn Xuan Wang .
I come om Taoyuan Bade .
I like ridn my bicycle in the steets .
I am stuying in Yu Feng high scool .
ot log a , I won first prize in math competitions in scol .
Presidntil eetion wil begi in Taiwan net ea .
I ok forward to result released .
All the time , we re lernin moe or ur various wishes .
My oa is an admission of Nationl Univerity .
Bst regards ,
yur student , Zhen Xu Wg .
continue e study
A one in th world has futre oa .
My utiate i is to contie my study .
unfourtunitly my previous stdy was in Arabic .
this atter prevent me frm chievig my Goal .
e mst diffucalt ra in Elish I suffer from is e wrting .
I have no sse in rading speaking or lsining .
As pat of my plan to improve the Englis skls , I dcieed to search on h internet for n fre poram which n hep me for he improement an in the English writing .
I found ur b site and thi my first ty .
.
her are many differencs between od computrs nd h ne ones .
or example , new computersare smaller in ize than t od computers , also they are faster a more efficent , they have bettr resolutin and a bigger memory to save files an the tff like pps
Trieste is a ttle town ituate in te nd - eas of tay .
We have diversied harvst le in he rest of the wrl , t nly in the hoses but also in every public buildin .
F eaple in our school her is the possibility to collec par ad lstic in different bxs .
In the as year soe poitical men hae decid to put in orde our iy , so for exape they p gin to place the rads .
In the iddle of the principal street , that is next to the sea , tre is a diidr with a lot of flowrs and plan .
So the ambiental impact is ve atactive .
We ave still many problems to sve in r ciy .
There ae n't oxes f rubbish in ever condominium , d we haen't th harst of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Ita .
Anoter poble is th h citizen of Triete do n't pay attenion at te ambiental problems of their cit .
For example , when a ma or a womn h ended to smoke he / she thros te arh cigarette t in t rgt box .
In other countries it woul be iposible , because if somone wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bl to pay .
I thin it wuld be important that , not nly in th amiy , but also in the school could be grow a new geneaion sensible to ecological roblms of t eth .
In ths way we can have t possibilit to hnge .
Hi .
Today a o of pole do sprts , u all sports re o mued .
It 's great for me write abou t port and health .
When I was cld I usally pla ih my iends of football .
I someims plyed at break of chool in the morning .
This sport was very hapie or me bt a day I boke my le an thn I never payed more of football .
I have to do jogging a ew ear go .
I ve fen finished very tired ecuse I neer do sport .
Because in ocsions It 's very bored .
Although I do jogging I also do othr sport the swimming .
I begn racise hs sport three yars a whn I lost my ok .
I uully go two ays a vek but the henxt month I am ing to go three or four days a week because I hpe to be a ocal competition .
I go swimming a plic pool .
Te pbic ol is near my hse .
On the o hand This spo is good for my health I sta fit .
On t other hand I have met a lot of peol , th are very friendly .
An fiall only I tel y that yo shul do some sport It is good for us life .
See o .
Jerry rad the email and ecded to go to the hoping cntr immediately .
At this moment he h wk up .
He noticed that he is trembling " it was just a dem " - he houht .
He had anothr we to find a birthday preset .
His uncle 's birthday honding him because he oes n't know wht he shoud y for him .
He already ad enquired aot ths all the family , nobod sn't ea wih oul be gd eough .
Then he found th he just wll go to te fishing shop an rques for help op asistant .
As he thought as he one .
It w eat idea !
h a was professional , n ga him accurate eces of advi .
He h bught h best of a presents .
Uncle Tom w delighted and proud of me .
Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to te ishng togethe .
Jer said tt he uld be privileged .
It emerged at hat young boy have a goo hed for ishing nd no they are alys go to e fisihng together .
I do n't ave a avorte sport .
I practise a lot of sports , nd nw I 'm going to tl all over them .
I ike runnig , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , c .
What I ike to run is to go h mountain a joy h landscape .
What I like to go bike is doing routes and very ln pts .
I like fotball because it is a sort ha I prctice fro smal and I think that is the team spot mor f and excting .
I like skiig because it is a sport tha I also did fom small I lie lare speeds a loe living at high altitudes nd enoying gea andsapes .
I li to cmb but it is a sort that I st sarted ... but I wnt to ep practiing it nd keep learning new things .
Te iss of taking cr of t environmen is very topical in e modr old .
Amount of garbage is encreasing at h sme tie wi encreasing aont of humans .
Te rwth of consumpon in developing countries leads to encreasin consumption mo negy , wer nd the sources .
olution of th ecosystems is groving to in thes counies as a eslt .
Ths problems are topicl in o ity yiv to .
Nowaays or local governmet is making some desisions for improving h situation .
It is goin to build several modern combstion plants , so programes for discrete rubbish olection r implementnig .
There are a lot of citizens movement xcept ofcial activities .
eple orginise common action for cleanin narhous territories .
Some activists plan out trees in spring .
hes activitie specially have a place in sprin and in utum .
I hope tha most of the big enterprises , plants an stions will be taken out of t ci brder .
ts days the tansportation bome so crawdad .we hav a o of cas in e streets .
there e a lot of accidents because man people driving so fast .
we should put ny cameras in h street to now how is cused of this accidens .
if ever body knw that hee ae a unishmen for what thy do and no boy ca sape fro wa he i I guess we wil hae a fw of transprtations accident .
Everyone is circious abot makng ban notes .
Now I will alk about TE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK OES .
Th bank notes is designed consderatel , workers need to design it bckgrounds coler nd artwork .
What"s more , h nts wll alo be printed onb ecrity issues .
hn , th notes wl be repared it metal plates .After that , priing , the noes will be printrd in clor on both sids with special nk nd it wil image sightly rased .
A ne piec of bank nots is printed completely .
Go par of them ll be ackaged ad distbed .workrs wll u te an deal with them careully .
Res of them ll be disposaled .
Da Jo ,
I hink tat Cádiz is perft plce to meet , bcause Cádz has cost , sea , and mountais .
e people is very nd nd funy , a is a vey cheap cy .
In Cádiz , in summer thre ar a o of portuntis to rk .
Cádiz is a beautiul cy and u oul enjoy a l of if worked her .
Cái h got a lot of amazing behes .
Almost , you are a great ahlete so , o culd teach suring , football or other sort .
on he other hn , in Cádz hre are a lot of bars , so , you culd fd a j with wier .
I hope I helped ou .
Sce I was seven yar od that I am on my city 's basetball team , ad I have no doubt that playing basketball is oe of the thing that I joy h ms in my life .
I like baetball bcause , besies e benefit ht it brngs to your health an physicl - ll being it is also a relly good hobby .
Another rason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evol th them .
You ls get to met a l of people in tournments or even in nomal games .
I really thn tht everyone hould y it because it is u nd healhy .
ar Mr. Yoyada
I am wting this letter fr a complaint about h CPU tat I ouht last ek .
I rder 2 NVIDIA GTX 100 but until w I do n't have my order in my hand .
I ed th CPU as soon as possle a before 17 march 2017 .
If ntl 17 March my oer t oe yet I wil ance my ode and I an 10% fund for my mey .
I think ou should be more on ime or you will get a a rating from your costumer .
Thank for all and I want my money bac if I not e get my c .
I hope I will get me rdr a I hope yu eill be more on tm r the ostumer ord shipping .
Thank yu
your Sincerely
Nowadays , peole ae getting oe independent , and more tha this prble , socety now nee to shw te ther this independnce and cnrol of their own lives , which includes cars , oues n materials .
On t n had , travelling by car can be an excellent wy to mov ourself or where yu ant to go , wthout going on fot to fid you bs station and bomes lss important if you liv in e centre of ou town or in the sububs .
Another advatage of travelin by car is tht y do n't have to spend time waiting fo yu other transpr , as so as you can avoi the cnfsion of pepe ha e in th subway sations every morning to et in th ine you want to arrive at work in time .
On he other and , public trasport are he ly resourc som eople ha to move on , and more ha xcellent to t enviroent , it 's also a od wa to avoid traffic d spend mone on petrol , onc it 's cheaper if you ctch a us .
Anoter disadvantage is ha usng he car can be useless in some stution , lke if you go to a football game by car , yo probably wo n't have a pace to par it .
In conclusion , ars wo n't let ublic transports be forgot , once more ta providing the only a some eole hav to trave , crs ae n't so convenient f some situations .
I think you must go to a large chol in the ton because here you can hve more friends d you an do a o of other thng that you n do in the countryside .
I rall wnt to go to a big sool in t ow because here in the countrysde I can go out wh my fends or go shopping wih them .
I the town yo can do everything un .
You n go to the spping , to h halfpipes , to th sateparks and you can do a o of other oo higs wt your riends but in the contryide no .
ut you mus go to the school that u want , his is jut my advice ok ?
I raly want tha you be happy ih your ne life .
A b kiss d a g hu
Anna
I thin that he famy and rends e the ost important in our liv beause if yo ae some problems they a always her n hy ry to hlp y .
Tse people can influenc in ou life f eample , if y hve a bd friends o become a b peson and you wil have probles in your le.so , your education depends on th people aoun yu .
It is nt imortan if thee people e frinds or faml , they can change our lives for better or worst , depend on you choose the st thin th it cn help yo .
As we kno , in ou da everythn is possible .
We have so man advantages tt make or les esie .
en e way of studying a chaged .
In eneral , peol have th possobility to study in libraries or usng the computers .
Stdying in libraries aks a lot of quiet and patience .
here o us n't spek lauer a o aways have to wait for your trn to orrow something or ou have to wait if another student s he ook u need .
Personally , I tik studying on a cmpute it 's a btter chooise .
I 'm not sayig ha us because of the as way by you c udy what you wan .
Studying uing a omputer ofer you the possibility to be more rlaed when you do it .
In this wy , yu a mayb read aloud .
If I were a student that usually stuie in a libary I wod defitely try to stuy on a omputer .
In this wy I wld n't waste a ot of tim .
If someoy sys tat there is no future fo publc tansport i mind immediately . today ther a to may vehicles in or treets .
the roads a chock a block.eerybody as a priva car .
people is thinking about comfortable life ntead of evironment and cost saving .
Hi , Shannon :
About my twn in h futur .
It il be vr different .
Meanly , the cange in the envronmet .
Al , evry ear , her are moe companies that produce dfferet types of polltio in or planet .
o this , I hik that t climate wi cange in 20 yers .
Therefore , the animl do o survive wit tis climate .
lo , he huan ca n't go to the teet all da , onl a f hours f he t climt .
T ie the will be harmful for everybody !
We need to do something to ae the world !
ht do you thin abot hs ?
Take cre ,
onhi .
h members of my Family are certain my ra best friends , whose i can trust and ak everythn without shameles or regrets .
I think hy ae ou firt fiends d our ist confidents .
l ds te prov hy are the ersons wose cr abot me .
Tionk about family 's routine .
Every mrning they tke breakfast togthr , speaking aout hngs n too important .
They listen to you , discuss r prolms .
Sorry r tang too long to get bc to you , it 's he d of the arter and u know how crazy is this prio for a ales man .
s , you can share my conacs .
I would like to understand the benefits of an BA at M and ho it would help me on my career .
Talkn abut the world cp a little .
Watching to our natioal teams gas , I go the conclusion ta we hve no need to cck our hart condition .
Braz d Nedelands mes were a real tst for our heath .
What do you think ?
I appreciate ur suport .
Kd Regards .
Accorin to he reality a lot of young eple are n't vy communcated in their ife .
Ty think their life is so borig and als very mad .
t I thin different .
For exaple in your childhood o are much more happiest than yur Parents because their job is not ver ay .
hey have to lo after thir childre a it 's ver stressed I think .
Mot teenagers ca n't uderstand that , ad they think that the job of their paents is o difficult .
Firstly , oug people usally calm do trough h music for example cassic muic .
But most of young society are not interested this te of mui .
for istanc they prefer o or ls rok music .
Through you listen the musc you an expressed yor emions ad hs is he most beauifu thing .
Secondly , tey like atchng series in a TV .
ha ma ther happy and additionally make loud .
Usually the wath criminal series beaus it 's vey intesting and raly mstrious .
Teeagers have different styes .
A lot of young mans lv weang jeans and t - sir .
Because it 's vr comfortable .
Bu girl lv werng skirt an nug shirt .
I thnk he style is ery impotat in our li .
Acros styl we n eress u emotions an feelings .
In conclusion life of yung people is not vry esy .
We have a o of unhappy day ad we av a lot of prblems too .
hi my ne is Adrin i am 17 ears o and i am footballer . I w born too be a footballer .
We we playing everyda footal in h school an I a the best .
I w ven better th te older chilren everyone ws tellin me too go to a team .
t i didnt had t do anythig , a team to whn i wa 11 years od .
h name of the tea wa Katsa .
i was at hi am fo 5 years and h made me ven better in football .
I layed my firt atc at 16 yrs old ad i felled er peial becase i w 16 and i was capal of putting 3 goa .
I playd so good tha eeryone gave me congratulations bu that s not ll oe of the est team of the world waned too take me .
I was very hpy and of course i agreed .
o my opnion , I 'm definitly gree with th .
Alrady , for ol 20 ears a t of thing beause of the technology .
And I thik hat iy 's ot a technology will chang but e people d their caracteres themseves .
Unfortunaly , for this generation thee wo n't be a real relationship , l relation will bcoe a vrtual relatonshi .
Th go ew is te aerage of people w cn ak advantag of t technology ca econome a ot of time because they might ve a sophisicate robot ca hep at home .
Acrding my experience , if we do n't eagerate h wa we use technologie lik internet , phone , satellite .
It wil be he good thin tt we cn spnd ou time r a goo thing
In ome people 's lives the ms important is to wear fashionable clothes .
On the one hand , I ink it is important tolook good , but sometimes e late fasion is not the best choiceto feel ppy and comfortable .
o eamle , n t hih - held shoes is ve trendy but it coss a ot an the most oman oes n't oo god in it .
On te other hand , h personality is more imprtant and determinative than an epesive rss , it is a fac .
Butif somebody ats to follo the lats fashion , I accept it , ecaue she just in hse clothes eel gd .
In cnclusion , my opinion is that the prsonalty is more iportant tan te clohes we ear , bu everybody hs s o life and a choice to decide what sh wants .
Transportation is o of the most essential prt of our d to a lie ; whther it is pplc or pivat , ransport takes the sme priority in each one 's life from te vy arly days .
Basically , we 've lan , ater and air tranpot r reliab pupose .
In the age bfoe e industrialisation cam in to exsiance , people wer also sing various alernaives to tavl from o place to aother .
The otly epnd on animal to me ar to ride on them .
Ten the technoogy improved gradually toards mechanica engines to make e transport more convinient .
The deveoped version of a those engines are use in the runig vehicles of land , wat a r hich ae our life more faster .
u in hs morn ea of globalisation , lobal warming is one of te prime concern of t rth .
And when we look at he modern technologies of tasportation , it glances no fuure f public ranport .
It is ineiably ue tt , excesive use of public transprt lads to higher leel of pollution .
So , it would better to go for ny thr alterntve of ree technoloy for futre purpose to make this worl a bter place .
Yesterday , I had a wondrful dy .In the mning I en to a Gaiian basktball trainin with a coach of Spanish election , hen finished went to my parets to a hotel to at d tay with some friends , ter the food ee with friend 's of my parents ad went to a theme park and we rode to a rolers coastr , it as very ecitig and we te a chocate c cream , it w delicious .At niht we we to a atch of Spansh basketball league , Obrdoio vesus Real Madrid and tat mac won e ta of Real Madrid and he I nt home to slep .
Ts is my wonerfl day .
when I find me in London , I 'm oin to h buckingham palace lcated in te ciy of westminster and I 'll see our at gallery and touist attracio of e British monarchy
contnue in Loon , I wil visit to the larges parks in London , he hyde park that hang a full day of guided oudoor games and activities o perservation thereof park
follow in London I 'll go for a wk to arrve at h g ben that is e mst beautiful bulldng in al its slendour whe I will tae pictures
later , I 'll take he udrground of Loon that is a public fast tansit syem , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the undergrond in he station wmley park I going to the wembley tadiu where I will njoy an evenng of football , the atc started at 8:00pm
My favorite nd is " cbjr " , it a brazillan nd , the tpe of music is rc n rap , yurs music a very easy to sige .
I really ke , in te moments when I am listernning turn up the radio , b he singes e ied .
Generally speaking , it a ben suggested that ied - sex educatio will improve to he degre of learning systm at schools .
In anoher way of sayig , ths kind of education syte shuld be inclue in the hole asses in all schools .
Howevr , I strongly bliee th the measuremet of education eve es not explicitly inerest wi se differencs in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of ecation lvl in h schools .
Eductin s a cucial part in one society an it 's ftue and by mprovin he leve of educatins syste , students a ear more effectively in thr ntre education lfe an their creer bt also their skills il be improved by this procs .
Nowaays , unfortuntely , students can not take eough educati from their schols whereas in some poor countries .
Their sstes a no lonr that god enoug and stuents will not make a good ceer for their uture .
On the ther hnd , by buiding oe effective learning system hich il provided by local authority , studens will ncouraged them ler mo efficient .
La of teaching way , po audience of h css , uantty of lering materials , for instance , l of thse matters ould be enhanced until he good qualit ha ben set up in the sytm .
Besies , by putting these kid of procdues , students will also in more espect towards career and their job .
Hopefully , he will reach not only arn ore money in their entie life but als society will have more development sape in any other developed counties .
It is true tht coeduction an otie e suent while they wo wth other e gup students , we ought to aso bear in mind , this is not only sotion to get best reul .
Therefoe , we shoul conside ther kinds of problems which afft on education system .
In a nutsell , based on th ove - mentioned pnt suc as , quality of educations system ot ony interests with ix - education b also it wil ed some good solutions in some subjects that menined .
It is personall cocluded at this kinds of developments wil be put int the acion for l schools shotly .
I ik my amly and my friens .
r that , is a plesure peak about them !
I am staring to introdce my faoite famil members .
My sstr is older tan me t ars .
h has an important person to me since my 8 yas .
Or parns separated in 90 , when I s 8 ad when he was 10 .
Since this ti , we styed very linked unil now .
We have a good rlation , s is my in friend .
She knws all about me .
My father is ohr erso mprtant to me .
I appreciate his a l , bcaus he stayed with me and my sister n h ife changed compleely .
He invested in our education and today he has much admiraio on u ife nd our decisions .
When I became , rst eenagr and ate an adut , I ne the majority of my friends , a god friend .
We ep a egular conac , we go out to dinner or take a coffee many times .
ore recently , I can nt forgot my huband nd my dghter .
Boh are very important in my emotionl staiity .
In fact , I fel thy e t most imortant ople in my life !
Hello efan !
How ae you ? Ho everything 's ne ,
al hre is great .
It 's be so long ine we last talk ... ad I have se great new !
Well , I 'm wrtig to tell ou ht ths suer I 'm gong to the UK , and I 'd le to hng t wi you om time !
It 'll be e ecod time I 'll vsit he UK , and I would n't lke to do th same excursions , so would you mind elling me ome good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Als , I 'd lik to invit y to my house here in pan , l my friends and I are hain a party and it 'll be fantastic if you wee bl to come .
Hop to e u soon
Love ,
osa
ur world is very polluted by public transport so we thi aout what will happen in te utue .Public tanspor cases many poblem in u environmet ch as , difficult reacin to the neest destnation , the polution , an causing disease .
We must think altrnative solutins for this prolem .
We face dificuly in reaching in our wn destinaion .
Many people ho go to her work ate .
Hence , if everyon s a prvate car he n go to is ork on ie .
Using he pblc transprt makes us rive le becaus it tops many ties .
With our prvate ar , we can do any tas in our ay , but using uss we waste our time , and mre efforts .
ses ru ith petrol tat cuses pollution .
Nowadays , there e some vehicle rn with electricit.we c derease polluin by usg electricity .
Hence this will help popl to be in a good helth .
In addiion , crwded buses cause affecion among people .
private cars reduce the afectio .
Crowdd uses sread epdeic in our sociy .
Finaly , we hope a healthy futre o ur e generatin . We want to rach our detination on time and liv in sfe lfe wthout diseases an poution .
my favorite sport is volleyball.i lay it sinc 00.my bt positin is numr 2.i used to lay it in acult of engneerig selecio.it mes me it ad lo .
i ike it very mu .
i ued to play it wih my frindes .
when i entr the egyptian med rces , i payed f the air efense forces tam .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyoe atens to la ths game , he should practic hard to be able to play it proffesoaly .
Further to the tde ai of te las wek wre we were a pleasure to meet you nd we wee tling about yu crses .
I am looking f an organizational develment crse .
Could I ave contact wh any of yu customer f more information ?
I am ailable to tl with you on Moday in the morning .
I am loing forar confirmation .
My favorte sport :
en I as a child , abou fur or fi year old , my father teaches me what was footbl , and I loved it b , I really liked the goalkeepers , wy I like football since childhood .
I think football shows o a o of eelins and xeriences .
I noy ootbll because it is a form to forget prolem d noy a bit , ecause when you re playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you on ae concntate at the game .
Football is a sport whe anytng c hapn , no alwys win the et tes and is unpredictable , there is n't a drm ta .
e ootball is a good form to do exerse becaue it is interesting ad unny .
And if you do n't lik do sport o can wtch h matce of the teams around the world .
Th ms iportat invenio is the mobie , because u ca do whtever ou nt in only one comunication evce .
Today , it 's smaller , faster and ceapr an before .
Not ol cildren have n , grandparents hav either .
B ith ti gdget , we have a ig problm : people are bcming isolte , we r ivin in our ow world .
o can do a lot of things using your oble , ke : cll soeone , ext , take cs , listen to music , ach movi , play gmes , wake u up ( larm clock ) , access te iternet , cck your e - mils , pay yur bills , acces the social medi , earn ho to ck ... the r mny more unthinkable things we cn do .
t now , childrn wan to have oe as soon as posibl , they do n't play hde and ee and play spots lie efore .
And one onsequece of this is thy have health problems .
Another prblem is if our mobile is stolen , he thie n acss al your personal li , he can check yr e - mil , see your phos , e .
n people are getin islated , ne I saw a mother usn yor mobile instead of akig care of r baby !
This is so a !
In th fuure , it il pobaly we can alms evryhing using mobie , but we might pay attention in o tis affects our life .
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earings alloation within regular families in o different yar ( 00 nd 200 )
overall , in bth year , the aunt of earnings allocation predomiantly om Housing the folowed by food / clohs .
There were a significat rise in the nmer of budget allcatio om both ctegories ( Housing and food / clohes ) in 200 and 2010 .
In contrast , Vacation / leisure and Misc ee dcrese over the same peod of time .
Regarding the pie charts , here were significantly inreased in the number of earings llocatio f Housn ad Fo / Clohs from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to abou 50% n 35% in 10 respetvely .
Hweer , the allocaio of household udget r Misc , which ws the least amng other catgoris in 20 ( aroun 15% ) , fel by 10% in 2010 frm around 15% to approximately 5% repectively .
Furthermore , thee a a slight decrease in Vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to arund 10% in 2010
Actually , the pulic transport show really no fuure .
Te governments dd n't had en givin good ide to imrve h publ transpor .
There e two god reasns f doing not e plic transport in t future .
Frsly , th no continue th construtin of mre ra lin of train to publ transport is a one reason .
Secondy , people do n't like the old buss in h city cenr .
Consequently , peope pfer mo in your n c .
On th other hn , I think tere are wo aspects that ca chane the actual situation .
h fist is , The govrnmet cn create a e pla os costuction of tains .
The second aspect is , people an ep to pay more ax to buy new buses .
As a result , we can have a public transport re comfotabl .
In my opinion , the pubc trnsport can ha future if al we colaborate us to improve .
nles we do so , I believe no future r e publc trnspot .
There r widely differing views on e isu of whether or t th benefits of study foreign langue in arlir ge outweig the drawbacks .
Some people ould suggest that learng nw language bere second scho discourage their uul laring and that would strugle ther nderstanding of ote subjects .
However , I personally beive hat te dvantages is oerwight .
The reasons fo this as follows .
Len ow to walk befoe learn how to run , the opponents cntend h chilrn conse e words a phraes ith the mother tngue .
Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference etwen firs language n the learning oe .
Thus , people view that chilen learn foreign language at primary school are worse than later .
Nonethess , I would contd that lerning foreign at primary schol brings countless benefits to children .
rimary school , e bs ment fo learning , children are easi d faster to gai knowledge .
o nly les udy burden when compare by secondary shol , bt they are ab communicatin with foreiges as ell as xtnd their societal network urng that piod and the lar ie .
Rath hn concern aut th challegs , childrn ould cnfront wth , it is partclarly advantaged f them to grasp foreign language during t elementary school .
By y of cocluion , I once ain reafirm my poition th advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outwgh tha the drawbacs .
Given that these cldren wld he a better development in the future as el as more fee tim .
it is a try of a oy , who alway find out t a to tas her ister suh .
on dy he got fght with her sister , even he made er cr.both of them st talking to ac ohr nd after soe day the o need lapop of er sister sukh .
suk ws so angry with hi becuse he heart her a lot , sukh rfuse to give her aptop and her brter start again fightig wih hr and even he slapped er sister .
sukh star crying n e said she is not ging to gie u my laptop unil you do n't fee sorry .
he brother pick er lptop and threw it and brke h laptop , hn boy close h door and ke at that ment he had md a mistake .
In my opinion peop 's lives will chage dramatically in 50 yers or so , because the orl is hangin al the im , and we have a lot of techology nd things to do .
People change their way of thining nd try to do new things .
What is more , te do not h sm things as their parents did .
To m p I thnk it is enevitable .
e dr of the room is cled .
Number 's ro w 666 .
He knew tht h was insid , waitig or the last conersatio in reation wit h life of Rs .
He pushed he door and come in .
Se ws sitting on te air .
en she saw him , she smiled .
Then she started alking : " Welome pretty boy , I am waiting for yo , lease st down " .
He ok a hir , saring her with rag . "
As y we now , rose 's life is yr hands " e said n keep talking:" ... You a th oy ne , that can save h ie , bt before ou must cmpy wt yor promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sd te .
en she ok th doumnt and saed readi in aloud voice : " With ts agreement ou ul is ie " .
Micha did ot no what tin .
He loved ose with s entire ol , a sul that is loting .
Suddely , he ook the agreement and signed with his blood h paper .
I do not are he tought , aybe I lost my soul but o he is alive .
Aftr th , Michael closed the doo an knw at at moment he had made a mistake .
on h last vacation I et to France , to Par with my cleague Sebastian for 2 ees .
On the first y in France , we bought a French croissant for breakast .
Thn we ent to he staium Prc de Princes where we cold t reach ,
and du to lc of kowledge of t language , nbdy wo nt tell us hic way to walk to th tdium .
By acient we r ito a good airy wo , with the young larned to all language in e rld ad ths led ou stadium .
We ae friends wi this faiy after one entire da walking wih r fe ik you we knew each other a lifetme .
After h irst week in France found ta in Pars there is a large crow .
For this reason , we ef wt a ew friend to Marsells , whe there s ss rafic .
We chose this it ecaus of no input into the ea and it as fimed taxi in whch he played a amous acto .
ter snding two eks wih a fairy in France , we had to go bac to school an fairy to do .
End .
Da osé ,
Ho e things ? I hav fished my exam yt . I cm back Liares to days go .
he do yu etun ?
I took bad diet . You might me th me !
T am had ma ta I do n't practise uc spot .
For me , the sport is very imprtan .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but wih l h xms I have abandoned to goods hbits of me life .
I di n't hv time free .
Do you prctise sport tis year ?
Hw are eating ?
oday I will sek with me mnger . I will intent drive less and I go to places f mysheft .
I will buy a bicle .
I play bike in the weekend .
My mum ays tha I do n't eat fruit or vegtabes never so I wl t mr fruits or vegetables .
In my opinion , te Dit of Gm is vr bored .
Do yo know new recet f ooking chicken ?
Do you remember Pete ?
He is very scular ow .
He told me to py pors ery day .
One day will be ike him .
We me soon mn .
Take cre !
Fran .
Last year I was in Londo with my frien , lena , Améi and riana .
At first we went to our hotel .
It is ear to the He ar .
We wn to e Hyde Pak and sat do on a bnk .
A our ate we went to th London ye .
It is really very vry big .
In the London Eye we can look all over ondn .
It is a ver ig it .
Then we go to the Bg n .
The clock is vy big and we stood there a long time .
Then we go to a red bus n drov to our hotl .
Ldon is a vr exciting it .
Speakin about eding .
Reading is e of the mst important hait .
Reading opens new horizons , made yo imgine .
e of he st favorite book for me is , h power of your subconscous mind .
tis bk tells yu w to use te power of you in , and ow to make yoursel happier .
I wish I uld spread the idea of readin aong young people .
Readg is a must f havg a grea nation .
letter writte to report , abou awf envirnment situati in my city !
Kiev , Ukrane .
we already did a lot , but still to do more eded .
first of all , rubbish factores should be sent bend the ity
eople who litte on th stres its on of the biggest pobles .
So my proposition is to post se informative letters and ostes arnd t ciy , and give igger punishnt for littering!Also frm the governent sd to incase of trash bins nd faclity tff members .
clients serc , customers support , conficts soluion
comilation of wedding arrangemens and bouquets
Pepl usd to ue ulic ransport a lot .
Puic ranspor is ver nconvenent .
as pices have co down a t .
Pople an afford ca easily .
Some eople ie vr far rom the b to .
Th hv to wlk a lo distnce to get to he bus stp .
Buses are ve coded .
Buses ak a very long route .
It aes u vr long tie to et to your destination .
If u hve a r u can get to your destiation in a sho time .
r own ake care of the enviremont of o neighbourhood er seriously .
here ar many paces ere you ca thrw aa our rubbish .
On these sits hee are different kid of cntainer for al sor of rubbi hich you a collect at hoe .
Like glas , plasic or papr -ontainers .
Te cenre of our town , where the supermaret is , ds lso hve a si r dmping ur rubbish .
In th suprmaket ou can fid a container for bateies .
Not only the supermartket ha thes containers , ty are so in the chools of the neighbourhood .
In my opinion his gvs a good example of he nvolness of the local government .
Anothe pint where I 'm pleased about is ha our town is kep cla by a specia roup of employees of or communit .
This happens weekly .
Tey walk arund in all the streets n ik up all the dumped matrial .
This make our neihbouhood a pleasant ace to be .
Fr the at I an say hat they o also put containers for al yu rbbsh , u even specal ontainer in te pak or he the dogs their ' pooh ' .
So this helps tat te chidre could ly in a much cleaner par .
Studying verseas is not only changing condion , t also facing many ots of unkno pressure .
Roughly speaking , there ar three causes of pressure .
Frst of a , the bgest prblem is studig .
It is not easy to adpt a new learning envionmnt , th lnguage is th bigest difficlt .
Students have to do assignments with anoher language nd use different thnking maer .
The seond pblem oud be fom peers ' stresses .
The culture shock is that international tudnts ned to overcome .
Studes want to mak n local frinds , but ultral cusoms and taboos coud be a problem to be notied nd adapt .
Lastly , the oblem is fo students temselves .
eving comfort zoe , and everythng is frsh .
Sudent have to confront d get ver every challenge .
As family a fiend do not accompa , stuets must do a lo om bsc living to uure studies .
It is ad to liv overseas lone , Therefore , making friends from he ae country n assist e another .
Besides , attemptng open mind .
To get along with international friends is a grea y to exnd horin .
Abu me !
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I was born in Danderyd hosptal but lved in Stockholm , whe I was fur I mod to Danderyd .
I have a i boter , he 's 14 and es on friberga as wll his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
My forite actiity is footbll , it 's very fny to play it wt al my frinds , I ls like to play floorball bt it is n't as fn as footbal .
I also ke to pa video game I lay with my fieds , my favourite aes is FIFA , HL , AV and som oth .
I hav live in stockholm , and in two ouses in Danderyd but no re places .
I do n't knw which is the st pls I have been in but e York was cool , u I actually like Fårö os is an iland nex to gotland ad I have ee thre since I s 0 yrs .
We aways rent a little cottas from a sheep farmer and ow we kow his family .
We aways goes to the beach whh is ery ice ad when it 's suny a wrm is better han the Mediterranean .
I do n't kno what I 'm proud of ut when I do a ce goal i gets prud because it 's feel good especially hn it 's an importa goal ha aybe change the gam .
I oul ke to be the best football player in he world , a Yotubr or ke over a big company .
It often hard to go up in the morning , I alwys hik js e oe minute n thn I fall asleep .
I asked my parents nd they id ambitious , curios and considerae .
I do n't know if I can gre to that but I listed to tem . :)
I do n't kn wha I like pople to no abot me .
That I hve been dancing for two years but I stoped bcaus I dd n't had me .
I old lie to pla a Word up game and I also want to in chapions league .
I do n't hve a favurite ove , I ike many but the movies I lk the most is funny an acti .
I do n't rea so mch boks .
I li a lot of sng but I thk it 's Let 's Do It gin it J Bog bcuse I like th singer 's oice , it 's a ot ong a it 's easy to sing to .
I also lk Soln Dance wh Mly Chnce becaus it 's a ot song .
I do n't only like soft musi I als li p musc an ouse msic .
I like to watch Soth Park it 's really nny d I av almos seen every 17 seasons I al like to wtch youtube videos every day .
I like a lt of food ut the mot meat food is oo n pizza .
My favourite retarant most ae god meat ad be realy nice .
My favourte memories ut be very suer on Fårö .
To : Touris Office
From : ELiz nna
ubjec : Shopping facilities
port on the shopping fciliies in Katowice
Introduction
Te m of this repot is to describe and asss shop , hch uld be interesting for torists .
The majrit of people visiting Katowice are focused on ree aters : sovenirs , fashon and fod .
Souvenirs
It seems at thr is not any pces in city center where yu cn ind souvenirs like postcards or books about h histo of towice .
Fortunatel , vistors would nd al of that in the urist Information Oice nd in shops on t ouskirts .
The on , ich is really woty to see is " Kato - Svenirs " .
They provide all sorts of funny oal gadget .
ahion
My favorite sort is football .
It 's e mt opuar sport all over h word .
I enjoy it because it 's ell nown and easy to find partners to play with .
Wtching football is also a wonderful experice .
My fvorite international league is e Eglish premiere laue .
My advie to anyone who ill start is sport is to start it earl and pl it regulrly not to loose fitnes .
As joinig a tea will be a great idea .
T environnt is an important part of our life contributing in a posiie way in our part of life withot ee concrn about mportan parts r us to survive .
Humans can easily damag h environment just thow heir waste without recycling or run the places where animals ae living .
Defors t woods can damge the cle of natur .
Withou oret ca n't be animals an the huma being can dispper .
Some people do n't ve cr and just h do n't to ern moe deforests the trees and el to do furniture .
They even a nt plant oter trees .
I notic that in supermarkets are usig so mch plastic just to cover a small ing or e usng mn plastic bags without even thn o vulnerable is r t environmen .
I used to lie o a ort time in a place whee word recycle as comletel ignored but they used to thi bease that was n't so rich .
Whe I live now I notce that have he opportunity to recyclin h ate because it is a posh aea .
In my oinio I tik the govrnmen suld take cae of all ea , een is a poor or rc aea .
Te pollution has a negative contribution to the environent .I saw on television tha wild birs are healthir in rural area han brds from ura area .
Birds from rban area is diffict for them to nd a proer food instead .
Some peope from area which I live tey used to feed te birds but others they do n't even ca .
To keep all the nare aive we ust conribute everyne of us for future generation .
Taveling by a is mor comfotable than public ransport , easier a faster .
you c go by your ca d at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
you mus not ait for your car t you must wt the publc transpot .
you do not pay a fees to tavl by you cr .
The m toy is to provide ou with the description of a best friend .
ik is my st fren , I mt h hn we were studying in e priay school , then we ee six or sven years old .
Aterwad , we went to do std at different schools , so , we were separated fro e yas .
Moin on to the physical decrition , I nt to talk aou that Kik is a ma really high , his height is 1,95 mter .
He s a tong oice . that with his apearance , lok him impressive .
Concerning his personalit , he is vy friendly , generous , optimistic , plaul and enstive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always elp me with l my pofessional prbemns .
I wnt to tr to is obbes , when he is n't workng , he is iing on a bike ,
eery eenig he taks t bike and rdes acrss some paths or more ha forty kilometes by day , so he is very gd rid and its qte strong to ride it im .
To conclude I wnt to say that I 'm the godfthe of his eldest son .
My wfe is a ery spcil person to me , I lke er very sh .
I met er in Uniesity 20 year ago , he is 4 years youer than me .
She is in h s .
She is tall , Slim and straih .
In adiion to that She has a pretty face , dk skin , black ee nd lo brown hair .
Se is very kind , sensiie and quiet She aso has an atractive peronality a a big heat but she is very ervou .
Sh makes a gea food to us , I like to cook wh her d eat from her nd ;
Sh alas wor hard o u family .
I lk to go out wit r , walking and talig .
ong eople e t most interested in fashion nd computer gaes .
Girls uualy follow the fashon blogger ad the fashon magine .
Boys like folowin channel on yotbe .
Tey lk take pattern moded on older people , w ar popular on he Internet .
Teagers are interested in music too .
They ik exchange their opinions out w sta .
Peope who e a cubs intereed in turin the idls .
In this e people like beg better tn thei friends and tey le distinguish neelf .
Hi , my nme is Jhn Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
I am writi to appl fo your job ffr .
I have already worked in suer cmp in ance a in Ily r chldrn aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic n hardorkig .
I usually work in the kitche so it does n bother me .
Moreover , I am willig to hlp oganie spos or evening activites .
Moreover , I do le looking afte ildren .
For instance , I take cae of my epews ne a month bcause nowadays my brother is often bus .
I can go all over te S ithou ny problems a I an hlp the staff to et roud if needed sne I have the driving lense .
Theefor I hink that I am t suitable person fo he b .
yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my family ..
l love t plce , nie decoration of restauant .
the waiter come to us nd ok te order .
my family order h dinner but l odered pecially piz and oe bcaue l lov piza .
we ate h fo a enjoyed a o .
l loe that day ent ith my famly ..
l ish l have co at weekends it my famil and frends .
Ti rpor is bout hw my ciy taes re of th environment .
The eoltion of my city is mre or lss similr to the evolution of my cuntry .
I am living in the center of Sai , in a small iy .
When I was child , my cy was drty becae people wr throwing their rubbish on th loor .
owevr , a f ears ago te government has ad more attention to he environmen to our country ; for exmple they made a ot of advertisemen on televion , in newspapers nd on te internet to explain at t ubbish is not good fr ur wor .
Noways , we c see in l street a lo of ins and it is difficult to see rubbsh on e floor because mny people a cleaning h ty .
Also , ildren must clan teir chol on a mon .
Tee ypes of actions produce god habits in r society .
In the futue , we us do an effort to improve our environment bcause we will wa to give t sae word or if it is possible a better world than beoe to r sn .
No bod a deny that transportation is on of t most important thins in our life .
No counry can live without trnsportaion as it 's te real manin of connection between ach oter .
Car r much onvenient but this n mean tht al othr ens of transportation are not important .
sometimes may popl wnt to tavl faraway alog disancs so they need plane .
ter people refr to rave by trns as it 's faster a more cofrtable than ars .
Man ounties ik to ravel by bikes in orr to decreae the polltion hich appene by car exhusted.to my point of view i prefer traelling by cars hch is more comfotable .
Now in every country we hve lot of transportation means as plane , trains , undgrounds , cas , hip , and rockets .
public transprtatio is the mean reaon to delivery people everywhere in a sall tm . in the past t d to use camels to avel which wste lot of ti nd tiredness .
Today our life is running by cloc .
We eed a vehicle to reach our rk pace .
If we use or public trnspor srvices .
we y be late to office / workin place .
So we ust use he personal vehicle .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is t comfr for us , but environentally the blic transport is suitable to decease the pollution ad our enrg sources also decrease .
In Lulin is a beautiful cstle .
It is my favourite lce in Lublin .
It is octed next to the Old Town .
It ws built in wefth century .
h cale 's look is in the Ne - othc style .
At e cast is Hy rint Chpel .
It is in a Gothic syle .
It was ult as a foundton of Kn Casimir he Gre .
hs is ne of te mst valuable monuments in Poland .
There is a twer by the csle in the Roman tle .
Tis tower is a preciou onment of roman art and it is one of the odest building in the Lubin .
It was a part of e orough casella .
Catl als s a coutyard .
N on the castl is a museum .
It to belong to t olds and h biggest museums in eastern Plan .
This museum has a monuets of the suerioity .
In my opinion it 's the one of the ms fascinatg place in oand nd te most wonderful site in Lubli . I think that everyone should viit ths castle .
Th restaurat hat I will talk is Wody Pool .
oody Poo is in pin .
Thi retaurant has a good atmophee bcause it is always peple lahing a talking bou funny tins .
e food in th restaurant is ery god and a a ubnoral size because it is mu biger than the useful fod .
h famous dsh of ths restaurant is a huge hambrgure
hs restarat wll be an amazing place to the cll meet there ecaue like I id efre the atmosper an fod are amazing .
In my opinio , public transpot il become more and oe importat in the ftur . Travling by car maybe is conveniet , but it also brings ar pollution and traffic jams .
If in a cit there we only as , e city would n't afford nugh parkng os and rods , all t cars would m the cty , and people ould n't e thei destinations .
On the other han , ca need more gsolne ta uss which let out O nd other kns of wse gases nt th ai , leading to te serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to devoe much or oney and time to mrove t publ transport .
Publi transport il have brigh utre ; on e contar , travelling by ar will vanish fr u lie .
My fvorite way is Train .
Pane is most fastet in another a to tavl .
Hwver , plane is mo dngerous y to tavl .
Bot is the mot cheapest in nother w to travel .
However , boa is ms slowest wy to travel .
So , trin is intermidiate way to tarvel .
My favourite sprt is boxing .
Because I lke boxig .
I lke fight , bcause I ke to i someone .
I start this spot wen I as 11 year old , my dad et me go to bo and I stt hat spo .
Then I started to go wit my friends .
I stared leading trener in the competition and I lov ti sport .
My favourite boxe is Floyd Mayweather .
He is very good on his sport .
ody , the people use more cars , whic eas to more as on he street , traffic and polltion .
I think is bete the da that te people to se public transpoation inted of usng prate cars or motorcycles
Frstly , people do not ave to buy thi own ars .
Accordingly , peole do not have to spend lots of mey on gas tht they have to fill te tank .
Also , they do t have to nd a place fo parkig as well .
Terfore , these a the reasns hy I agee with th orm to lower the congestion and air olltion by encourage people to use less priat cars and turn to use more public trasportatin a othr forms r trasportatio
It was a cld day at night hen I was at ho watchin my favouit programme on my telly called " dre to win " , I w with my brother , whn we decidd to all , The rogrmme is abo quesions o h contestants th mt be answer in corect me , nd ther is a different things fo the wnner .
A f minute lar we ee listening ourselves in th programme , we were so neros but it w exctig f us , o goal in te programme was get a fr ickt o te ms poular electronic party in the orld .
Despite r nevous we did it well ! and our dem co true , ea , we 'll be glowing in te dark !
Funding for t English anguae Club
As the secretary of the English anguag lub I am writing you this prposal to persude yo as to hy it woud beefi both te students , and the colle if we old receive funding from ou .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writing to aply r h b in the USA , published in an adertisment , last Mday .
I had rcetly fnishd my couse of english in Camrdge , also I have a resh n improve English .
In rde to help organising on pors and evening actities , I am a yng pron of 12 years od .
Man eople sy hat there is no future o pbli trasprt as cars a now so much ceaper and eaer to buy .
Additioally , because pubic trasport is expesive and doe no have a comprehensive coverage of os cits private cr r more attactive fr mt poeple .
De B .
I went to our new shoppng centre at wek at t downtown .
Atually I am er hap to ell you tht we have a o of nw stoe , ncluding apple 's sto .
Long a we d no stores to bu rodcts or whatever were o neds .
However ro ow one we n buyin what we really need , on e oth hand this shping may help a ot of people get bak working aain .
A few weeks o I wen into pple 's sre , so tht I bought a ew mobil phone , it is awsom bcause it has reliab tools which allows me ong my daily wking .
Soe pple ay that a rip by ar is me covenient hat by t ulic transportation , bu hat sttement has a lo of issues if we thk about he limitations .
It is true at trael to a neby place rm your city , it is moe cofotable getting her by ca , nd th ee of have your ar to t whrever you an wthout spendin money and ime aing abs .
Bt , the public transporttio hav a lot of futur aase a o of reason , irt th im , if te place yu want to reach finally is really ar th dfferent yp of vehicls of public transportation will t y there faster than your car , alo t complictins bout t field , like if yo nt to go om America to Europe thee is no hgway that cos h ocean o nee an airplne d unles yu ave n , you will can t reah travel etwen continets ith or car , a diffent reson is pltics , because if you wnt to go from anywhere in he UA to Alaka you wi not need to pass thogh Canaa , the cmmodity is a really iportnt reasson becue drive for 8 hours is exhausting d it will be unsafe also , th enomics is a factor to , becue the ttition of yor car it will be more that in the normal use a te pre of food and extra tops ht you will need to do , it il be xpesive that in pubc transportation .
In concusion , for me it is a i that the pubi transporation has no fure , hwevr , te ave to make improvements to this like the u of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as slar , haeolic ( wind ) or idralic(atr),Also there r biodise , and gasoline xtracted from seaweed .
And he ulic transportation il be ore important in a f yers than w .
Da Anne . Tnk or ou ettr askig aout my fmil ad my Frins .
Saying that , my famly is te best and they ove me muc .
I ae a father , a mothr nd a brother .
My brohe lives in Bacelona with hm gilfiend d he is vey happy wit h .
I liv with my parnts in Lagartera nd I am ver hap as ty hep me .
so , I have very Freds .
ey are wonderful because he a alays he I need them .
Noaays , It is possible to in any knd of Tvs progrmes you an and yes , I consider tha there is vr mu spt on elvision , but , not too muc .
The way of life of eple hs bean more ad mre stressful .
When somedoby to et at home he wants oy relax in ront of elevisin .
Beide his , Tvs companies hae unerstood sprts provide ths relaxess moent , mainly r mn .
Then It pt on Telison moe and ore sports programmes .
In this ew , I conder , though , there is ot of sprt on elevison , they are not too much , ecause the pope av oke for it .
In concluso , I thi that T compaies only an to se their product a he pepl want to have their relax moment th t sors rogrmmes .
La smmr , we went to Códob to atnd a very important dne ompetition ...
We lf from ou city on Moda , and we arrived Caros Pz on Thursday .
We stayed in one of the ot beautiful otels in that place , wt a ni vw and it nice eple around .
When the a ame , we prforme an amazing crography n we went ak home with 3 ld medals .
We really njyed this experience , us becue we shre it as frien an we took ace lessons wh the most professinal and privileged ance teachrs of the orld .
The album Aerica Beauty/ Ameican psycho is te sixth lbum released this ear by t well - known Amrcan rock and Fa out boy that s a huge followers in several counries .
Th lum with even tracks hat eac top one , o a old ad silver ceriications fr te best - selling in dvere countries as te USA , nada and the UK .
This American bn is known or ther lyrics that od something different rom othe the bands somehing cls to a moconal statement .
Even in this albums that he bad bandon hei wn root and add a bt of the pop genre in it .
I realy recommend this alum becase of te lyics and the sound ecause it catch yo , almost like a grea poety .
I agre wt the statemnt tht eole 's ive will chane draaically in the ex years , fr previsible reaons that I will explain in follwng text .
Firstly , the biggst reason tht people 's iv will extremely chan in t uture is because of technology .
Technooy is increasing in all the world .
New technoloy has impove ystems in many reas soiet , mnly in Information Systems .
h Information trhough of th nernet , had bem each day ore quikl nd it is reaching l part of the world .
Furhemore e things d proces is in eoluion .
Lfe of people is turning easiest ad comfortable .
On industries , the b machines is making nw products for or welfare .
Althogh , t advancement of technolog , bside han bring advntages fo everyone , it 's ao ill ase disadvantages , such as unemplyment bcause mchins will make the same or work beter tha humans .
that 's why I agree tht pele 's live will chge ramatially in the next 50 yars .
SA Sume Ca , I am inereste in he vancy of the summer cmp .
I 'm heerfully , diligently ad organized prso .
n also I lve children .
I am acustome to work with childn because the last two summr I worked in smer camps and I have tw litle sitrs that I ve them and which I pnt a lot of hours take cae of thm .
I am a hardworking n a committed eron in l aspes .
They re the eason why I 'm great for these b .
Also he last ummrs helped me to be preparig on more things tha t cilden demand children .
For an examle I learned about the organization , how contrl big groups of children , n entertainng activities for chldrn .
I hope you gt intrested In my application .
I wil be wating fo your anwe and tan you f the time .
Nadays , os to buy a ca that n ta the who family is nt expenie aymor .
Car is not an expsive thing to have anymore .
As we now , e privilege havin a travel by car is more convenient than by pulic transpor .
We uld stop in everywhere we wan to sp .
We could vit eery place wih no limitation time .
If her was somene who sked me " What is yor favorite sprt ? and y are u enjoy it ? " I ould tell tha my avoite sport is soccer and it could t me know how important th team ork is and I oul alwas el tha there ws a kind of poe , like somone putting me into the water fm th high place , to push me running an kicking the all .
I ha to sy that feeling was really aweso .
It made me feel like that happiess is running throgh out my ody .
I wl suggest peope who want to strting th ort , fir yo must find fi to i friends to mae a team , and then ook for other friens to make aother team , so tha u can figt it ter to get the score .
second , all o ve to do is ar yr body , if you do n't warm it before the ac you might ur yourself .
Third al you can do is play r fn wth yu frieds .
ht is it th be ?
Public transport , our cars or natura transport as a bi .
My techer said that public transport hs o fuur in ur oiety , bease travelling by car si so mch moe adecuate , nve the ess I am digree with her opino because if we use ublic tranport we wl polute ls .
No one a deny the importance of travelling .
Without travelling people would be very bored , li would be very monotue .
So , in the fuure we ill dispense of tpes of tasportation .
In these das , we use cars to travel between untries .
Cr are very easy to use .
Peole ca n't ispens of cars tse days .
Families ca n't dispense of cars .
So we should ow he rght ay to drive .
We should be careful wh we drive .
We should be careul from careless drivers .
We have searhe to fin the del of 300 kw turbine on Zafana and we di n't fin 30 Kw turbine in zafrana .
The Capacity of sed wind turbnes on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw accordig to this ite .
We seched n fun e 0 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red ea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 30 .
which capaciy and model we il wr on it ?
Noway eople ar ing cars alot .
In t at , it ws n't like ha , peope had n had ars , they we only re on puplc transport .
They had no hos , becuse life ws difficu , no money .
There we not company cs.but n most people have crs .
Thr e a w people e sing pulic trasport , lik students and omone had w income.in my ve , i c y miht be t puplictnsport going to e close because nobody is going to ecloe
Last week my class nd anothr on wt to a scho tripi cily .
We viited an ities lke Taormina , Sracua , Agrigento , arsala and Trapani , an we saw a ot of monumts of Geek history .
We stye in three diferent hotels and one y , we went al to t ea in Giardini Naxs .
e est thing I sw was he Valley of the temples , beaue hee wer a lt of nient temples an monuments ad ruine and they were rally eautifuland also the panorama was mazing !
hat day , there was a gea time and it wa suny ad hot ; I took a t of photos and I learned new particular bou hese impotan buldings .
It ws a fantastic tr a I hope to do silar tps like hs !
eple a interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
hey are looing for nw experieces .
Nwaday , a very popular topic among eeagers is existence cosmic cretures .
To be hont I do n't believe in f .
on te old recorded a lo of cases wer e u s se .
ufo story tartd alredy in antiqut .
on the wls of caes are sktche and paintigs ich sow srange creatures a fying sauceres .
universe is cossaling and til we are knowing littl about it .
mab we do n't be alone an ufo xis ?
in addition more an more scientists agree with alien ealy exist
I am person ht like going to do exerise , or this reso I lik pratis some spot , but the truth is ht my favorite sport all round th wold is the soccer .
I beive th play soccer is an excellent acivit , because in eer game tt the people c le alwas has to exist me rules .
his kin of rul re very important , in my opinon , bause wen you do an activty and cmpy with h rules you a eig a eter person .
He is imortat person because he is a presiet of government in pan .
He is ery ambitious and polite .
He as been on several law aain panish citiziens .
He tuded at iversity a Degree in Law .
When Aznar ws president of government before he , he was lke miister .
I have played is sport for twelve years o this prt as tuht me to resect the ote o asault to i.there is t only resn that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I wol n't lik to be nothin in th counr tht a a rue trong dominated the wak.when I put my feet in h g i foet everything shool , hom ... therefore I enjy it .
I ca n't imagine my ie witho taekwondo it is my boo , my soul.aekwondo it is nt a violent ort as many people y but wt o have to know is what in the bai and the heart of players .
I just get e 1st eree international blac belt a I wou like to tell to anyn he just starting ts sport us your abilities and sills o the rih things .
A try
hi is my ol brher 's stry .
On da , my old brother went to pak ere we ote go to pay tennis , he saw a b ho held a re at rid on he branh , o kowng what to do , he strnded bhnd a big tree and loke at e boy .
A few minutes ao , se boy who looks ike elderly ha my l brother losd to the poor lttle by , h little boy stoped cried , he looked on sme b , my brother felt frai becae they loo like ru , but he still wanted ep the little o .
ddenly , a rue oy grabbed he little oy 's clothes , h litt boy was cred louly , my brother was outrege , rn to the ub bo n attached h .
Te ittl oy oe and more sadl , teas olled don from is eyes , my brohe pt hi , he av e ittl by s smartpho ad open a od usic , the ltle boy stopped to cied n tarted to miled .
Evening , the little boy 's mothe took h he , he told h mother that what apens tday , i mote smed to my broer , n took the lttle y gone , my broter smiled and en ome .
It w a sunny day lke very day Sara woke up and had a beafast with her children then e wet to her jo .
Wen sh h arred her ofce she had a phone ca from the hospital .
hey told er tht her brother had a ar accident first of l she hoked
Then she wnt quicy to e trai satin and e bought ticket to London when she w in the train e had other hon cell .
They told he that she has to bring $ 100,00 so they c do h sugey to her brote
The woma 's me s Sra .
h came from a poor family an h live with er hilren .
He uband was ead a log im o .
in a car accident , when she her what hapene with er brothe she was so nervous then t miracle haened she found a b suitcase in the train she decided to on th bag bcause no one wa in t tran so he opened he bag she urprised we s saw a lt of mony inside the bag .
however e took the half of the money ecase of her brther .
Atr that she went to the osptal
a ai the money f er broter surgery .
h srgery was successful .
Chihe - Itza is n of the seven wonde of th world .
It is locaed in Yucatan , Mexc .
It is very imprant as pe hs w a iy and a ver important ceremonial cent .
The Kuulkan ower is t must imporant part of is place .
Tee are oter areas ke " El juego de pelota " tis means h Ball Ge , tere is so a ry impotant " Cenote " whe hey us to sacrificed pretty youn gil to thir oods .
Ou Futur 's Lve :
Te pst alredy hapeed , we can not change it .
Th uture we do not know what 's oing .
But h present we lv it , we live the moment and benefit fom it at t maximum .
If you ask someone aot the future , answers will be diferen ut all il be around two ai topic , Thse last are either optimist utur or pessist one .
As fa as I am concerned .
I do beieve that pple 's lives in the futur will change toard the bad .
No because I am pesimist b due to sevral factors ad codition alw me to divulgue my opion .
Firsly , we e living in unstable wod .
It is re that eve da we have ew innovation which help people and mak thei lf mre easier .
But fro ie 's exeriences we a learn that e iddn target of hman is n to help eac ter to lessen th urdn of if .
Human r looking for a power and he are plying forest law , h stongst et the ekest .
To ilustrate .
her are a categorisation of countries , thre are develope counies , emerd one nd on th way of dvlopment countries .
Who classified tose countries like this ?
whare h critria of his rnkng ? ad ...
Thee questions d a lot of qries of ma pople looking for conveient answer .
Hence , The abo indicaes dtils support te idea tha there wll be a cane in people 's lives but in negativ side .
In addition , A general viio on te hman innovation ow that th mjorit of people ceatons have bd effect , this effct eist ven in eole 's lie or themelvs .
And unfortuately hi bad impact exit amot in all lives fied .
For exmple .
Chemcal drugs can help peolle to heal n mprove from diseases but ve anoher hide effect .
is effect always leaves people sufferig later after the usa .
Therfre , The afformentioned inoration above show that our future n be worse than our reent .
To ummariz , People 's ife know a fa change a develoment , t generally this evolutio affecting people .
Should live in stbele and peaceful worl .
We must top all wrs , conlict a impose uma beig principls and alues .
The restarant I 'm going to rview is called Tinto y Rubias and is ocatd in dontown Montideo .
It is specialized in barbecue , beers nd wines .
The infrastructure of e ace is quite wd and in e front side you can see a huge elcom sg .
The restaurant has a rustic design an it has otoor tables .
The service prvded by the restaurant is xcepional f xamle , th waiting tie is very shot .
A it is very wel ordered .
In trms of food quaity the eve is extraordnary , tey are well knon for tei ost mat .
Thee will be a future r public transport .
Petrol wl r ou in a e years .
We can produce electricity by creating wind wheel d wate wheels .
Trains are going to be ed evermore .
Public ransprt is ging to be ed moe th ever .
ere wo n't be enoh space on the roads or cars on day .
Thr is a hotly dbated iss of that whehe studet should take at leat one ya to ork or travel before they go to university .
And the tpi of peple 's vie can be approached from different angles du to its compexty .
Sme people prefe this " g year " theor while others seem to refer diagre .
After careul coidering this issu , I al dvlop my own poin of view .
I favr the formr statement , th is , I thik student should have a gap year befre they go to universit , bsed on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I agee wih u about the future fo public ranspot .
I am sure that there is a god fture f it .
Ery day , te combustible that we et to our cars is mor xpenive th ue the public tranport .
Nwaays , people use their car to mo for work , f holidays ...... bu if the petrleo were cheper , tey could travelled vry muh .
It coud be a good iea if e tas ee ceper than the axes of other hings such a tobcc , lchol ....
Thu , people culd sen their free tie travelling and having a go te .
ha do you think about that ?
lhough traveling by car is rely interesting b still using public transpot h its advaages , by using public ansport you 're saving effrt when riving a cr for aog distance you wl ge ird , some people do n't have enough ony to buy their n cr .
I saw you uploading the at ito the glass bttle in Faebok .
I want to gv you a few wods .
Maybe you ust ink it 's fun but it 's ben a go caus for ou cat bease of yu 're joing .
If y wn to raise nimal , u must ke ce of it , ove it an trat it like a fami .
Although it is nt human , hy al have feelings .
You raise it once , it would rgar you as the owner .
ou r only rlyin on it .
I hope you will deie to ca do not let it hurt in futur .
Furthermore , yo aue cat hs violated ot ony te ethics but also te law .
I hpe you cn take down photos of being abused the at and you can eally eflet . Do n't repeat th same mistakes .
To kp the ct is not a simple mater which need to real love nd go cr .
So you decided to kee the t must be th be , yo cn spend more time with the cat .
At n tim to pa attention to the cat hs t been sick .
The holiday you n go r a walk wh a at .
It is t difficult to do the thing .
As long as you re determined , o will be able to become a good master .
Th digrams below sho h fve stages aboout te process of making bank oes .
sign is the ist sag , whch cntain three parts : background , artwor and secrity issues .
fter preparing of metal laes by killd machnists , it aes sheets of bank .her are tre requirements ot it : colour on both sides , pecial i nd mage slighty raied .
The most iortant sep is Inspection : printe shets manually inspected .
if yo pply job like this ut be th pson h alreay been aplied this jb S SUMMR CMPS
Why should I took at th j ?
Becas , I really ov to or with people all of ae , d I ould like to appreciate have thi ost ad I 'm energetic and hadworking peso .
Terefore , to look after childen aged 8 - 12 years o is n't eay tas , but as a father or parent o st always given th gd care in terms of our respnibilities .
Working in the kithen man to do ll about i.e cleaning n washig t foor .
bet regards
Thre is no fture for public transport , th is true , but I hnk that peopl e very comfortable d do n't thnk abut t evronment .
On te othe hand , te public tanspor is the cheapest way to tavel , although people do n't ink of that spet .
Secodly , you c drve your a everywhere , It oes n't tter what time it is or whee yu would like to go . Travelling by car is mc more cnvenient and comfortable tn travelling by s , by subwy or by tin .
In you car o c put inside all bas tht ou want to take .
hes aspets or avantages e tat I can say about this oic .
Hello .
My name is na , I am a very cheerul ersn a I hae a craive personality so I enjoy planning activities or organise spot eents in a special and colorful y .
I really love childrens nd take cae of them , I also a an exeriene of woking in summer amp and have a good experience doing dlicious food ecase I alead did tis stuff in ote caps .
I thin that I gave good resons nd I hope that o will accet me .
Goodbye , nna .
el phone
I chose ths invention that I think tha helped to humanity to communicate mor eail ,
Motoola It a the first doing smehing to a mobile pone as on 3 pil 1973 he frs to do so as an employee of Martin ooer
Cooper mae mobile phone histoy in Aril 1973 when he mde the firs ever call on a handeld mobile phn
fter at , with the new technology ty could ivet new and better dispositives for the needs of users
" taen from http://www.uswit.o/moies/guides/hstory-of-obil-phones/ "
Der diary
Today was a good day , t ery y is as goo as ts w .
It stard ith tat a wo up around seven a lock nd i was n't ired at l .
I walked out to the kitchen and saw my other ooking breakfast fr me .
It smelld terfic , and teasted so go .
It was panncak and g with bacon .
fter tht i poleder with my broher t in the garden .
Ty usaly do n't n to be wih me bt today we played all day ong .
It was so fnny ad i could n't stop smiling .
e weather ws Aldo good tdy , h sn a sinig and tere were no clod in the sky .
EstiNe Technologies Inc. rovies reiable technical supports to o valued customers .
Tehnical support c be provde through mals , telephone cals , or video conferencng .
Diferet lels of technical suports can be arranged and urhased at different prices .
My we and I went to Ushuaia r ou days b at te secn day we relised ha my we a forgote r glsses so we decided to come back .
Wn we arrvd there wee a lo of Matias'friends in our houe listening oudl uic , playing games d drinking .
We told hem that d to leave ur house immediatl .
hen evyone ws out , we old of Matias because he organised a part witho o permission .
He told us that he was rlly embarssed aout what had happened a he apologysed for her atttde
In my opinion , in utre peoe do n't be use pblic tansport .
It il be not tredy because everybody will ave s wn c .
hee cars will be ed alternative energy , or exampe nery of the Su .
Th mode science ry to find ew , more economic ouces by energ .
do you have et friend in you life ?
wha the meanig of frid ?
frien is eople who will be tere in our rd tme nd hpp time , ad friend is alays encourage y all things you chose in your life .
friend is alo be here wen you sa an wrse ime . there is n ex'frind so respect your fend and ty wil more respect to yo .
Secondly , te sudent hae a goo bod sape an easily to ae ew friends , ad joinig a spts team alows students to maintain gd bdy shape .
For instances , te students joining te sports team needs to do sm basic psical training to maintain ther body shpe .
According , the b or girl hve strong muscles can let them lok more attractive .
Therefre , e student joining a sort tem can mainain good bo shape and it il e tudnt become easier to make new friends .
Peter looked at hi watch an ke he had to do somethig immediate .
It is sa that when you uvive to a station which h ade y be at the limit , u change .
nd you n ner return to be e on o used to be .
u r no more h person that eople have expected .
But you do n't care abou it .
Evry rd situation y be got over easily hen you ake a big efrt .
Petr has be thinkng bou ts seret party for months ice the te he kw his mother a healed .
He was taking cae of her so that he a prevented from going to university .
He d to reus to all his dreams suddenly .
Hower , the destiny a given him nothe chce to folo them .
Despte i strang behviur , Petr 's mum did n't epec it at all .
She et blesed as s was gvn such a pefet n .
It is said to happen on in lif .
Peter h been kise by h mum eore , ut this tim was qite different .
Maye he id n't notice it at al , but it wa a faewel .
ow Peter cud ly on s o .
Environment is h combination of a , earth , wae oest and al these are iterlinked wh ch oher .
Most imortatly , ll spces of animals and human being ae the part of this ecosystem .
uan is te most wis and intelligent frm a of these .
Howeve , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem it various activities .
Lets talk aout one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know tt we ae sprading the garbage nar our houses and offices .
Thi may be due to peope a o are about consequences of this bad hbit- speding te rubbish .
But , in hes ay , with edction , peole ae becomn more sensible d reponsible toward e environment .
In the sme line , dllers of my ilage ae doing lots of or to mak their ea clean d hgiene .
he collet hue hold waste in a dustbin and pt of with poper sandard procedure .
Th collect and egregte the rubbish in sparate ontainer .
r example , they colct pastic was in yellow dustbin wil , liqui n solid , degradabl waste in rd container .
This mkes ey nd convnient to identify e waste tes .
To conclude , I would like to sy tt noadays peple ar becoig moe wae and conscious toars environmt through educaio .
Toda in my cls there ws a discussion on teleisio education .
Television is an object hat hel people to kw e news in real im .
Thre are advantages and disadvantages ; tlevision cn also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " supid " program ca dage mostly young pepe .
oda thr ae my childrn that have t dipendence on television , thy refe to sty at home to wtch the arious ild tv programs , whil nce or parents preferred han out with your friends .
Teleisin ca be a sful rument if it is used with cation , accordingly I recommend se ess it o reent dmge to the menta leel .
I am concerned about polluon .
Tis issue h became a i prblm to sove .
In order to help reduce contamination I tae acction from the hree " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
I rduc use of innecesry pwe at home , in other words , I turn on light that I ned for the hile i use it;I take less wrm howe ; I t ly neccesary ooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all ting resable , f xample , plastc botte as a plant o ; glass bottle as a od container;I bring my reusable soppng bag and refuse to use a hoppig plastic if a slemen offer me to ing .
Rcycing is another wa to be eologist .
Toa , we ae moe item to recycle as og as we clean properly and t in a proper bn , which ll be use it by secialized factory in nother item .
As long as i tr to kee doing thi on a ecofriendly way i realize tha i am give a lttle from my side and i fe careful of my envionment .
Hello!!How a you ! !
I am goi to San to visit my gandprents .hen I am going to Pai to ok forward my aunt .
xt I am going to Italy to see the PAPA.If yu want I am going to Barcelona to go wh you .
e u son ! !
PD : we have to ee
Hï Jo ,
In my opiin , it is a od idea bou o spend some me trvelling becas you ill have an oportunit to think about yor future but in my cty because of the crisis there is very little ok f everoe .
Here , tere ar monuments , churches or famous people and perha to ou in the future you would ie to becoe a history teacher .
Athugh no tat the holidays are coming ou nee people to elp a ride he amusement ark or te lits of th fr .
If you me to Linars cud ause you and if you come frward to work can do it
You have to cme he because oly Wee in Lnares is nc d the ow is spectacular an if u wnt to hae fun ad I lke th bulls
I he to see you soon
Snia
Hi Sara ,
It was get to hear from you .
It 's a vry difficult decision r me too .
But if you wat to decide , I 'll intend to hl you .
On th on nd , you nee a pot to eep f .
On h other had , music is he best fr relaxin and eny .
Wll , I think you hould n't giv up ther .
You can devote more time to do bth .
If I were you , I would go runnng at the morning and I wold go to music class fer lunch .
So , y can do both .
I hope ths hep you and you will tke the bst dcisin .
Lots of love
Fira
I agree this ffirmtion because the publi traport is more expensive han car , is lo and is lss economic .
the car is ess exensve , more confortable , oe as a more security .
every im the ca is more utilied ad more economic .
in my opinion the a more advantageous an c a the r is more useful
To my mind ti mind not right .
Frs of ll tavellig by r is er exensie .
For exapl travellng by train is cheaper d traveling by pla is faser .
Secondly it 's not coortable.ecouse you every y drives instead of relaxing a ejy the envirment
Using pblic transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .
It is sad that pepl efer goin by bus to a close lace , but so of then do n't tnk t same .
The public transport has plenty of advantages .
Sme eole ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay or ol , as it is onstantly sing , so uing a publi ranspot is an econmi way to travel .
On th ther hand it hels to reduce the poltion md by rs , ..
Besides , it il be always ueul fr eople ca n't drive .
any pople dmit that if they culd y a ca , ey would do it .
The eason is they r tie of sing public tansport and they would et earlier to everywhre .
In h futre , rs wou be so cheap th everyn wl have ne , hu , it wll take up e end of th publi transpo .
To sum up , I would say tha people will us mre and more public transport , as the oi is gettng expensive .
The picture illustrate t progroess of making notes .
There nclude sme ot important teps .
Design is th fis and te ost iortant process .
It is the rst step that ost troublesome , se ings must be included h considerations , such as backgrund cour , atwork , scrity isss .
Ten , prparation of mntal plates and skilled machinists ae te eedments .
Printing is the nt te , .Usuay , sheets of nk notes printed , because thr r some special require fr te printing , slou of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
h lst ep is the insetion , sheete manally inspected .
The inspetion always he three results , th goo uaity heets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged shets .
If the print sheets has god qualty , they wl packing n distribution.so partialy damaged will u ito sparat or paced or dispatched .The a sheets will disposal , the estroyed will be secr .
My favorite port is swimming .
I ges swiming ine 998 , wen I had en years od .
I lie swimming beause I feel a good sensation a my healt is od .
Actually I nt practice bcause I am no tm , But a feel mis !
Now I go to the gym and practice weht liftin three Times A week , Exercise aerobics every as nd yo two tme a eek !
I every feel very wel ftr om back he m .
Often I go to h gym with my fried , Vanessa ,
But wen she ca n't go I go Alone .
I always go !
My cough is ey friendly a help me
e television is ne of th most impotat AV media in the wld .
You an use it fr mn purpos , according to yor need .There are a lt of channels in man les , fr instance , dcation , movies , sgs , sports , news and so on .h television is t only for entertainment u als for education .h television can entertain ou trugh it 's enertaine channels , and h teevsion can eucate u through it 's educational chnnels .
At this ime ad ag , most of the eople hae their n car or vehicle fo their transpoation .
It is also mke convenient or pepl who are rushing tie to work , meeing and so on .
Howeve , I ae no agree with this statement because the ubli tranport is eeed fr someone who ae no have vehil or economic downturn .
Public trasort is cap an friendly for nvironment .
fitly , h ar of ubic transport is cheaer compared with buying a new car .
he erson at do o av to save lrg mount of mone to b th car .
hy can use th money in more useful or maningful wy such as ivestment poperty .
The fr of public transport is less than n vehice hen cmared fae of bus to fulfill whole tank of oi .
Sme mre they are needed to pay a parking ee for parking .
Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadas .
Because of everybody h to leave or noher ace tough heir own car and carbon dioxide rleased rom he ca .
The public transport is a y to reduce the a polluton because it can cry more than a dozen ime te pope in a tme n rduce thi ow vehicle .
So , it c also hlp to reduce h trffi jam roblem .
Lstly , ublc transport hat e alway bled by the people th are slowly nd trouble ha own vehile .
Alhouh th public transport is sw but it also do not take a log tim of peope to each tei desination because plic transport noaays re developed re fa nd enough .
In cnclusion , public transor is needed r everybody in a necessary time .
It alays can make us save th mny and ake te environment more naure and fresh .
Nowadays , the space r countries enlarges , nstead of wih , the area for farmland , forets an wetland is getting smaller .
This kind of situation brins all kinds of rblems to mannd and aimals .
h lag - scale buling projcts took the sace hic shuld belong to the animals .
h food for them and their livig spa migt nt be enog .
Sme knds of animals would mve to t uba ae , tea he food fm us n leep on he stets or in e underground .
Hwever , most of th might be arrested .ol a little number of them miht be adopted by those friendly human .
On the other hand , e expanson of city increase olluton of all kinds of garbage . The air poluton is much more serious now , d watching t bu y is almst imposible in sme big cities .
Althgh the mdical skills gt troner , the percentage of people ho get caer is stll improving .
In concsion , h lare - ale building projcts tae h living resource from aimals , crease the ossibilit of getting cancer and so on .
nly if te government evelo or technical prerty , pay more attention to the environnt protection , sch as uild more trs ad grss in he ctes , ad st a secal low for ose mise animals will help decease the ham that he uildng project brings to us .
Fr me , my amily mebers are not my best friends although I wish they r .
If the are yur bt fiends they wil guide yo nd help you to be to be he bt of yo , they wo n't hurt yo or trn hir back on yu .
But on t othr nd you may punishd or the ma ell at ou whn you do someting wrog .
So it is o lways a od thi , unless ey are en - minded or ae their wn methods to punis you in a gentl way ha wo n't mke you regret tellg them yur faut or mistake .
Dr Sir / Madam ,
I am wrting to apply a jb for summer cp .
My name is Jenny Wag nd I woul be t rigt person for te j .
bot me , I ws orn in 19 and I li in Los Aneles sinc 2000 .
I ame fom a lar family ad I have w younger sisters with ge of 10 and 12 .
To introdce my skills , I pased all eas in English at school d I can sek Enlish wl .
I also have experience with eenagers thrugh my sistrs and I wi look after them as I take cae of my sistes .
Aditionall , I am a hard worker and an active erson .
Regading t wor cnditions , han yu for providing meals a ccommodation d I willing to ta te cost of h fight .
Finally , I am the iht person for the j ad I will do my best if I could have to chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
Thank y vr uh for or time d I lok forward to having a positive news fm u .
Yous Sincerely ,
Jeny Wang
First of al , I wantd to sy sorry bout a boring if .
Sometimes I felt onely , that I eant .
ou ew everything about my hath . I 've ever dden hs information fo you .
From first time I sid abou that to you I h a problem with my elth but you anwered : it ot mate .
I felt so bd in a car .
I ft that I could lse my consciousness , tha 's why I emved a braclet .
I really do n't feel my blame .
I talk about everything .
Hel Laa .
I am glaed to hea frome o .
I am 24 years old I am frome vi Ukraine .
My hobbies are ootal d gy .
I have o 1 brother , Petr .
I am a PhD suent in university .
I am stydying enaemantal saents .
Evgni .
Welcome in this town .
We a here to inrodue t shoppg facities and shops in ti town to ou .
shing you enjoy it .
Thee ae several ig azas in t eter in th ton .
You can wak abo n minute from he staion or by s to the .
Thre are shops , restaurnts a cinemas in thse plzas , including me el - nwn brand .
You may be energetic or crzy by these chrmin shops where y e wakig round .
If you el like to at somehing , there is a lo of well - knon estaurans , ad have diferen counry meas .
ou can hooe the taste you like .
Aer a long da of hpping , you might ha spent all h mony .
Ther 's a bak in ch laza .
So , you n enjoy your time without oney 's problem .
At nit , thee 's another side in this town .
ou cn s all h streets are adorned by lighting .
This is one of the sort of e best quality here .
Y mig hav a alk rund after pper .
my father
my ather name is ahee art.he is ey lovng nd arin.hy gis us all te faciltie n should have an dram of these thigs.he provides all the facilities to us of inernet a boks so that we cn learn better d ca be gd studens nd get good marks in he examination.he alws encourage us nd ad do n't afid of anything because yo a bravr than ayhing ee.my brothers and me proud of my ater.he is ver hard woring and brave.he s t smile face.he always tries to laugh other eopl with their jokes.he always listens to us what we an.he never eer ignr us .
Dear frie ,
Many thanks for your letter d yor assetmet for my invitation .
I am so hppy you have finally deced to vit my country .
Liten , do I ell you about getting to my artment .
ere e several type of transrt in my tw .
ut o cae flying arly morning the most convenient d fast ransort is tai tht de n't cost expensive to my house .
In the spng there is mil weter , approximatly 20 - 25 degrees .
Thee are possibiity of raning .
So o an bri light n waterprof clothes .
I 'd beer stop no and mak ready for yur vit .
I hope yo 'll enoy my couty .
Ge my lov to your family .
Plese write me a lie soon .
I 'm looking fowad to seeing you in April !
All h es
Mari
ello Sa .
Thank yo very much to write me ts leter .
Now , in order to answer yo questio , I have many faourite places na my town bcuse I ive in a lovely a litle town , but there is one pce tat is special r me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenza do pedrgal ' is located in my to , Tomiño , in Spain .
It is a veri qui plae , because of is location , in the iddle of the forst , nl a few pepl know hw to get there .
Y can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bie , bt it is impossible to et thre by oter ways .
It is an invldile forest ace , the roud is full of low grass and here is a lttl river where y an swm , is is th perfect place to ha a quiet day .
Tht is all I c tell o abut this place . I hope tah my answer will help you wih your project .
Greetins , Xbir Morales .
What is your last neame ?
Do you en urname ?
Yes .
My surname is Baek .
Are ou married ?
No . I 'm singe .
A pety gir like you is still single .
Stop it . I am sinle f a whil .
My favourite spot is volleyball .
It 's sce I a s year ld that I ry ts sport .
I say to pople that wat y is sport that it ' s asy if you lv it .
Y are dvantage if ou tart when yu are yung .
This sport can hlp our health an everyone an larn to do volleybll .
In Italy lleyball is very common , speially in my region .
If you ry this pot in the wrong way y an have health poblem , for xmple you an have probes at and , at h eek d at egs .
Hi Lara ,
My ame is oe .. I 'm 5 yeas od d I 'm fm Madrid , Spain .
My hobies aeoing out ad trveling around the worl .
I loe te musc like o a my favori gru is U2 .
Do o like it ?
I 'm only chld and I 'm studying Maretin in h morning and working in th evening in a mal .
Do you lik stdying Laws ?
I hop yu ns soon .
os
Hello my name is opie Nelsen I was bon 02 in Swedn and I am still livin er .
I got n sister ta amed Ingrid and she is 8 yers o .
On my spare time I lie to an u wh friends ad play soccer .
I aso do ome wr but it 's not i do bause I like it .
e accomplishment I am te most proudt of was when I did four goals in a soccer game .
T bet places I had visit is my house in Spain .
I ike to eliminate that I do n't ad so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you ead .
Thre words ha I can describe myself ith is :
1 .
funny
2 . kn
3 . awesome
I hin pole will be surprised to kno that I ws born 002 and not 00 but I as br first Octobr so it 's no so much difference .
My favorit sog is All about ha bas it Meghan Trainor , bcaue the ong makes me feel good an happy
My avorte moie is The fault in or stars , bcaue it 's very goo a I rlly like the characters and the story .
Ely knew e wold ae to cm to a decisión o .
w months aitin for an answer s too much tme .
it was a ol night hn hr boyrend aked her to t arrien .
they wer spending the weeken in t coutryside , he hd rented a woodhouse bt he had n't confirm the weate , an a stron blizzard arrived ivng tm without ommunicaion by pone or by a .
the problema for Emily w tat his byfriend ws as od as e wther .
she thouht he was so bore , ut she di n't want to be lone.h d n't know how to live on er n n Emily s utterly frigtend to be lone .
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of his epot is that pepl uld becom me aware of e ignificanc of tking care of the environment in ore to errdicae this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
Acid rains or lobal wamig ae issue which av been broug aout h careless people .
ADVANAGES
By one ha , if we aid bein t pollution in ours cities , we could hv a lifestyle more healthier hn in the past .
On the othe had , we he to iprove an clear up h environment if we throw away the rubbsh in the gen points of t twn .
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT
Te council is carryn out a project in order to erradicate th rubbish in my town .
This oject is focused on separtng th rubbish in each gree point of he city an alo th ve to mantain their neghborhood as clea as are possible .
CONCLUSION
To sum up , taking cae bot t envirnent should be an obligated task r us .
e main rason for thi is , povded that we bear in our minds ha we must collaborate wth all aronds , we wil maintain e world on our hads .
Dea USA Summer ca
I reply to you advertisement f work wi hildrn hi summer in umer camps , ve looed afte childrn age 5 - 10 and it was a fantastc experience , workd at shol in north fica like a vunteer nd lrnt a lot abot childen , think tha i 'm a suitale pero for he jo because use to be an energetic and cherfu person ad very harworkig , love working wth chidren and like organisig several yps of activities , I 'm not vry good cookig but i c learn ery st .
Think tha cn do a fantstic job .
I would be gratefl if yu could nd me further details about ths job .
María de Mar
To comat he disiction of enviornen , this is a serious problem throughot th orld .
owaays , ay trees and grasses r damaged in many ountrie , lots of buildng are constricated .
And peple should pay attention to his prblem an y to slove it .
Thee are dening that the environment are change by ehavior of peopl a animas .
F instance , people need to man laces to build th modern society , so hey al down lots of trees , burnning man glsses .
Another fctor tht he nimals are no ontrl themselves to eat the plaits ln to distriction of ecosytm .
Nowadays , the ransportation become ore prefect , and t ople'if bcme more convenient .
Althought ths chng lend te life of peop efficent , he problem shul ot be ignored .
It would raly be helpl if e government mak tightr resrictions , in today 's world , lot of onstricaion companies and fatries a not adisson , they are destyed the forest , frmland and wetand , charging waste wte a emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serius envormet roble .
So te govenmen should ovree this compaies , a if companies do ot bey h rules or lws , it will be fined and closed .
Second , the governent shoul publicize the awareness of protecion
Taking the train is more ost effective than ting a car to work as petrol is ostly and t new tansportatio office s reduc the cost of tickets to assis wt the dly livig expesn we encunter .
The other benefit if taking pulic transport is ls pepe are akng ars reducing h amot of toxic gase releaed in he environemnt .
Abortin is an imral at ht pope make as eerone h a chanc to survie and nbody has the ight to decide for anyone life .
borton has to be taken seriously in rder to avoid hes immora ction as hee eus e bein depiv of their right ice they have alrad a ife .
People a to be sensitize about abortion in order to decrease he number of wmn bing abort .
Furthermore , aborion is very dangrous d a great nmber of women had bee dat with thi .
Children has to be potectd before d after fe , it is h aborti as to be sop
In my pinon , I believe t public transport ll ae b role in the future d several resons :
1- Inflation in poplation , the roads will ot bear or endure huge nmbers of as .
2- I thk on th futue n transport and roads wil be mr organiing more tn these ds .
3- In he futue pople will oncer more about energy , so transpor will be ore useul .
4- Traspor more econmica frm independent ar .
5- Many people ca n't drv like hildrn and o pope .
6- Not everyone has the bility to buy a car .
Caue all thse easons I believe h transport wl have ig future .
From 1st r to 2d Qtr the sle incresed by $ 100 .
Ten , frm 2nd t to r Qr t saes inrased by $ 0 .
Next , fr rd r to 4th Qr the sal remied steay in $ 850 .
The la sles of h lst year was $ 850 .
Fo 1st tr to 4t tr the sales incresed by $ 350 .
karte is one of e et ports i ave ever ejoye in my life .One of the reasons behnd my pasio for karate is ha it 's means of taming the mind and h body .
I have learned to e contrl of mself wen omone teas me , an to be alert as well .lo , it helps to look aways slim n put me away from te gos of obesity as wel .People w at to start playing karae have to be patient .
hy should mere themselves in ail exercises as wel as eat althy eals to keep them ctive .f instac , it 's adviced to eat great mounts of fuits and fresh vgetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that he body nees to work proply .
My favrit ort are footbal baskebal Formula One and Teni .
I strte to lay football when I had four years .
My favourie team is Real Marid and my faourite player is Cristiano Ronad .
He rries to Real adri 5 year g and he is th best plye of h team .
s best fiends in the tm a Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pe .
Basketball is my secod favourite port .
I wtch to match at te weeked of th Spanish league or NBA .
I strted to watch Formula One or my father these is is faourit sport .
Tennis is the favourite spo of my bther .
I played tennis with my brothe , but he alwys won .
I played tennis wih my brother , b he always n .
ha is e of my favorite spots
Hi Elena
w is oin ?
Thak y for ou lette !
Wat 's a b surprise , you are marrid .
My congratulations .
I got your butiful postcard and your invite .
I 'm very pleased to you invt .
Now I 'm thinking about he presen , wht do o lk ?
I look forward to ar from you .
B , Sada
sports is vey uc benefica for our health .
i would like to play footbll ecause it 's t much exciing game . in poortion to ength it takes nly 90 minutes . whenever i go e oportnity i played fooball .
Divig car while listenig to musc is muc more fu or ms of people so maybe that 's hy mosy love to drive thn taking public transport .
In cotrary som gus hate getting caught in raffi jam so prefer pubi transport;sm other reasons may be rising gas pice , c crshes or hatin drivg !
As a rsut I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to ak each in the iht situation .
I prer to avel by trn .
I have two reasons why I think so .
Fst , there ae many kids of types hich train as .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which measns brrtt trn is fmos ad very fas .
" Blue tan " hich h my ds in train an we can sle comfortabully in train .
Th , o ol to id bu aso to watch trai is vey interesting fo me .
Second , travelling by trai is sa and reasnable copaed to plane .
Recently altoug here are many L careers we an choi , it is still expensive to tavel by plane .
TTravelling by train is che and getting chike is ea for us in u country .
Ad terolism is sce so .
The pane wic trve from Egypt to Russia was exploed by terolit in lt month .
Compaed to plane , trai is relatively safe because it cn mve nl on the land .
These rason re why I think raveling by tin is favurable .
Hello Julia ,
H e you ?
What did y do yestreday ?
I went to he cinea to watch a comey wih my friends ysterdy , but I d n't like it becase it was so borig .
I prefer anothr kid of fim ha cmey , but yesterday the wre n't ny od flm at the cinma .
what kind of films do you ike ?
I ik thille and te acto fis because they ve never en oring .
Do ou pree to watch films at he or go to the cinema ?
I refe to wach film at h cinma because thee re n't any distractions or noises a the qualty of lms ae btte .
ee you soon .
ric
Our ath is etting sick as days go by .
For exmle , air , water and an pollution .
There are several efforts that we cn contribute in order to ave he environment .
We sart litl by ttle to hel it .
First of all , I want to ephasie on reucig te uage of plastis .
It 's th basic ings and a habit tt we can start easily from u own .
Plastics are non - biodegradable hch degrade aftr 1000 yers .
Non - biodegradale plastics could actually piles up the landfill a cause the land use in our earth to be occued .
esides , it destroys the marie ecosystem in sc a way that the seabrd or fs r f on plastc .
This cause thir reprodcion sysem to be destroyed .
Hence , we hould bring or own recycle bag or basket evy time we go fr shopping and resist temptation to ge plastic from he .
Besides , we shul use public transport or carol in order to educe t CO emission into te environment .
If t dstnce to destination is shor , we cold replace dring by walking or cycling .
That 's the descent wy in redcing t advere environmental mpact a we a able to prtect u Earth
Since GM crops technology started to be implemented it he implied in favourable socioeconmic chans .
This tchique makes e ee control easie resulting in cost savings and yie gains , so tht increase glbal productin of cros such as corn , cotton , anla a soybeans .
he said kindly:"I b yu a present , pe it , Tom "
Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big urpise , there was a football in it , wch he always wante to u
there were some ods goal!kee doig ! keep lokig!said h mom , Lok !
ere was als a u in it , It said"do't gi up your rea , keep doing!go!we san by you!ce on "
m ove it , " thanks mom , thanks dad!"Today is the st day of my life , thn u ! "
" You deserve them , To ! u rk ha all h time this er "
My nae is An , i one of ma new studns at o Duv Thang university .
I 'm niteen years od and ro ity u i iving at domitory at To Duc Thang university .
It has 58 student : 18 bys a 40 girls .
I loves Ton Duc Thang university so much .
I likes t friendly stunts and helpful teachers .
I enjoys readng bok , coking , playg with dog n singing .
oreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm ofte listen to p mui , R d B , and littl a .
My avorie sinr is Adam Lvece .
Thse as peopl car but pricy and ence a personal car not only provides privac u lo cnveniene .
Hence , te nw lury ar are getting cheaper a powerful .
The seed of life has en fastened , people do n't ave ime to wait fo a taxi or in the bus stop to t their wor done , they wan their work oe in he blnk of an y .
So t ed fr s s become unncessary d our o cars are simy time consumi .
Eeryon has a car .
Ee kids arted to learn driving at fiften an most of he parents gi car in thir siteenth brthday .
We can see deermine the futre of transpoation by differentiating t nubes of cars and buses .
Studet hae trted to use thir ow cars than e u .
So I hnk th future of pulic transportation is in darkness .
My favouite port is crcet .
Cricke hs become a pr of me sine when I was a id .
ts vey interesting spor .
Cricket brings a passon on me whenever and wherever its possie I fn out a y to strt te me .
I also wch crikt patiently .
Its known as the gentlman 's game .
T best par of this game is batting hethe someone knows or not he first prefer to bt .
Batting hs i on cherish .
So , I also prefer to bat and itting hard rahr an bowling .
Its very siple d wndrful sot .
If u play criet ou are surely goi to urn many bad calores adhered side ur by .
In India cricke is worshpped an plaer re the lord .
The best part of ths game is you ca play with every e oup at a single me .
I was very intereted in making my areer through this bt due to my studies I ca n't ta effort toard this .
So , if a going to ply hs sport do otice that there e som rules nd be se that o have all safety stuffs with yu . Please do n't orget to take pleasure of batting first .
I hope yo e ing to ly the best gam on your part .
Ne Monday , I am going to India .
I lo dia so uh .
MY friend s travllin there , e was talking to me about it so muh .
Indian peple mke an amazi food , bu it 's so spicy .Indian peope ane in amazing way .
nia is he seventh bigge counry in the worl by area .
In Ida , it ras frm June to Septebr .
One day it was my dream to go the .
I am goig to vist lhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Pal !
I 'm writin to o to tell you ha I will go to your om net oth , I hpe that y sta at hme ecause I need your hl , I will bght a present r Mary an I do n know wt is her favouite couor ,
Will you help me ?
ht is your favorte food ?
Wn I wll tay with u I would ke to go to a Spanish restauant , Wil you ?
You are my bst rind since 1984 , When I was born ar to your house .
Now I he lived in Badajo fr ten year , We oed here to go to he each every dy , I like the bea an t sun , especially in ummer Whn the sun is in the sky .
I lke dance and sing t , I 'm vr happy sning in the bch , especall if you stay wit me .
I ope to ear frm yo soon .
Regards ,
Kate
Yes , I think it also c edcae .
As times go by , technology is rapidly improvg .
Mo and mor gadet r ineted such as televisions , smartphones nd so on .
Thre are lots of os if we watch t teleision proerly .
Using will t only gain te entertainmen but also get the knowledge .
Fr instance , there are numerous rogram that we cn chose .
It is a oo ime to tr to th entertaing proram , we we el bored a gaze t wall ll h a .
Television provides ducatd varieties of chanels as el .
Discovry chnnl is psture - oriented odl example to educat .
We cn arn w do te iffernt animals fe on themselves .
Aboe h statemnts can nure a ich and abundant liv .
I think ftr 50 ear any tins will cange . we wll learn in our ome .
we won , t av schools .
we will do home wrs at home and send it to he teachers .
th wll correct our ask d end it aga to us .
I thnk that we wl rdr l we ne on he nterne .
Tre wo n't be spe markets .
It wo n't be a os office because we n send ay ing by h Interne .All jb will be on Internet .
Every person will have a pne .
We will go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot servant .
Th wil serve us intead of huan srvnt .
There will be any or in he streets .
we will iv happily .
I hpe that the fure il iv peacefully and happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I wul like to spend tw monh studying in English , tw months doig volunteing in children charity d h least two months travelling in UK.ht do you think of my pa?I will not only improve my glish skills but ao evote myelf to g alog ith chlden .
The os important of al , I wll take an adventure to te unnown place in UK.I am lookn forward to seeig you soo .
I wold like to invite you to jn e road trip wit me.it st be an mazing experien if we ar toeher for ts ti .
As ln as u can go with me just let me know .
your fried Amy
My favourite sort is runnng .
I usually r in e ornng , we my roommates a still sleepng , I get up and run in the playground .
I enjoy running , esh ai , warm un and slight wind .
When I am runin , all preesure I undtook as gone .
I am fil wit hope .
I started running because I endured neck pan ad my lt leg is ot comfortabe whn I at all a .
Furthermore , I ant ruce my weigt as well .
I bouh shoes , clothes and GP atch , I old myself : ow it is a chllenge , I us defeat myself .The fis d is so pinful , I was tred to d when I st a nearly 3 km , ut tigs becomes better and ettr , and o I culd run 10 km .
If you want to sart runnng , firsly , yu need a comfortable hos n clths , and secnly , make a lan , like how lo shuld I n today , remeber , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't make a gal ht o ca n't reach , or you will lose or confidece soon .
he mst importat thin is yu willpowr .
First I wl s a question to you if this is yo w house , you bu it with a lot of money nd will you oke it with no reas ?
Of cours the answer is no!Everyone knows that " rth is our hom."It is bigger than a house .
We ha Eather first than popl thnour house .
Eather is u home , we al have to protect it .
But ow people are distroy it .
Jut f mony or oe house bt if we destroy it we will all die our money ill oe our hose ill goe we will have nothig .
Beside so people destroy farand to bild oues ut if oe day tere is no frmand ta wat should we eat?Nothing at that tme we a a nothi!So what should we do ?
Forest brigs us fresh air bu8 t if tre is no tee , wha will hapn ?
We ca n't breave we ill die , too !
So my idea is i te ouries athe peop sp to use frmland , forest andwetlang to bul houses grow more tres potect r worl , ou homestar !
The letue dsagre ith the araraph , sugesting tht e mentio test devoped by Ala Tring do o respond te maiy question : Can h computer think ?
First , the ecture tas bot " Saan " tht propose a challange to proe that he urng 's test as not nclusive , than he reate a paradox .
He selected people to into in a hnese ro , there was a computer in chine language with diferente symbol , t mericn was a diferente behavor , ey i not understand wat was in the compuer screen .
Different fom the originl test ntion on th text , that l t participants were americn an native speakers from that langage , it was rlly easy to understand what ws in e coputer creen .
Second , e tex support tha the comuers re ealuate by te w eopl that submitd the es .
Not vryone can by a car .
Fo any , thee are other important expenses that need to be cered .
For example , for the yng pele in ollege te studies ar more importan , as well as books , eminar , travellng , etc .
Nowadays , Pblc Transport as become a very important wy to go to work , to travel to ter cits , or to simply go to visit a friend to t othr side of e city .
I are , fr many pople travelling by ca is uch more onvenient , however , in my opinion , her is still a og future fo public trasport .
Dar Ronnie
I am happy to now bou y .
Your plan sound great a I will be pleased to spend a w ys with y ad yor family .
My grandmother is oin to visit me in July so I wul prefer suit y in Augs .
My smaller sister wan to go to the beach so that if she is t a problem she could come with us .
Hwever h can stay at home .
I think it is mor n leep togehe in yor apartmet . We could tell terror stories to eah ther at night , befoe sep .
Mabe my siste ould slp in he studio .
I really like spend time on the eah but thr re a lot of time so we could go to the swimmn - poo if your paens say yes .
o we old go to he b to drink oe ice or to go to eat an c - cream .
Do not orget to write soo
Science , I js remember I awys liked a car race , t one of my frevurite is a Formula 1 .
I ike cars , ad I lie gh spd tat is hy I ov a Formul 1 races .
Forml 1 seson starts at erly ring a ends ith a late autumn .
I try to wach every race every fourght and training a day efore the race .
I like so ch Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari ta driver .
cki , is not the fastes driver on he trck , but he rive vry safety .
Ferrai making on of the fsts cars on the word , but this ssn they e nt so fat on the Formla 1 ac , how they wr in h past .
If sameone like rs then should go to Formula 1 ra to ear he bli egin und , I think that is the best voice whc I have ver heard in my lf .
Formula 1 it is lso ngerous sport , t drvr ae exosed to e rsk of ccidet at hi speed .
I wish Go lack to all Formul driver !
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wro a lot of book about economy and finance in e A and Eure .
He as decided to do a short essay bout capital market abuse wreby he consiere to trael to aly and pick up some financial daa rm talin central ban .
The key id of this esa is the follwng : Italy in time of Berlusconi s lmost entered bankruptcy howeve Michael is tring to avoid he Italian enomy coditin simply bcaue he likes Berlusconi too mu .
he receed a lot of critics smply bease many economists ad conoetricians in h world do nt trust the source hat he was used in i essay mreover they thought tha he received money fro Italian governmet .
After o years ht is esay was released , he will nerstand th his ess wa wro oreover , Michel will wt to apologise many people wo ea hi esay therey ichael now goes home , takes a cp of tea , goes to be thu Michael cloed e door an knew at that moen he h made a mstke
One day a man and h ie were tryig to found a lace shallow d witout polutin for cultvate , thy were por ; the do n't have the necssary sorces , but the husand rk so hrd because is wf had an accidet it occurred one y that hs wife a workng in a ampain of onservatio of animal in endangered , she went to a plae in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of he unge so she wnt to investiated wht a ha , a reture that have eve seen attack se , her arner only heard a shout ad hey fnd Luc the wf of t a in the for , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so hr partnr toke it to the doctor , there te doctor said tt s was ok bu he wll eve he again or only if she paid 1 0 dollar fr a operation .
Te man s already savd 50 dollr b it is t enough .
The son of Luc and her husband o a he went to caved holes in t dirt o ake a game , he make five hols an in the as oe he found a brilliant jwelry that had ben generations of gos so he started throwng tht fo pa , one ime that he tke the jewelry , it cosume the mind of h lite u d that cause that t jewly liberated some sounds that on gints cn ear so a moutai stand up that was he face of a giant and he perceive negati waves so he kill he guy cause he hd te most important ric of the gods .
It is vry easy to send hur getting entertied by television .
owever , it is more diffiult to edcae .
It depends o the presenter delvers the tpic .
I have larned a t from televsion .
There e excellent examples of god quality television on th BBC .
What 's re tee re countries around te world tht lck teacrs to go to remoe reas to teach , tat rely on teleison to eah .
Mstake ! !
oh no ! !
How could I do this mistake ! !
These we my ist feeling wh I id the mistake .
Lke eer one , I a a norma person leaing & impving day by day littl by littl fo mistaes .
I am witing to suggest a ew as what our cllege n do for the envronmet .
Firsty , how n the colge save energy ?
In order to reduc eergy consumption hold be me so tht as much as possil lecturs takes pace in t day time .
Ths oul ruce ergy eeed fr the lht sources .
Secondly , what sort of hngs an we recycl in th colege ?
It woud be a good dea to recycle apr , glass , mtl an plastic .
In order to improe te sorting , ere shou be a litter bins for eac mntiond substances in cassroms , corridors and utside .
Furthermor , th stuent a tutors shul be encouraged to use pbli transport , cling or alking .
inlly , ll the student should be taught lectres about the envonment .
I hop I find the answers to your queston in my letr .
Yurs sincerely
Zivil Jreviciute
Soul , in Krea , has may places to vsit which places pepl at to visit .
I will introduce se good laces to vsit .
frstl , peple o refe oth culure , I recommend ngdae .
Hongdae is most aprpriate to fe ree and vibrant local are in seoul .
there are a lt of cl , b d a , cafe , karaoke a has ore facilities which you wil be abe to enjo .
Hongdae has any inds of placs thus , bt you will be conrned about drunk people whe the late at nih .
At t late niht in ondae , ls of people drnk wih their frens d ak around on the street with in drunken condition theselves .
So y need to be areful that nd of peple .
n te , let me tell yo anther lace ' Duksu palace '
. yo c expeiene 19 entury rean imprial architecture n Kren traditional custm .
there was t pace of the Choun imperals queen .
he palace is in h middle of e cy , herefore , ou may feel ifferent mood between 19 century nd tis d .
And also , there is gift shop ad cafe .
I he to enjoy yor trip in eou tl y left o ontuy .
Thank you o ur reading .
ATHIS :
Heo , how are you ?
Hae u ever ee to climb mounains ? that is incredible nd amazing , do ou like yo school?yor city ?
my school is fine and i like bette my untry tn yours , u teams are ettes han our , Engand re te worst of footall , Agentina rle .
Englad do n't have enthing you a t wor and re hrrile county in the universe .
god bye
In conclusion , before read the article I av nevr realized t importance of using rama in an Eglih class .
For sure I wil aply hos tategies in my professional le , becue drama gives to students te opportunity of not jut learn somethin in the classroom , moe tan tat , is the portunity tha thy use their knowledge in the pedagogical and scial lie .
Wih refeence to recen advertisement aot ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I wld lie to express my interest in the ostion f the job in te campament .
I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .
I kw to cook delicious meals .
I lived snce to years in England and I seak Eglis .
Recetl , I had wored babysitting since e year in a shool .
I flt very happy with tis job .
I like do activities with them also I feed tm .
I think so I am he suitable canddate for this job , becaus I lke e hildren and I he experience babaysitting also I work very well making he ood .
I will wait phone call you to discuss t possibility of arranging an itervie .
e Wheel .
I coos e wheel bcase is the most useful invention ev becaus tanks to it e huan woks ae eaie by example a way to move heav obect , compared to soe of t ncy gadgets that we av today the wheel was invented at a relatively at pont of hman history , he oldest known whee found in an archaeological excavation is from esopotamia .
In China , the wheel was certainly preen in 00 BC , for earlir Chinese wheeled vehicles , 200 BC .
The wheel a found in a settemnt ilt on stilts over wetland , indicatn that the settlent had som or of lnk to dry land .
( Taken from http://w.ancient-ogins.net/ancin-technology/revolutionary-invention-whel-00173 )
I oul like to vst is ermany .
You can thik ' why this ? '
It 's very simply .
In the school I sud German and I li e language .
I thnk is a strong , maye a bit har to hear , t beautiul at the d .
My teacher told me some things abo the country .
Aed to what I know , ake it attractive .
To this , we av to join he food d drinks ( o do n't hik his ? ) .
Except estange ass , who do n't like to prove t authentic rman beer , or the Frakfrt sausages in h place where as ivente ?
nd t topic I like te mt .
e Hsory .
om Teutoic thology to Hitler d te econ War World .
It 's an amazg istory wi lots of heroes and crie .
You can tik anything bt I hin tht is the better pt of Germany .
Fmiy pla an imprtnt ol in r ies .
amly e the members that the ner wo n't leave yu aone , ty gv you le and happiess , they make ou d!They r ur best friends ad fmily .
rst of ll , fried ae important for us , we want a find that we can sre our serets d problems .
But friens maybe in he future go away or hurt ou!So y ca n't always based on them!For exaple , they ned you ntil they find someone better than you and in th en they go awy .
ut fmily never et you go or faml never go away om you !
oweer , the family is nar ou since the day you re rn unt forev .
The members follw u , d an based on them . Yo can tell whateve you want to them .
F exmpe , if you r in a b mood the irst prson that will oe nt to you , to ak you smile is yu mom or ad .
Mom nd a spent their life to go up heir children , to fd hem , to love te !
In conclusion , Members of yur fail an mportant ole in yr life !
In e at years a imrovd the public transpt syem .
In te as ediion of Pur Plus ccured an important disussio about th next pln of cities .
It prsentd a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
They wr talking about the problems of h blic transport syst a e reslts of new habits in this ecto .
Tes peope , thse live in a ci , do n take her own car or have not e .
Tis is a new e , which we live .
So will follo prlems of thse hais .
This aes me ponder , weather is a futre of te old pblic transport system or should mke a n system .
e argument of the topic , hat mor and re people lve in ctie .
ere gog to flloing so problems .
One of these are h am .
Everybody w a car an nbody ent a ca .
Te r harin system is n't como .
So will following more jams , if we do not change r habits .
The results , hich wi follow , ill be e pllution of the nironment .
So we need a new sstem .
There should be a ban of ar .
So we wll so he jam d so the problems of envronmentl .
But now we need ore buses or another faster puli ransport sstes .
But we should not orge , that ths ptios do not llo h environent .
Introduction
ave o drank under he legal drinking g in this ast mnth ?
If yes , then y are one in e other 8.7 illin ho ave also drank under h legal drnkig a . You ay tink tht drnkng underage wil not do o much harm , but it can .
Ten shold not drnk under the legl dnking age ecause he teen cold get ino troul ith the law , the ten ould cause hrm themsels and oters and ca have a higher ri of alcohol deendancy later in the lives .
transport at uan is so expnsiv we suffer frm the less ad xpensive transport he .
there re ay kd of transprt suh as buse tain and small ca clled amgad an also taxi
his is an intereste question becaus I bleive that my family is my es friends b at the same ie ty r not my frinds .
My family is my best frieds bcause they realy takes care off me when I needd hem to .
They loos ver me an help me when I am in troubles .
Hs is important because it is important to have somedy to ely of .
ut my family is not my best friends becaus yo chose you finds t you do not chsn y famiy .
After all , fmly ad friends are important .
h o maps show the changes which had aken plce in e town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 210 .
Generally it n be sen that te ci becm more moer in 201 hn it before .
frst of l , in 1995 shismouth a ree residentil city wt two orets .
the wo green area in the orh - west d suth - ast concern had been repaed by apartment blcks and an airport .
No e can eny how much spot is ve imprtat to ou li hath .
my fvourite sor is squash .
I stt this sport sice I was 10 yrs old.whee my fathr as playing this por ao , but he strted it hen he wa more greater an me , He was about 30 years old.whee squash is one of the games tha an be plaed in any age , I lo this game because I fin it making exerise to al the bd in he same ime , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched nd different ways in te se time yu are working ur mind in te same time so it need ring a quik thinin , as much exercise you will ind down the road .
I thin that any one wants to strt spot can play sqach which giv stretched n halhy ody , in h same tme this sport can be played for a og time of erio without cring out t g .
squash spor lso ca be played individually as two plyrs togeher or in team of 4 players.quas one of the very nc attractive sprts
SWIMMING THE EST SPORT IN T WRLD
I hve praticed swimming fo 3 years , I am a good smmer nd I hae competed in differnt tournament of swimming .
The swiming is my favorite spor because in this sor I train all my bod , is very relaxing and is t bet sort in the orl .
My favoit swimmer is Michl Phels because He ws e best swimmer in th rld and I ope that He rturns to olyimpic gae at Rio de Janro in 216 .
I need pratice or be t bet swimmer in the worl ha Michael helps .
My favorite style is he butterfly and I lwas pratice this stl becase I want to improve .
I wt to compete in nited States in th most important tournament , in thi competition participate h bet swimmers of the rld .
oe swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Loce , Pet Van de Hoenband d oters .
Nowadays it is asie to ue he car insea of public ranspor .
Althouth public tranpor is ceep d or enviermental , hy are o so flexble or comortble as the cr .
Exept for the big cities the pbic transport is not an easy way to move thout the ciy , th means that in e future ve more peole will op using it .
In these diagams bow , the manufacturing process of ba notes is shown clearly .
The fir ste , e bank notes shud be desinged concidering soe constutions , le background color , artwork and securit issues , Afe it was reared , skille machinists would mk preparaation of mtal plaes in the second step .
Then , sheets of nk otes woul be rinte by 50 bak noe per hee , which have colour imgnes on bo sdes in specia nk .
After printing el , these sheets oul be manully ispected lsely .
It ws he most important step duig h whol processing .
And then , me heets d good bak notes fro damagd sets which would be t ino and separated nt equl nes andpked and depatched to wee they a demanded .
Another on whih were bad shes a bad bk notes from daaged pparntly , oud be esroyed secuely .
This as h whle workin process of the bank notes and it was onsst of 7 steps .
Th sort is one of th best form to be ealhy an mk some exercise .
o an lay it with our friends ad ave a good time .
The ost healhy sports r swimming , playing basketball , playin footbal or rnning but I prefer to play tenis .
My favorie spr is playin tennis .
I play it three ime a week ( on Tuesdas , Thursdas and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
I had been playng tennis fro 2 yers go with two of my bet friens .
I enjy payig tens becas it is a spor that requires skil , ccentration and sped .
I am not ry goo at all but I like to pay it it my friends nd do maches on Saurdays .
Fo new tennis players I recomnd to know h to hld the racket , he position to hit te bal and how to put yr et .
They wil ae to concentrate on game and enjoy it .
In oday 's class , we wer discussing abou wheather or not we agre to he common enurmous pae salaries of foobal Players .
F me , as a assonated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to consder .
I recmmand to the Clubs , be warnd .
r intane Christiano Roaldo .
For him , as n of he top shed payed Players of european lague , it is no big al to by a Mercedes Benz .
He is arrogat .
He os not Need another one , but he likes e oour .
his way of thining he also Shows in game ime .
He is nt chasing afr the ll , is n ighting enouh to Keep it In e as he would really Nee the Money , he would beave totally different .
What influences dos ti salaries hv on th Clubs is quie simple .
Th sel the tricots for 20 Eurs mre per Pece ta la season .
By hs aciton a Ronaldo or messie c be payed d it is possible to bu the be em fo the leaue , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .
But consider he rection of t fas .
r tem it is o osible anymore to rule o their Teams at n he game .
The tickets a to xpensive .
Te nger will soil ov someay .
Tis mak Footbl or Soer ever moe equsite to a crain rop of fan - Hoolgans .
As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go o the Clubs .
If it sty on a certain Leve , no fan will complain about higher Pries .
But if he Prie wl be to gh , no onw wold vsi h games anmore .
Th im is to ind a blance a .
Business in My Hoe Country
In my home counry , tere re many diffrnt nds of business ultue ad custom .
For example , resturant business nd technology industry is totally different in Taiwn .
In ths 10 ers , Taianee hve ecme ejy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or ae an aftenoon tea .
That is h any busnss men wan to i in this competition , so ty created so an bargain activies , ik if you check nt places , yu will b one g ne free .
Apparently , restaant busnes is ceative d marketing - orientatio in Taiwan .
In corast , there are o different type of company in the technology induty .
Oe is original equipment mnufacturer , ke oxcon , workers in th company always need to do the sae thi and h executive in Foxconn al always ne to argain with Aple or Sasug .
Altough they produce high quality products hey receive a lite money and hve hh presur in wor .
h other oe is original brand manufacturer , ike htc , ty produce a l of new smartphones and sel it .
In three to or ears ag , htc mkes so uc money in the Europe , Tiwan and Japan .
he copny likes to produce new products and use high salar to ie great alens .
So c became more energeti d bod in main innovation .
In Taiwan , many young peol wt to ner htc .
inlly , Taiwan still suffers economic lum , but we ave so may businesses likes to innovate , market hei produ , custers lies to y it .
I hink Taiwan will be recovery in the near futre .
One evening , it was a blitring hot day tat I still should attende , one of my fends , a wedding cereoy .
I s drsed in nice si , goin to this pty .
Ter ere so man people talking to each other .
I id n't wa to cat wh tem frs .
Consequently , I dank the alcoho on te tabl , ooing fo , my frend , a bride .
I wanted to know how bautiful th woman wa .
As soon as the brid ppeared in rot of us , most people kept silent abruptly .
I glance at e grom jelously .
How lucky he could ary her .
I maintain a od - looking face , keeping fit .
It w ridicous tht I did n't av a girlfriend .
I prefer havi a nie gorgeous girl live with me to living alone .
Hower , I still did n't have a girfiend .
I as overwhelmed ih grief .
I col no san looki at them , clebrating .
Accordingly , I drifted to he part , gong home aln .
Hwever , I s too dizzy to go staigh so tht I took a ride .
I fell aslep immediately .
The rivr set me to a place here he know .
Wn I woke up , nt doing know wy I stayed the pole office .
Dear Mrs ate sbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero , I ve seen e avertiement for work in your ce ad I 'm vry interesed , because I need wr to pay my study .
Fist I thn ht his jo is perfect fo me because I have travelled around t world and I know a lot of kinds of od , in fact in my as trip to Jaan I learned to co shushi .
In addiion I ove dling with people , I 'm vey sociable .
On h ote hnd I 'm se to or long hous as a matter of fact in holdays I h workd in many restaurants .
I hoe yor answe soo .
Bst wishes
Patrca
one ay Micheal wanted to go out from i home so he clled h besfriend an suested to go ut tgthr , hs friend agreed , so Michal weaed his clses , wnet out d cloed the door ut at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
he forgo h ey inside the ome !
what sould he do ?
hw wn to his fthe in th comany and get the anotr cpy of the hose key .
when he g back to t home it was ate ad the metting ws canceled
It is vry true .
There is no future fr public ransort .
u nt so ny people have a driver licese .
They have to use pubc tranpot .
he public tranpor can connct peope .
You an meet evry in of people .
It 's some kind of socializin .
Th ublic transport is cheaer than te car .
helo , my ne is victor an I am going to tlk to yu about myself .
I nw that I am a sutale rson or is job , d I a say tat noboy is bettr than me for th incredible job , because I hae ben traeled o ll the wol and in this experienc , I ve se in the necesity on work to fanc my jorny , so the I he dedcate to work on smmer camps , n I hae a o of experience in this .
I ve ohe qualities like , cooking lk uer chf or een bter thn that , I am he pern me organizated in ths country , and I love to work wit children because it is a form to tah veryhing you knw to other peple and help to improve like erson .
I alwa do exercise , in the ornig I lik to runing on the ach , at e evenng I like to go to the y and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
so in conclusio , I think at if you contract y , yo will get an axcellent people and an excelent orer
I think it is true that the puic transport there is not future , because tvelling by car is so muh mo comfortabe .
In my opinion the publc rasnprt is more expnsive and it is lss comfortale that the car , becas the ar is faster that the ublic tansport .
h puic transprt do stp me tie that the car , this transport go dect to t estination .
Today the eople use the applction " ba blah c " .
it is an pplicaion ha h people se fr save gas and money .
I beiee that the peol in a fuue they wil begin to travlling shared car more time ad they ue less te public ransport as the train , e u , underground , c .
h prolem ta I saw with ts , It is at in the ftre will be more plluion , bause there wil be man cars .
Online Lernig
Posiiv things abut te onine lernign e da u are re mobile with your smartphone and you do nt av to arr so much paper with you , also your on your n and in yur own lring sped wat makes it mr spsiic on te user it elf . mayb your more conortable on your marphone then wth aers .
Neaticv abou the online lerning e dat your no listning to uch from ea ea person an mr from a omputer , if you do nt have any listening things in he a yo do nt rn ho to ponoune te word . in my persoal obinionits bete to lern foa techer not on dat you lern to proounce the ords correctly o also rn from a personwhat is in my onion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think s e st if we use te to ler as well .
o wrds i think its perfect but all t grammer and talking i think you ne a teacher .
I le ry 's Anatomy , his is suposd to be a medical dama , u I am sure thi show h been eloved cause of the sap per dram parts .
Terfore , I would like to highly state ht Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
e how seem diffiult , the charates always hav to face the situations whih is uneasy to ole , but prctically , thi show is a soap opera in hospital .
I used to think I eer lked soap opera , because it wa orig , o of date ad unworthy to watch , t hi was ju prejudice .
My mother als like this so .
Today 's elevisin is really good .
It show you movies , es an the new products .
The advertisements are a bi trcy because th now exactly when children watch , fr exmpl sfter Scoo .
And then th ust show produts specially o children .
So at a Specal im is a pecal advertisement for ti ae group .
ut it also shows the new products .
Advertisement is important for he conmy .
Eet some good moes they al so a lt of rubbish .
Or sometimes you see urng the day hoor movies which soul not be .
Wo ants tht tei child sees tis ?
Of course you can make a cild lok on he TV bu wn yo look hard eough or oe o wl fi a .
Eey a they sh the news .
So yu knw what is gog on in the word .
I think they show it ur time a day .
I would a if you kow how and when to ue a TV it is gd ut specially for oug peple who think it is a good entertainent to watc th wle day .
The TV people now what to lay that e childe t addicted to h TV .
Atttude about schols in Colombia and Australia .
The atitude of Colombia abou h educations system is disappointig in some areas and optimistic in oters .
In h same way Australians have a different attitude about tei edation systm .
Hwevr he atttude of e Colombian an Australian eople is differnt in mny ay .
In Colombian some people ha a high attitude about educaion but thee e ome others ht have a very lw attitude .
This is ecause in Colombia hre are a lot of sial - onomic levels which ma people to have a dffeent a dividd aitude towa eductin .
Simiarly , Australians have a dfferet attitude aou te education system .
This is depending on the believes and h ltures of t people .
This atiude is ore ased on the ackgrounds of he peop rather thn e sysem itslf .
Today I am vr exiting eause on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
I go th my older site , ddy n mommy .
We will have a od time there .
I wll eat tokyo , my favorite desset .
We enjo so ch .
Recntly , there is a growing country ose environment is destroyed by building house , hic accor for some debation .
Many would argue tt it disadvanages have already dispersed advantages , nd many othes vet his view .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of ot economy nd culturl dverity , the need of he reource is icreading , ich sd or building much - need husng and tranort networks .
Apparently , it is a go thng , becaus it is a sinificient symbol for te developent of a cntry ; however , on th other ha , doing large - scale buiding prjects may bing a galay of probes .
In the firt place , the nvironment is dsroyed , because tere a some tresses nd floers before ulidig the house .
What is wrs , th room of te house where some animls lve before , so they ot her houses , which beom the hoses of people , nevertheles , he eath is not only belonged to h hum .
Seondy , building ore houses not so muc because of livig by people , but more because of t econm , which is used for buildig speculatio an the price of t house is too expensive to buy for public peron .
Fr example , some pepe who have ots of mney iving in shenhn earn more oney by buying w pri and selling high price , athough they have hose to live .
Also , it is repoted th Chinese invesors hv dien up ousing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
Threfre , no long on the acts go unheeded , ad te governments av to eal wth these problems . We shoud forbid e act by seting certain w .
In a word , the government may appea in sme way , tt we should protec the earh ther than ol fau on ersonl profit .
owaday peol usaly s the car al the ds , actually for st of the iary tings ; despt the fact that there is small amount of peoe tha travel in public transport .
The cars pollue b amounts of carbon doxid , so tat is the rest of t gey skies of me citis lie Mari Beijing or ew Yrk a ry and this has to cange .
Ung the publi transport is " eathier " than the cr or th environment becus insde the bus can travel twenty three huma an is ony oe vehcle , oweer it would be wety cs .
Also people think tat travel in cars is ater than in public trnspor n I aee with it because the bus or the undrground is alays stopping in h difernt sttions , so in this way he car is better .
In my opnion , I will se h public transort , not always but oe hn e car lthogh you travel slowr because I at to se our planet , ha the rising generaton n le in od condtion .
My favourite sport
I have bee playing tnni since I wa a teenage and for tha rason tennis is my favourite sport .
The mn reason by which I lke playg tenis is because I can cntrol e amout of exercise tha I can do .
Tennis is n a coetive sot .
There are necessy jus two plyrs n if you e tired ad lose a match no e is going to be resosible but yorsef .
ha 's why ou can control yo limits .
esides , ou do t ned a lot of peope , as on foobal mach or exaple , to play tenni .
Sometimes it is difficu to oin so man llows to pacise a coletive sport .
Underontrary , on a tennis match you need jus o , dos n't matter if man or woman .
e exception is in a mah of double .
Even that you hae to fin only three more playr in ths case .
But , althug al ths advantages , h tenis plar h to take ar wth some daneros sitution .
r example , never tars a match witout a wam up because ou can suffer serious muscular injury .
It hppned th me once and was vy unconfortably .
Another er commom isk is to fall on the square wch an cause dangers scatchs .
In deste th risks , I recommend this sport for everyone o has a good physical condition .
u a oo racket , ar a air of ood shoes , find someone to ractise d start to enjoy .
Dear Sir or Madam
Reference to ou advertisement I would like to ply or the positio to wk in AMERICAN SUMER CAMPS , I am John fo he capital city of outh stte in India ,
I worked in middle ed shoo fo abu 2 years , where I a experience which ill be suitable for te curre positio .
as I wred in restaurant kitchen as a prt - tim jb , hw I gathered knowedge of bsi cooking mehods , hope it may helpful for now !
I beieve ha this j suitable r me !
hrewih I enlose the currnt cv as you can e he attachment !
I am inrested in work nw rk eviroment , kindly reply
thanking you !
yours trul
John
Hi my riend !
How are u ?
Thnk you very much fr your last letter .
It is vey nice hat y remebe me .
Now I wat to tll you about my smmr ork in loal cinema .
This is ve ool experience for me .
o shuld come to my city and il enoy .
Al this started on li .
I looked for every da some sume rk nd I found excellen option .
I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .
T first ay was very ni .
Everybody was friendly to me .
They exlaied all ervices procedures .
Scond d wa awful .
I did not know what going on .
My clents was very impolite .
I could o cope wi te responsibilities .
But my gd e el me ne important sentence .
Thi job would be bring if ver y wolud be ce .
He comforte me .
And now , I am hap .
In ork , I am confiet in work . I ve money ad satifaction .
I konw tht you ar like me .
d I no that job is for you ! Please cme nd work with me !
Best ishes your broo Bartek !
Dar Pau
Lst month I helped host a oncet in Timisara .
I ws t boy beind t curtin , I dealt it te ound of t concer u to my experice in professional music equipment .
I enountred during the cnert smll oblems but we have fixed ver easy thas to e am with whom I have workd .
Pleasure to wor at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see dierent clases of peple it diffent ages stting from the young a the elderly who forget all ou worie a ejy te same concert as if no and be sparate .
The experice is an unfogetable and I pe that I fel h same son at th nxt cocert .
Your friend Pogan
When they re together , th ke tt his history was bout to inish .
They could ive it this at .
People surrised to know his relation as brke for so lng .
hy seemed happy to share heir le .
Nevr nobody had any discussion .
Tey always were so frindly , nd so kind ... th was strange imae hat ed But that was the sad ealit .
en ad to dcide with who would stay their cat .
Tey me wih he layr .
They presented arguments to get the cutody and the laye istend tem very carefuy to ecide ty can not hav the cat .
The cat had to go to h anial residency and tey had to ay the expenses .
The meeting ended .
Michael closed the oo nd nw at the mmet he h made a stake
Michael made a very bad miste ....
her are the most bad mistake ha he does in all your life ....
r mom wuld kl him !
Bt firt , I ill tell you all the sory since h beginnng .
Miael ws a boy vry inellient .
He was te best stdnt in her clas .
The by had a mother .
Mia that a e name .
e always asks to Michel to never disrespect wen people are at the dor and always be olite .
ia could n't accept whe om have badly .
And Michael ad every tim hat he never wil do that .
u , o d d , ia think that she could do a test .
Se wuld get dressed as an ol woman .
So she said to Michael tha she would go shopping d he wou return soon .
Then s put her cove of an old wmn nd took hr way om .
Gting there , e knocked on h door .... icael open t doo and Ma ask if he has a c of water to gie i a he ys way he would gv a u of water to an ld pepl .
In this moment , M ook away her cover nd Michel s :
OM !
These is the ms mistke I did in all my li !
Te building was initial planned as the deral Legilative Pale during e egime of Prfirio Díaz , ecause the society a goveed an supported for the presient .
In later time , society fel the ne for change about iniquities ta pass in the countr and the xican Revolution explotes , he bildig is abandoned bcaue he government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building meal estructure was use as weapns .
After te revolution , contructin wil s for represented the win of revlution
Almost very amil ave a ar no .
They use these car to trave , fo shopping , to driv to wr .
It is so much mo conveiet .
Only in the bg city , people ue public tanspor to will not be traffic .
My mother and my father had a iht to eah other , hey wated t togethe .
The vn asked me , I wanted to go with wh , they rabed my hands , wanded me go themself , u I had no idea , becas I love my mother nd my father so mch .
I wanted we ca ve tgethe forever , they taked car of me , loved me , we lied in the same hue , we a a happy family .
I thinke ths things .
Fiall , I ied , because I could n't decide a choice , my fthr an my mother sa I cry , decded not keep going , d they saied sorry to each other an me .
Hi Peter !
How are you ?
I 'm appy for yu !
I agr with your arnts , maybe ou oul sen your moey with something y eally eed n maybe you cn by comter games with h money yo av left , or aye ou put asid money to buy smething really importat to u .
If I were you I wait to spend t moey .
t me nw what you decide .
ee you soon .
When I was at uniersit student , I wanted to swim wel but I could n't swim . because I did n't have to swim in my lfe .
so I decided to ear swim or summer vcatio .
First , I registere a siming pool then I went back to h swimmig ool every day in e arly morning .
After 6 months I coul swim well until no .
so I satisfied my dciion at 13 years ago .
Noadas I usuall went back to th swimin pool in te wekens .
Someties I got d of my sress .
I thogh the swimng a t es of srts in my life beaue you an use ou dy muscl eveythin .
So u could a lose weight and aied muscles .
Se of my friends thy did n't wnt to show their bd by soene . ecase a l of sudents did n't ave execis .
We did n't ha to enough ime toa .
t I alays said my friends " If ou want to av fit bdy , o wil reister swimming pool .
" So many friends learend to swi .
Dear Dan ,
Thank you o sending he AA eort to us .
The rort was disussed at ou meting , a we wish to congratulate you on cmpletig is audit and providing the details and evidence on improving th outcomes from students results in this er .
ne straight oservation was t w number of stents at av tkn the math ourse .
We wondered if some work eed to be done to increase h student attendanc in the mh coure .
The digra gves informaton aout vaious stages in the process of mkng bak nots .
It is true that there ae five stags in th whole process.we can e that th processes begi wit design nd end at packing and distribution .
looking at the informtion in mr detail .
Initially , bank nte huld be considered th design such as background cour , rtwok , n securit issus.the,h peparation of tal plats is next stage.ban note should be sklle d mhinists.thereafe,his stae is printing .worke shuld p attentin to colour on both sides , special ink , d iage slightl rased .
sbsquently , this step is mst important.bank oe shuld be inpcted.bak nte seaated ito go an bad if e good qualit shts , th nex stag is packaging an distribution.at ths sae shets shoud be cut into searate bnk note , pake , n dispatched . if t bad sheets.the nest stag is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destoyd .
The diagrams show bank not how to make , tere a four steps to mak the bak nte .
First , the bank notes are deiged by consider , thinkig fro background colour , atwok , security issues .
Then , te mta plates are preparatd by skilled machinists .
And then , h sheets are printed , operator should py attention to the clour on bt sids , special n , n images slightly rise .
Thid , hi is the mo important st that print shets manull inspecte , the ts shets are classfied tree areas .
Te nmbr one caled good quality sheet , they will be aced n dispatched .
Te net cled partially amged see , and ban noe sepaaed nto good ad a , oo sheets wll be cutted nto seprte ak tes nd packed , the ad one wll be destroyed by fair .
he number three called bd sheets , thy ll be securely destroyed .
This a method of king ak noes , and the orater should pay atenton to the pinted sheets o to inspect .
These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce apr money int the applicaion .
Befr th productin , ey shoul thin out the cover , incluing background clr , artwork and oes whch mk it ifferent ro the illegal ones , thn pt them into e printing machnes to cete them .
On te top of the seps is h inspectation by hns , that is to say , the shoul be separated into ll - qualiied ones , which are to be cut no ban otes , ad deliverd to t banks an t bad ones which ca n't be utilited a fired deiniely at he la stage .
In a wors , e processing of makn oney to bas is ver creative and serious , even rigid .
I now tha we can os anything that we want but ot ie this .
ae up wrd .
Lo at yu .
is your nose om your phone , an look at all hes nice things that the ife is giving us .
Read a book or play ootball if that is what ou lk .
We ae arcitecs of u own destruction .
We have to live or lie .
You ca n't ve onl on Facebook .
YOL !
YOU ONLY LIV ONCE !
I hin public ranspor do n't lost .
for example me , I do n't av a r thus I usually use a train in my shool .
I think that is enou .
If I will go travel I thnk a cr is very useful . u Movment of long distnce is ry te .
Consequently , you ca n't fun trael .
Cilden ca n't get a car license thus chilrn s Public tanspot .
Of course , Do n't he a r lcese people ca n't dre a ar .
Accordigly , I think need public transpor .
I thin that mbers of our family ca n't be our et Fiens , beuse maybe we do not hae e ame condence that we have in ur Friends .
F exape , maybe you have a personal ituatio , that is vey imrtant to you , b you do n ant ur family kow about it , so ou decd to tl your best ried , because you ko she wo n't te ayody .
I think it dpends on th situation , on te othr hn , your sister or brother , a be on of your est Friends , y a tl them important things , ut sk em not to tel your parents .
I 'm stuyin Business Administration , I hink my mjr is so busy .
But al whe I 'm orking on a project whch invols business , I feel rewarded .
Actualy I realize that busynes is not fr the major , everybody now Tec is very deanandant nd if you wanna be there you mut ork hard .
I 'm dreamng to be an Buiness dminitrator wen I 'll be older , firstly I wnt to work an a sport company lik UA and then I may hve a lttle varit on wor .
Fially I ope to t my n business .
Faml members re the peole who will comany us in our whole lif .
Compare to ur classmates or co - workers , the members of or family now us the os .
Te now wat our habits re , hat we ink bou and wha we like to eat .
Family members re t ost important and est iends in u life .
Frst of a , family membes are those who wi keep in touch forever , so hey ko or habits h most .
orover , they know ho to iteract with us . They ca make you hapy , cheer up yr mind and alwy support yu when y a in trouble .
econdly , amily emers always know wht we are tnking abot .
Fmilie reaze r mind so mch ; Howvr , our clasmats or compnies ca n't rea ta bcause they do n't tay ih us l h time .
Oly families ca know us the st becuse they li wi us when we came to this wrl .
Final , family membrs wi lways repar the food yo li to eat .
They alwas ive yu wat we lie to at .
In addition , th lways supply uc od to us so that we wo n't stay hngry .
Besides , atin with our families are e of the most happiness this in our lif .
In conclusion , only amly membes know wat we are mst deeply .
Also , amiy memers a he pope tat we ill always want to stay in onact forever .
Bause of h reasons above , we a say that t members of our family r our bst friends !
Tenn , tnis is t jsut a sport anyn can play b it 's prfessionl spr needs to moe hard trinee and me me to be perfect in it , in fst y I hoos tenns ? , serisly in 203 this is my irt time to watch th game on TV when I saw roger feerer layed I thnk he is he on tha ade me love this spt , due to it 's prfesional moin in layig h bll , from ths time I was itrested in ths game d wahing ll championship , so oe tme , tie an time it s my fairite spot .
my advice is be patient , be smart ts sport n ay but it 's need more rainee , more te to be one of e gretet ayer in th ge
MY BEST FIND
I met my bt friend , Ais , at a fied 's in cmmon party s ears ago , hen we were 25 .
hie I a acing she push my by accident , she d n't noticed it so I thugh she s an rogant perso at fis .
Bu , hen or fiend in comon intrdce her to me I ralize at she s a funny n nice person .
Aisha is a funny ir , she is alwys making jks , d she really knws ho to ha n .
Her partis r alays th bs .
Sh ves dncing and se is really a party aiml .
S is also a good listener , she always know wat to say in a d momet and she is always ther he a friend is in trouble .
Aisha is in his theties .
he 's from Marocco , so sh s Arabian fatures , o example , se is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , s has long dk wav hai ad blck expsives big eyes .
S is tanned and has a sm compeion .
Dea Redactio ,
I have just ra , that yo need reviews of soaps opera .
I av ne favourite soap opera .
This is a ' Beverly lls 0210 ' .
I lve is fl , because it shows tenages life .
Ad I ke see hw te lo ke .
I like tir style a lv .
They lean at schol , they have problems with eac other , th fall in lo , have patis .
Most of l I like Brenda , ecase she is a mart , beauiful person .
n she wears the bes clotes ever !
I woul li to be lie sh .
I hik ha a lot of eple can learn how to lve , what hink , a , wear from this soap opera .
My best fried is my sister .
Although I hae 5 ebers of my family bu just one from 5 is my rea fried .
She di a ot for me , my le
.
In my opinion , th is o a logical statement hih jies wth the fact .
Frst of all , although tavellig by a become mre convenient , he growing population wic cau persoal vehicle is hard to manage .
he traffic jam becomes me and more sriou as fr .
uc as Beiing , the metropolis in Chna , fces the salie bd traffic as ch gverment ha to encourage e citzen go to wok by public transport uc as bus a subwa .
Aparntly , this method has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
So , t ublic transport is plying an imporant roe in our daily life , It shows an idspensable effects on the society wrk .
Craiova
ntrodution
The i of th report is to inform the committee about h atracions of this tow .
The report is ase on the pinions an ranking of eopl and citics that have ee visiting tese places .
Twn ener
In the town cntr here are mot attractions as wel as o of t be bars in th regn " the Albastirca " .
May visiors come to it bu hre r more attractions than only oe bar .
There is a giant rk which mab the vistors would be dighted to vit as it has anias , a nfair d a lake .
Puses
What 's more abot he town is that it is n't ackig shopping facilies .
It a a big mall th has been eently ened up , ad it contains everything the vsitrs mght need .
On the ote e mall lacs a cnem or so resturats as it ha been recent opend .
Conclusios
To s it up I strong sgest that te visitors say as much as possible in hs town as it has almost everythng that a m needs .
me eope s the is no futr for public transportation b I do n't tnk so .
People w elieve it do n't ce about ai ollutio d traffic .
im is a sml ity wher there is no oe pace for anther car .
Moreover , it is mr approppiate to start constrcing road which re onvenienc for e marity .
first my favorite sport is futboll n i lie for ny reasons for example whie you re wthing a match you 're gin to eel exited and entetainig besde ht fubl has the et foboll plar tn ever who is l ms he 's the best and he s able to aweme tuf when he 's plying .
Yesterday morning a group of American toust wnt to a bke ride fo thouh t centr of Buenos ires City .
One of them was intercepted by a n on a mtorcycle , he seemed to ae 28 yea .
h m was armed ty to steal e backpack .
But he ot be fixed that the man was a cmra in i ad an hi action wa fimed .
He as furous becuse the American do n't undesand what he would y .
h tourst a surpred to see a gun , h robber oced te man in he street and then the tourist put to run .
He was very lcky because e unma etrned to pick up his motorbi n ke hs gun .
he man u to wher is friends and sough a oice .
The found a police ner it and made he complaint , te group continued the bik ri a rturned their htel totally cared .
After two days a with the help of e flmig the gunman s captued and brouh to ustie .
N he was arested and harged before a mgistrte for the robbery , waiting fr is sentence .
Th torists return to h country ry scared .
How ca I start ? shuld i sart with peakin about myslf or about my country or but my famiy or about my lfe ?
It is ha f an easrn girl to do wh se lies bause of her society 's traditions and customs .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years l girl who is gaduated fro faculty of engineering and ant to trave to Germay to coplete my tuy but I am o le to do this becaue my famil il not allow me to travel lne .
I am ryig to change my famly 's opinion so ha I can tvel .
College is the nly plce whee i feel I am special hat is w i alays lke to ther .
How we treat the eart has a diret impact on ourselves .
Tody , because of o progress of indstry , we prduced so many nvionmental problems ta a n't appard befe .
r xamples , lk of rity wter , shrtag of electricity , climae cnge , natual sourc depletion , nd etc .
h problems we n't so sigifican that we overlooked them , u n they bome serious threat that we ca n't ignore .
w can we solv these problems ?
Jut chge your daily habis .
Thr are so many qestions .
Who we re ?
What do we do ?
Why we mk mistake ?
There is no clear answ but the sure hig is we e huans .
As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .
But we shul n't make am mistakes .
If yu wrong , I will fix ou nd if I wrng , leas i me .
Anyway , we old mke mistakes , if we do te new challenges and e tasks .
We ae to fix it all again .
Introducion :
The aim of this eport , is to sho ow do my town tes care of the environment .
Home rubbih :
The mayor , in collaboraion with ipr , distributed lealts with informaton on " H to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains hw to separate he he rubbish .
Instead of putting he rubbish in oe trashcan , the familie should separate it in three different grps - paers , glsses n plastics - and put it int the correc eco point .
Th company responsible for ubbih collection collecs of the garbage , aredy sparated by the families , ad aterwards des te recicin .
Hw does he town reats h environment :
The City Ha is very cncerned in kepig te are cleaned .
In spte of the infrmatie sessions about the enviorenment , organized by th Myo f all of the resdentes , it also has lots of staff tat leans the streets , te ce of the city garens a colet he grbage .
E fredly :
In conclusion , I wold lik to y tat th city whr I live maintnes th city cleaned and attractive , for people tht live thre and for ths wo isi he cy .
I do beliee th h mebrs of my family r my bes friends for many reass.first of al , we t the me education as we grw ogeher we ow each other .
If I suffer ro ay poblm the frst sp I do is I r to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I knw he is only member that an asst me .
Seondly , if I need money I will cme back to my brother or sister I ak them to borow some mone .
I ink public rnsport hs good prospect in t future according on following rasons .
First , th tred of environmentlly friendly has grow sine h shortage warenss of fuel , taking blic transport ca deceas h ai polltion by car , an moe goverments ha build the pbli transport system including suwa , bues c .
The ranspor in the city is n't inconvenient as ear ago .
The other is , traveling by ar is n't onenient if you go to e fmus resorts , most famous resorts lack of pakig lot , travelers may ped hours to ar .
On t contary , pepl wh ta the public tansport c mre enjoy e travel because te do n't ast vitality on driving .
To summarize , bease the velopment of public transport is more an me compet , the advantage of travelling by ar ws placed by pubic tansport gradually , the future of t public transrt is ight .
My favurte sport is football .
It gis me mn a postive energy n f .
I have played for 12 yes .
I am o a pofessonal plae .
I play jst for yourself
Sometimes If I would ike to play football u it rins I can wtch football on teevison .
If I pla wih my best frieds at football I wil be a goalkeeper .
In football my favourite position is golkeeer .
It is really hard to gie some advice .
We av to be very atient .
My avie is only one .
If you pratse yu wll achieve skills .
In Somalia , people usually tro the rbbish a garbage in everywhere , n ter is no a cycl which intened to keep it .
The city council are tackling with how they can ke the city clean , an eah d ever oring thre ar emloyes whose work are to collt and keep e environment len .
Many of the main oad of Moadshu are tting ttractive by the a and th people begu to ma their city clean .
Swimming is my favorite por , I ually swm 2 or 3 ti a wek , swimming is a good sport espcally in smer .
Suy sys the cl war wil ol th bod tmprature dwn and at means it wil bun h boy a fat then te othr spr .
The ther advnage of th sim is the lss impac the knee .
Swimming will be e good xercise to te pele w e not le to jo or een wak .
By the y , some people do n't lik to swi ecause th have difficult finding th swimming pool , I hnk tht just an euse to be laz , the Internet wil lp you to ind ot .Let go to swim .
FOOTBLL_MY FAVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , there are mny choies to spn in or fre time such as go shopping , travelling , listn to music , reading , etc ..
u to me , I choose paying pot in my free time .
Football - t st popular sport in e world , is well - non as " King por " .
There r two eams n each eam has the sa amount of payers : maybe 6 , mbe 7 and aimum 11 .
e objective of th game is to sore by kicking e bal int e opposing goal .
Actually , I bgan to pa football when I wa 10 years d .
I lay footll in my fe ime until now .
Thre are many reaons w I ejoy football .
My frst idea , foball make us stay in shape , avoi ome diseases .
A second idea , It helps us ae new frinds when I take prt in some fotball tm .
I hv relationship wi people wo are playing fotball wh me .
The t only help me in vey match but also share me everything in dily life .
A fally dea , football makes us enjoy o ife and increase quality of life so far after worig hors .
Eating a balanced dit is somthin vry important for anyone especially for pregnant woe , chidren nd od peope as their bodies need more nutrition an younger peopl .
Although balanced diet wil offer energy an italiy but that 's not all of he ing , Exercising is imporant o in aditon to the balanced iet .
My fvurit sport is fotall i lo it so ch wen i wa young i used to watch football ad my favorite tem is Barcelna i s play wit my friends at h steet and we w happy ih that so much nd after ha we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is h be player at t world a f people telling me tt messi is the bet player but i feel angry when i er ta because tt is ot true so i looki forwd to meet my et plyer one day its ke a dream to me .
I think t alohl is h most dangeous ddition a arund th world .
Beaue many peol hve died or this , d it 's really had to stop ti addctin ee if the erso wnt to stp it .
my favrite sport is wimming
i sm 2 mes per a week
sometims i go to the swimming pool in he me aea whic i wo ther and soetims i go to h swimming pool of my cosin ,
i ejoy when i spend my time in te water and no en i am pegant i am afraid when i sim wih a group of peope i keep tlling te and scramig do o close wt me ! ! !
hhh sometimes is funny
bu my husbnd he takes cr of me he doe n't alo to anyone to be mc cloer wt me ,
my mother in a s les swimming o
last igt we went to th wimming pool it was a ltle bi cold ut we liked so we went to t pool and srad to siming i kow how to swim very wl b sh does n't she s to hae a suprt otherie she ca nt .
to : Emma Brw@ ........... co.ukDte : Thu No 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello mma .
When I read yr e - mai I was very surprie about it .
Well , I hik it is really reative .
If ou want to visit me you ave to do it in e net month because I ve a fotball tournament , and I mt participiate .
So what about next month , 12th of Deembr?I would like to sugest a dish naed " lody Lvr " .
It ould be trange or the ohers , but it is rlly delicious if sred wh con .
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
It is a bi r fo my home , behind te fuel tatin oc we et your ar .
To anwe your quetio , I can not attn h party beacuse I do nt ie theese knd of patie , b I wish you ood ck!Almos
We the management of Te Arch London Hotel received you mail a shes to le yu kn th you shoul make knwn to us te posion o desired to wr in i return ail along wit a scan copy of yr igned contrct of agreement to enable us mae eer necessary correctins .
Thank u .
Wen it cms to puic transport , the future is relatively rk according to the prospecion .
Inde all e indicators ho hat humain behavior wil not change at least in t following eades .
Car ontiues to atrct people .
In the other nd , Governments e nt able to chage transportation policies to enhance pubi transort level of service .
Mlaga is a town that tak ca of h environment .
Around the cit , there are a lt of containers fo rubbish , pieces , lastic and crystal .
All people has very coe someone to recyc .
Also , you can u clothes and shoes that you do n't ne it fr Africa children .
So , Malaga is responsibl with the environment and with eole wth moe necessities .
Secondly , in Malaga thre are strong nd hard ruls for factorie .
Tee companies us take care of the environment or ty would ha to a g tax at e counil .
So , in eneral , I thin alaa is ve responsile with the environment and acts in consequence .
The a of livng change everya : if we tink aout our randpaents ' , but also abot o rents ' life , we notice many differencs .
bove all they alkd me : we live in te e of the telecomunication nd nn culd li without their obile phone or heir computer .
Be always in conta with our friends has come our ay of living .
Mreover als simple things re chged , for exampl he ood we et : some mes ago everythingh as naturl , ealthy ... b now everyone eat always " juk foo " and thigs ie tat , wch ar cpletely unhealty !
Howeve , Ho will pple 's lif chage in e next 50 yes ?
As a result of what I have jst said , in my oinin people wo n't ha a " really life " : everyone will be away more involved in the virta life so at they will foget ho to talk ac ohe d o expes own feelings !
About h fods , I imagie a fute sociey in hic estaurant wo n't exi : people will t only junk foods and fo , wich has been prepared before , fod in n ... so all unhealthy hingh , which will cause many prblems .
r hi eason I also imagine tt in the ture doctor and scientists will have so much to do !
Do not ru ou le , it could be all so perfect !
My favourite spor is soccer .
Alo , we can lear to help each oher in h tam .
My favorite trc is ntmeg .
My favourite scce laer is Frank ampard .
My favourite team is Chelea FC .
My favourite soce pich is og Kong Stadium .
My favourite sccer is te Bzuca .
I started soccer when I was four .
I often play sccer wt my father an my brother .
Whe it is holiday , my brother and I lay occr wice a week .
It is raly good to py soccer !
Everyne is afraid of omethng .
A o of people e afad of catasrophc vets ve thought it 's vey improbable tat e ame thig will happn to us .
me fer are instincive n it 's postiv because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good reponse .
But the phobia r which we experience ht are life - threateng ad ey can disrupt veryday life , b peope n et over with th right sot of theray .
So if we wt to live a life which is n't controled by ou fears , we ut try to be mr oective and a mre atention to the real ngers .
We shold spend less im worying n mor time bin hapy !
In 18 , H.G. Wells wrote h story ( the wr of th worls ) , so it was inevitble ; people bgn to e space creatures eveywhee .
Science ficin magazne and storie spread .
And e flying saucers ' cultre has dominated . They will be gre in lor .
They will hav three eyes , antennas ovr their heads , d guns firing green extraction .
ey wnt to ccuy t lanet Earth because , accordng to hem , ou resources are til igin ..
Alison rad th note , smile , d immeiatly put on he coat .
Alison put on e coat , lose the or an nt to his parents house by cr .
She went to hs arens hue beaus they se he an mil that said at his faher is ay after the oparation .
Wh lion knock on is parents door she noice that there were many peop in her parents huse , a ma ope e ront door .
When she enterd th house , a m w looking at her ith a a face , whe sddenly ths n shot with a gu to Aliso ather .
Alsn lf e house very sared , it ws a dream .
Nowadas , public transport is usd f man people in te cities , we can fd diffeent types of th , sh as bu
tube an trin , bt is there a future for it or not ? , I am gog to respond hi question giing disadvantanges and avantages an nally I gie my persoal opinion .
To egin with , Plic transports is not as comfortable as usn our wn veicle , every d , about all in the morning , it is uually crowded , d to people th begin to work .
Secondly , ming in a ty in public tansport could be horrible , ter are too many statio , and we spend a lot of im on them unti we arrived at ome .
Althug I ae writen sme disadvantages , ublic transport is better ha pivte .
Fistly , if anyon wat to move in he ity usin th cr , that cld be er expensive , e to trafic jam .
eondly , Public transport is more ecological ad less polluted wh the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted um , nd an of them s green nergy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my oit of view , public transport is more necessary now than nev beore , ctes cntais more automoviles ad the pollution is worse , we ne to change our id , n y to use the as other altenative to improve te nvirommet of our cites .
as week , my cls and I wn to Sicily for a schooltrip .
we visited my cities .
the ist day we ent to Tormna ad iardii Naxos , the day aftr we isted iracus , the thi day Agrigeto n The vlley of the temles d the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
I ejoyed l the cities we saw t te bst in my pinion is Siracusa . in parioular I liked Ortigia at is the oldet rt of h ci .
I als ikd the Valley of the temle of Agrigento so mh : it w aazing .
I hik at t wrst thing of h rp is that t la nigt in our om hee were a lot of insects and ome spidrs and we mus change Room .
public transport no a days has become a bit uncomfortble beause we an no thnk of availability of seat .
large number of people s it wih reslt in over - loaded ues d trains .
it take too much me to ravl by public transport tha by ersonal vehile.the is scacity of bue in pulc transpt d her timings oo are not fixd .
ravelin by car or a other peronl veicl is oo much re convenient beause it takes too uch less time n it takes us irecly to h plae were we wan to go .
In a recent ime priet trasport is more conenient thn pubic transportaion , although public transport ike buses , train , ferres and intercty ail ae cnsumin les time a energy but smetimes t create problems .
In public transport eople oun to shar transport means with stranger ad also we have to persu comay olcy or reulations , but with ther o transport we do n't have to othe about these thing we travel when we ant and when we have time .
We do n't ve to boo tikets in private transport .
So we cn say that travelling in their o transportation is more comfortabe .
Peop had drived car to go a wrk .
he cty have a t traffic .
They prefr to go work car than us .
Pubic trnsport is very eap ten car n reduce traffic in the city .
It 's ru dve by car is so uc mor conveniet , because eple do n't nd to wai bus .
They cn drive ny hu , they can to go and to come any oent .
The can rvel ather pce , iependent th hor .
s , oat and tra are ublic ranport mot used o peopl .
Some citie her are n't bt , because do n't have iver or sa .
It 's comum in city the bus .
Some bus have speil and preferencial t to ol eole .
his is interesting becue peopl are practice soliary .
I think could have a t bus in city .
Mny r is oluent or planet and is aergic to people .
The rain do n't hv poluition .
Th transport is better to population an do n't ve traffic in city .
Another iea is ride a icycle and to wa stret .
hi can help heuthy t peopl nd ity wl sty mot lan .
So we must reduce by a on stret .
We ll be very hay and we .
will be mo heauthy .
My fvourite sorts walk , I really li hi port o seveal reaon :
1- It 's very common I can do it anywhee and anytime I wa .
2- It 's very cheap , I il t buy anything to do .
3- It 's not ard sport , in al cases I wll ot be ird after walkn .
4- It mkes me relax bcause I st doing my acvity ro work d sudy .
5- It ges me ig te to thk on all my li without an distributins from anybody .
cause al these reasons wlking is my favourite spr .
From few ers , pople use differet typs of transprt . We ride by bs or by r .
We fly at plane or something oer .
The travelling by a is mo convenient in my opinio .
Frstly , you save mny if yu e a car .
he yu ide by b , yu pay more .
Moreover o travel ith the ohe pople .
Yu sta in que for buy a ticket .
Seodly , you should feel uncomfortable .
At soe means of transport is to crowded and you ven ' t t a place to stay .
omeimes you i on a window .
It is n't good .
Fnlly , if yu ride a c you must ae aou timeale . You a go at vry ou .
Whn o go by bus for eamle , you mus wait at cd bu stati .
I hate this .
At um up , in my opinion travelling by cr is bettr .
Yo hae comfort , o feel bettr .
Y do n't have to worry hat you do n't arrive in me .
Unfortunately , is very sad to a ha people in my town do not care aut the enviroment .
We ee to stat doi smething to avoid containatio .
her are so many litle thig we col do to cre for he environment .
So ma storms , and al the things happening around e world are the result of not tkng cr of e only planet we have to li .
I suppose their liftil intlerable , reteess d I relly sympohise ih tem Magtity of utstaning and appreiaed popl ae fustrated .
They urn into rrogat a friou idols because of hortge of ptivate lifetm perpetual ttention .
That is a ptiles trial for celebrities bit through tck and thi they go on .hy arciev the oal ade exceptionally in sak of mon and vanity .
I realsed it is not worh it .
Tank o for ou care .
Thre is one thing confus me that is the ld extension number .
I always answer some wong cals d these calls distrc me .
I receive mn alls lokng for he pevios worker and I ed to spend my time to explain ha happend to him .
My I have a ew xtensin mber ?
Thanks r your help .
ea Jo ,
omaia is a beauiful country and ha mny jbs .
Also thr r ma placs to s , mounain , lae here ou an relax and av fun .
The js a nc and you can wo for thre months .
Ter is good pay also .
I also wor in ummr as a witrss in a terrace .
It is good and people are nic .
e u son .
Hi ,
I hope yo are wel .
I 'm writing ou a lttr bease I ws mde a short film wh my fiends , and I wnt to tl you wha is th film aot ad how was the experience .
The idea of mk a film comes up a aturday ngh at a metin of friends .
At first we thougt tat t idea s just a ke , but Jake , on of my fiends , id tha he had cared a video camera .
When Jak said ta , we stat rr with laughter , ut then , nothr friend ofered the idea to do a home film .
h xpeience aou t film was amazing , because we laug all niht and we enjoyed that very cool dea .
In itsl , e film did n't av an especiay pic , but I can escrie it like riend 's im as appes lt of laghts , jokes , and it refleced tat friendship is t greatest thing tht exists .
By the way , I 'm sending the film togther wh hs letter .
e me kn about you and yor lfe .
Hpe to hear from y on ,
Bianca
Runnin is my teray .
I startd running to oe weight and ende in a lie chagng exeriene .
Some m ay that running is very simlar to religion , bt to me is mor than that .
Runing coects me to my inner Godess .
Running is cheap and evryoe can ake up nning , no experience required after all it is just oe step afte th other .
In My countr Bus 's car is te essetal public trsport .
So I got a lot roubes :
1 . Everyone seds much times to rael .
2 . Bu car 's driver does n't care peole h aroud him .
Tha ens he is a careless , who lways ives o fat
But puic traport has advntages : If we uses it is the essenal transport to trvel .
Therefore nvirnment il be mroved .
Mab traffic 's accdent is decreased
I am writing to repor on the local transport of Toluca .
The publc transport most ue in Toluc is el s bcause it is he most cheaper , but it is very ba and unaf , the ualiti of it is very b , te buses are old d obsolete these have brokn indos and old ad broken seats .
The service is very d t drivers r very ngry and strese out these do not led with cauition , in Touc exist report of high rts of ccidents by buses .
The pubi transprt is unsafe because groth the theft an kidnapping express to users .
I sugget changig e l uss by new ues and pu security cameras in the bses .
That t ameas transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at oer buses to ensure ta they ae alert , d that t dvers eceiv trning and sanction by conduct ad .
I think we live very uick , always runnig , we do n't enoy our les .
Bcaue we want a lot of ney , a lot of hings ... we are always working for giing more ony , we do n't mee our neihour for example .
Maybe in he future wll be worse .
Thr is is no ftre fo pbli trnsport because ca has made if so eas .
It 's economically and practically is ore expensive .
Peol
Prfr to u rs instead of public transport .
It 's saves time .
In old times luuries were t considered as compare to Heslth bt w every o prefer to sve te and maintain privcy wich one a onl ffrd by usin he / i priate transport so gradaly publ tranport loing it charm .
public transpot
I think it 's very important as it reduce t problem of oh pollution and population we se f transport as it is i and carr a lot of peple .
underground , trans and buses hes means of ransport are cheap so it helps e por to save some money .
government should ake are of public trnspot they houl ae means of entetainment peoles should keep them cean d saf if te ue it carelesy it ll be useless N The is no uture o ulic transport , becue travellng by c is so much more convenient .
cars are faster than ubli transrt so cars ar mor convenient thn public transport it is easier , faster n more comortabe espially in lon dstances so gornments should improv ulic transport as not a people have cars
Now a day 's travllig eame asier or the humas to ove all er the word .
Ma of th people habituated to use their on vehicl as their transport , here hy can rech their destinato in time .
In the following paragraphs , I present my viw in th controversial sue .
first , We e having different mos of trnport facilities , whic mong is road transport .
As Automotive Industries are huge in arke , most of the hoe oldes prefe to buy a car rahr than any othr motor vehicle .The can hve asy move from soure to destination with in no tme .
And thee nee t to be deped on the publc transpot of thir joney .
As prvate transport is increasing d by day , it 's surprises that ther may no be ny pbic transpor in up coming days .
Seondly , if the private transpration is rowig fstr , the tafic is also going to create a major poblem , wich effects the lobal warming .
And he incme tha is gttin through ths servicing tasport ll automatcally dopown , which create a problem to the economy of t government .
Ather isue we can s re is unemployment .
Most illiterat people choose thir profciecy as publi transportations like , bu service , b servic , auto service .... t , in order to fu fil their basic needs .
ople with more unemployment y also ed to a cre rate .
I ho , gvng eqal priority fr both public and private transportation kes healthy .
n we can ee tt contollng traffic is n goin out of th hand .
In a times and plces there is alws sm tyical food of th cuntry where we liv .
My name is Laura and I liv in Argentina .
Here , in this counr there are tpicl ishes , desserts , drinks .
oe of them are , roast , mte n se others , but toe are t bs known .
On th one hand , I like to have thng typial in eh cunty , aart from they a deicious , because wen ou 've got the oportuity to travel , you cn go d experience with the food o .
On t othr an , the bad thing abot when thre are so delicious food , it 's ta always you wan to e some typial food of yu country and at the d it 's very bad fo the ody becuse we eat he in excess .
In ten year , they did n't chang that things , because they r delcious and no one would lke to t anythng othr than ost !
i think if the goverment do the best ork aut the traspot , they can save it .
he puic transport is the st way to av te lane and hav a bes atmosphere ; so we fe money n can met pople .
it is true e car is oe confortable , but it us a t of mineral recurses like etrol ic a contaminte the ambient .
i do nt hin th public trnsport does nt he future , there ae a lot of pople wo c no buy a ca and has to ue the comunite transport .
Public transport is er much complicated n a dys .
Place le Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
ay by ay popl re increaing in Mmbai .
rwd is moe and l h pole want to travel by pulic transport so it is dificul to travel . Best wa to travel in thre
w ar or n .
This will avd their time .
Transprt are good way to travel from lace to aother place .
I had word wit a y and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
It will be god to intevie ot an you a decide .
I am hoping this by wil come fo the inerview as he a sayng recently he has got a new job .
Is the Internet the greatest invention of all tm ?
Iternet is a useful means for everyone , so we ae geting on with distnt friend , a we loo o important information when we are studying or entrtainament thmsel .
rst of al , I am going to talk about advantges n disadvantages r this topic .
rst adavantage , is Interent too mch uic , for example when you nt infomatin abot ometing .
Second advntag is Internet by webst , such as witer , faebook ... Yo allow speak with your quick frie , or you can met ith thm by website , theefor yu do t call by tlephone , so iteret is too muc che .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with i cmpute games ad mobile poe .
Both omputer game and mbilephone have got inernet , as a resul , thy ae not got time t nother traditinal games .
Ote disadvantags is hat , people do o meet wit fiens , since thy speak by website Internet , so every tme tre is ules relationship , the people is t ociabl .
To sm up ntrnet is an progress mor important in e world , t to ter e a lot diadavantags and advanges .
In my point of view , Internet is useful o everyone , but we should nt abs , so caring ou anoter activies .
Good Thrillr was o my favorite tye of gender until I saw ' No Escape ' .
Tis mie is about wha happes in the ra lie right now , on t other de of the world .
They persecute an American family ha went ecuse of the dad 's o , which a something abt a comny tha e aties from that lce aed most .
Without expecting it at l , his family wen somewhere over Asia to start a w y of livig .
In ohr wods , hey a to e use to a different kind of world .
It w n't hat easy fo the cule wh two little girls .
They d to espe ith the doors fom the country cloed , hle making sr both gis dd n't get their mns ull of junk ( peoe killing ) .
An in soe of e senes the little girl esaped or t d hd to make them jump from a building to other ne !
Anyways , I oud n't want to ruin the eing ut I ould definitely eommend yo to e what happens next !
Hele , I i n't expect this .
It was a ge surrise for me !
I really appreciate you car tht u nt me .
It made me peechless !
I have never ot anthing ik this .
I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
We ere having a oo time .
ey , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a tuden in he Acdmy of Fianc .
I come from Nn Bih province .
The are 5 people in my family : my fathr , my mother , my oldr sister and my young brother .
I wants to become an accountant .
Hello Mr Smith ,
Srry so much , bt I ca n't go to cass next ee because I av to work .
Sayng hat , could you tel me bou nt ek 's work ?
I 'll r to ork at ome .
Than yo .
Regars ,
Laura Pérez
ea Bubn Lo Property ,
I lot my phne on 15th Jan 017 at 5 pm in Dubi city centre .
I still remember ung my phone in Dublin city centre at he entrance .
I lost my pon nr steet no 1 .
He is description about my pone - mod hone 6 , gray olor and there as scratches on backside .
Tnks
Rites
Dear Princpal of the Effective Learin School
I am interesed in our adrtisement u post in an English language magazin .
Recently I ha gt a job ofer from a company located in odon an it reques me ILETs core 6.5 fo visa .
I have studd thi exam not at all and I have got a vy limited im , arud 3months , befre the last tes so I ould lik to begin as soon as possible .
I am working daytie so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on wekends would be ood for me except on ondys and ednesdays when I play basketball as a hbb .
As I am thning of studying with yu for month but we can talk mre abot hs latr .
I am goo at spekng and litening sections t not confiet at writing , especially ssa I 've never learnt in my life so I an to ocus on this wrthing ar more than othes .
I am looking forward to earing fom ou son .
Bs rgards .
Sauel Mo
Travelling by car is much or convenient but all kno really thee is no future fr public transport .
hn we tk about pblc tranport , here re ma peop d everyone travel but i think we do nt el ela re there nd if we tlk about travelling by c .
It is the bet or mch moe convenient for us .
ecause we cn rave a where bu in public transport we can not travel to n oth tes
I hik ter is a big future for plic transport , because a ot of people wt to take tha and more than aythng else that is convenience .
Esecally some eopl do n't have a ar nd some elderly persons difficult to drving a c by tmselves , so te pulic transpt helping them a lot .
lread public transport have ben improvement n that maes omfortable to go on a tip , b I think that will be ale to becme good quality mor a moe , because so ma pople expectation .
I like a ar as well , u hn I have to diing a cr I ha to think about parkig a l and I ca n't enjoy meeting ter ople to talk while I am having tael , so t public transport is mkin connectio with han beings .
It is why I think pblic transport is reay imortant f public an ter are a o of important ting is having a possble in the futue .
Every Human hs poin of sregth and weakness .
So , the Humns including wme nd me shold behave according to these points .
The question wich is rsig now shoul the mployer hire women in soe pots nd ecludes thm from anothe , ad so tha for n .
There e two answer to this ustion , the first one is to wh sees that it is rig to exclude women om some jobs .
For example , h buier ned physical strength to carry cements and bricks .
Te chanic should have the ability to fford drwbacs of the o .
Th second answer is it is ot corrc to eclue e or woen from any posts .
Te explanation of hse who support e secn anser is every o a orne qual in dtis and rghs .
So there is no one n ire smeone or ge anon a b according to gener .
Is convenient take a year f beween leaving school and starting he niversiy ?
I think it is not necsary and t recomendale because you have the possibility to earn money and is difficlt once ou g used to ean oey , y want to tuy again .
Also , if you wa to tavel , ou ha to make money r that and the , trav .
Furthrmre y do n't study urig this period d hn you an to srt the university you would n't be able to rmember some imortan things
So , if you ak a year off , y have to tink about it .
Peole e public tansport bease of saving money .
But now tey re earning mre money han tey erned before .
Therefore , it is likl to iinent that public transort will no longer exist in future .
thnk has a utre ha l peope e ubic tansport then I tik that maybe continue to have future but has b and good thgs , fo example good is easier to moe in th iy and yu save time , and the bad , a peop attack o d stea tings , but I thng , that have fuure , because a lot peope even hey use public trnsport to .
th people us te ublc transpr also he people needs to move for all the city .
wat I ' m ayng is that if you have futre publ trnport that peole use so ch that y wil ave future
onveniece is t the only one consideration when we are traellng .
A lo of people chice pbli tranport r travelling ecaus it 's chaper , easier , more relaxed an sometimes aser tha driving a r .
In recent year , govrnment encourage people to take public transport bcase of fuel riss .
Se of governmets invest uc money to construct public transport network to mak ravelling by pubc transport mo convenient .
hn driving a ca , we will fa a parking space trouble in a city .
Bsides , a traffic m is anthe roble .
So , I do n't think there is no futue fr public transport .
My moher is my inky be friends in my family , she alwys listening to me , sometimes i ll e wth her ea name!.
She awys tell me some jokes bt some tims i laugd !
, i lve er so much , i do n't know h ill my wol being like witout he and i wo n't to know .
I pray veryday to sav my mother nd l my fmily to me .
My name is Tom , I 'm 12 yars old .
I av a lac sin , lack hir .
I 'm short .
I am earing a hirt , ad a par of trousers .
I will it fr yu at he train sttion
Wel , there 're a lot of por ta eople pracse evry a bt I hve ne which is my favourte .
It 's bsketball .
Th sport ha a lt of type of match wich y cn pl .
You can ly with your fiends or in a tea even aloe ut thi optin is te most boring .
Bketball is a perfect sport ecause ou can develop or reflectios and your hip with people .
I enj playng basketball because I rlax hn I play it a I can eet new pepl d travel around you city or our untry . That it 's te bst becuse o can visit the ities ...
And you noy betwen our mates a ve al tse special moments with th .
I can give u soe advice to tart practisig tis sor .
This 's a sport that iprve your frindships and it 's so good f yu health .
And myb y became a famous ayer or a simple plaer but you fel like a famuos .
But it is impornt to eno youself .
e o use on the ll is a landmark in my city .
At th beginning of ts hisory , my it was a bg farm .
A rive passes by the city and , ocsionally , ther were floods on the place .
Tid of aving their houe detryed , the landlords decded to buil a n house on h hil , so he woul n't be molested by flod anymore .
Thre is a ae that mentions a treasure hidden on the house .
This teasur was sed to finance a cvil wa that too lce in he south of th cutry .
fer the war , t gd has ben left in the huse .
eople ame and destroyed the ous looking for the big resure .
I absolutely disagree with thi stement .
Tere are 7 illin people in t worl , ad it is increasig rapidy .
w many car for ll of people in t worl ?
av y eer driven on the crwded cit and moved wth 1 km/h .
More people u publi transpot , le car on the od , you n wak ad enjoy te cy .
Besides , it 's also an environment rolem , exhaust fues engulfed th earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our motr .
In addition , hoe who ive on below aerag icoms do ot have money to b car .
Auomoble is lury in sme county , like mine .
It 's the wy to prove you wealth , en you gt a car to our home , or go to schol , wk by a c , people will change their mind but you .
Pblic transport is ben become a must - have me with many people who have low - iome .
In concusion , Public transprt is our future means , I ma for almost citizen .
Not car thugh it 's cnvenient .
my favourite sport is swimng , it makes me feeing comfrtabe and left me in a good od , i go to swi tie a week , and my dvic to anyone want to sat to enjoy very moment of it
I have rea an article on IFLS talks about a eep as uman face .
It sws in the video that te sheep actall ha big nose nd lips just like human .
hich is n of e weidest thi I have seen .
Ty say the reson hy he h a huma face is h famer gae is mom an xta dse of Vitain A. As a result , that causes te defrm in his fc .
In my opinion , I thn it is just coincidence tt the sheep looks like hmn .
On t ther hand , the frmer who wns the hee refused to sel the sheep for hghe ric thn ormal to the cirs .
I think the sheep hould be tansfer to a place where is specaly in nimal wth me codition .
life is a log journe .everda , we gain more & more experience .
we come not only older b also isr .we arn bt e mo sefu ting to learn is to get in alot of experince & for sure to make mistes .u we have to be honest wt our selves by admittng ou mistakes to avid them in he future .
I am in Kto to eat Yatsuhashi .
I hve en Momiji .
It is vey beautul .
Becsuse the is turening red !
I have ver seen tis view .
I lay badminton it my family last night .
Dar Jo ,
As you know , my grnmother actually lives in France with my cousin Jonh , unfortunately he has to ak tre mons course outside of e country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , bu instead it is not posible , I ha to go ad look after her because nne of my fmily ca nt waist hre onts ove here .
I am so orry to elayig your isit , which wa plannd mnths ao , however as I tld y is nt in my hnd , but I feel like it was .
Why do n't o cm to visit France nsted pain ?
ould be amazg !
Ju think abu it and ive me a call .
end my love to yor family , and a g kiss fo yo !
Dear i Stuart Thomson ,
I am riting to o because I wud ik to bok my oliday fom 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 Augst to 12:00 p.m. on rida 04 Septembr .
Yors Sincerely
Maisz Kaczorowski
Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in h pat an peole alwa dvelping ther invention to become more usel .
We as a human who lv in tese ay , we lie rely on technogy , eery asct of our iv are supporting by technolgy .
An because of tecolgy our lofe becme easier .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only fo watchig news nd moi , u as t time goes ad e echnolg is developing t , now televison ha others functon .
Teevisin can be used tor many hngs , usually we wat televiion f entertaining , but we can als ue it for educatin too .
hse ae th roofs tt televisio can also educate .
First , televiio h many progrms which e can be used for dcation .
Many ograms consst lsons for kds to lar , for ids wo tll want to earn speaking and know h words , it is very usefl because many programs ar vey suitable for her to help em learn fater by watching telvsion .
Besides ta we can aso us television to ke us becme knowledgeable , by watcin new programs .
Second , tthese ays television become moden an it mk television cn cnneced th internet .
By that advatae , now we can easi search an et informatio fo h internet by using television .
We c search it on browsing or we a ao cces youtube to help us .
So we a watcig a rogam hat we wanted so we can choose what is good n not .
In onlusion , teeveision can ntertain and also educate bcaus television programs make it in intrestin way .
I will talk abot my favorite sport .
My fvourite prt is football I enjoy payig ootball wh my friends we lay at night it was very ecite to play hen e y as rain .
Wen nyon mis to pas the al or mss sore a gal we shouting on hs ac are yo raz w you missed thi goal !
ut we were too intersted .
We ejy watching fotbal match
my favurie sport is football .
I 'm not ood at pying it , if I prefer to play volleyball , t I like to wath e gams .
Th emotions he only tr if y 're a fan of ny team , and yo now e happiness tha ou feel when it wis , it 's indescribable .
Ftbal is usally a sport th appeas primarily to mas , but I 'm a gr ta sometimes I relize that I ow more than sm mes .
I started fllowin football in 2007 , just 10 years l , I started because I fell in oe with a tea tha then ld me to le football in general .
I lie to wat the games at ho with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my d , o feel indescrbabe emtion . a my father was to oney tis psion .
Te fure r the plic ransport suld n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the blic transport is te bst opin for endng the problems with the traff jam because when we se a u or ubwa , a lot of peope is travelng fm e pace at other in only n transport or vehicle .
For an yeas te public ranspot ha allowed tha t peple ravel a long distance for rk that othewse wul not be possible .
Bettr sill the futre of the public tanspor is esential o a beter ife without traffi .
Whn we use te ca , for general , one person is the unique o is acustome to using yr own car , so no is exploitig e potenial of this r .
At th ti , we ned or cars r more people , that 's h mening for more raffic .
it 's f this reson tat I think the public ransport is a great benefit or th sciey , and a go wy fo mo us of the one plac at oer , I sugget that the government has to give mo meas for the purpose of improvng t pubic transport .
Hi frdy ,
I have recie your lettr .
I pologise to you r ot writing soner , but I 've been really busy ately .
Your pty sounds extreme enjoyable .
er , parties re normally for amily and fiens .
The man uualy ear ther best suits d th woman have lon deses on
Gore 's resturant is a ry pleasat plae with many tasteful reipes frm a around the rld to enjoy aoe or wth ou company your dinner .
The Had - chef is an experience and skillful man in his work .
The fd , h team of chfs , ppare is always magnificnt an he decoration a pic of a , o to mention tht the decoration is fully engagd in the ead - cf .t only t od ut as he restauan iself is a ve beautiful desination .
Designed by famous eorators and their patnes .
Wit t latest technology systems fo lighting and beatful pited wll with gat masterpieces of well - knn artists and upcoming taents .
Ls ut not les the service is emarkble .
Waiters bein happy to help anyway they cn d working hard enough to each tir ull potenial so they can lish yo .
So arly erge 's restaurant is n of th ot iversally rognized restaurants
I 'm afrd I 'm not ute wih u , even aprve pblic tranpor ll g more in e future .
You ca n't disagree our lobal becoe urbaniatio in the utue , can you ?
That beme r lie re n mre crowd
Today 's television !
nce yo have in mind by initing oters to get home an watch TV is ha pope expected !
he big deal is entertanig , n quality is part of it .
Keep it in mine ha you shoul do before buing or on dreami TV .
You soul consider that large an bng utouchable TV is at u must id in on .
Hover peope nowadays lok fo a good design a nt o qualty , the bi poblem is tht prize is against qualit , evn thugh a go designing of TV sris on el known stores is the big oton tht we a choose to chek .
Conside a gd prize and gd qality by checking ad visitng stres , o should ot spend too mh money by buying e bigge TV or argest , you can save moey by only watching few minutes on stores , av your s , eoy and list if you ae convinced .
In concluion , ejoy watching movies in yur own TV considerng ries and qualities , some TV rngs yo the experiece to enjoy your favourite movs in other scenery , will o tr ?
eope who reach 18 av to comlete military service is an issue , the supporter sugest tat is helpful or h 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological qualiy , hilt opponents point out ht is harmful fo the umn igh n ffec eveopment of he country .
Consde bh spects tht can be concluded that government should respct the hun rigt ad s up a w depatent wch se for people who want to pply to complet the military servce .
In my opinion ur lies will hae a dramti chag in the ext 50 years .
o just have to think that 50 years ago we d n't know wh a smartphone or a laptop as , in te schools we ud book of pape and t ablet or iP , and now technology is part of our lives .
I thn nd hope that maybe in 50 year scientists will find a cure fo ay diese ad tht would chan our life bcause we could ve r re tim .
1 , Álamo Street
Almeda de Oua , Madrid
2042
Dear ohn :
I want thank o the invitation but I wol n't go to he pat because is my sster 's s buradas .
I apologise to u .
Best wihs .
our friend
Maia
I do urrently mate bu I c devoe myself to the Fellowsh Eseciall sice I finished he e - Mstes and ow I ed only flow - up frm ie to te with my guide Aademi , so I hae the time for the Fellowship .
I agree with statement ht ar Twain is the greastest Aeican writer .
s works ar known by al oe the word .
When I rea his poem " h advente of om Sor " I wa exie .
The ls thriller I have wtchd is " ue Detectie " fr HBO .
That is eight - episodes film .
Fir of a I would like to tel bou atmosphere of the lm .
That is like o are oig down don tirs to dark om and feelng curisit and fear at the same time .
I was mpresed because I ' ve nevr seen before such ilm .
Tat sow - moin action is so impressive that I hv ben se ha on for ne day .
Pariculry I wou like to oin Matew McConnahy 's rol .
Philoophy of i ro is so much difret we used to think everyday ht I hae taken a look on my le fr another point of ve .
Last ti I s so impessed from wachng " Fight Cub " of David Fichr .
I really recommend that movie to wath .
Hi ra ,
ce to eet you ! I 'm Lorelai , I 'm 36 years o and I 'm fo ome .
My hobbies are reading , travel d cokin .
I uualy go to the sea on Sunday moorning .
I 've got one brother , Francis .
I work in advertising , I 'm an accout .
I hope see you soon .
Lo
Ti report is ming to give a clear iea out he environment preserving in my town .
First of l , e local council organised a ompetition prmoting ecological awareness d encouraging h local comuity to presee t cmmunity .
Second , New rle wee lgislated condemning any person intended to hrm th environment in any wa .
Thid , supprtin the reccling by inventing three types of rubbish bins o ad wtes , r liqids and te hird r clothes .
I am a big an of Arenal .
so it comes as no surprse my favourte sport is foobll .
ootbal is considered to be te mos wtched an followed sport worldwide .
I would like to look to ths sprt frm different perspectives .
Firstly , football pays a vital rol in unfing eope locally nd iternationally , or eamle it hel US and Chia to normalie thi relations .
scondly , football generates money .
Thirdly , rm aesttic point of vew , it was al e beautiful game by Pele .
lhough I ae been playing football o years , I am still not a professional player , ths ay be because I am n talented .
we will know today ome of information about Islam , sla is grea religion come fom The Arban ninsula and s founded since 146 years ago .
Mhamed is a kindy rophet born in mal city called mekka and traelled to another city clsed to meka cale almadia cause the people of eka were very aggressiv and they n accptd h nw Invtation for t new relio
Mohamme cm bck to h own mekka ftr that an forgave th pele of mekk whose absed hi
Hll dears ,
we will tal about " How peol is live ll change in te future ? "
I think te principal thing in o taking is The internet newor , computers , tehnoogy n communicatons .
Educatio wl not be in the schools and universiies ! , u it wil be in te inrnet by many methos like : Self Educati , E learning educatio , in may web sites like : X and Coursa and disance education .
the Shopping aso will be in the interne , very thing wil b !
Dear Si or Mda ,
I 'm witin yu because I 'm intersed in applying the job in summer camps .
I s e advertisemen last ek on the newspaper and I thi that I 'm the right person for he j .
I 'm forty years old nd I ave exerince about looking after children in my town cause I have been working in a todlr school as teaher f four yars .
In the other hand , I le swimming a lot and I ad bn paying tenni in a ocal team thre years a .
Moreover th I am a ind - heart person w enjoys meeng people a l .
In ou annoucemen you td abo working in kitches ; I lv in a small town and my ranfather was a arer .
He a lved near our town ad I used to spend my hoidas ih im , n , of course , I used to ep m wih his ws an rabbits , so I old do hi wor again fo ou company .
Finay I think I 'm a frinly wan h liks children and wants to work and learn ti summ in U.S.A. so
I look forward your answr so
Fathflly
The iagrams ow how ban notes are made .
Firstly , design te bank ots ' backroud colour it is artor securiy issues .
Scon preparation metal plats .
It 's skilled machinists .
Then the sheets of bak notes printd .Pritig colour on both sides n sprcial ik or imae slihtly aised .
We printing fiised , he hold inpecton .
It the ost ipotant step .
Pinted shees manually inspected .
Finly , te foud good quality shets and some partaly damaged sheets or ba eets .
They will packaging and distribution the sheets hch is goo in ere .
In that ie they at fi c into separate ank notes , secn they packed the sheets and diapachd .
At t same timebd sheets and ban ots eurely dsoryed .
Why not?.Firsty , ha 's for you eduatin?,It 's very clear for me ta education is to create he condiions to do your thinkig gr .
If t wa to do that it 's easy and nice I think at th end is better an explain theoy concepts .
Other eason for my opinión is that almot all the people preffer e th isua sen and e to other prson more than write ad liten for udestand w thngs .
whle we are pedind oo time waching TV r rin is not in alm , only in an oher position different to that ones in th rest od th day .
That 's wh I think that it 's a good momento to se th thing through a n glass nd tt can be a vey igh opportunity .
Deffinitly , No lwya , It deped on th kind of programme , bu I Thi th nowdyas a l of televisión oft elp to he people evelo mr effectively .
Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I lik to hn because it is so peaefu to come out in the forest .
I stat to hut en I was sev years l .
I hunt with my d and my stpdad , we hunt al differet animals .
The animals I like to hunt mos is birds , rabits , mos and roe deer .
I hunt most wit my dad , an we always have really un when we hut but sometimes we an be a bit agry on each ote .
Me ad my d have thee gs n we hunt moose , rabbi an oe deer with te .
Thr ne is Plut , Krocken ad Zelda .
en I 'm wit my tepdad and hunt we hve ry fun becaus we ie in a cabin and it 's a realy funny an to I laug every evenig and have very fun .
They 've got my moses so they shoot ver mch of thm , an they hot at least every time I am there .
My stepdd shoot a very bg moose when I was ther wh hm and I e te ropy of th oos .
De l
I Am cmmunicating to yo , wt t purose of let yo ko tat we will s up a meeting at my office wit h purpose of diuss how we cold ue social media to improve h Communcatio with r supliers , i think a great time for the meeting ould be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kind reards
Aando Martínz
Mr. Preident
I am ong to communicate to you something about the military service .
The purose of this lett is to notiicate o sme complaints that sm ciiens has , hi is reted hy only boys have to be in the draft of military serice , a girls oes n ve to .
I think if we ant to hve equal rights or boh .
Kind regards
Cesa Veg
Hello Sam !
w are you ? I fe .
hanks for our etter .
Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
It 's nea my home .
hen I go to t restaurant , I lways eat mexin food uch as taco or fajitas .
It 's rely oo !
I do n't min eating evey day ther !
hoever , I jst go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthd or when I pass a exam .
I would like to go next Friday , do you want to go with me ?
I oe to her frm y soon ,
By ,
hs diagram is used to illustate he process of how to making ank notes , cvering seve main stags .
First of ll , we shold thinking u a design and dicid the background colour d rwork , or even security issues .
d then for e preparati of metal plates , the skilled a machists is cniderate .
Ne , printing , shets of ank otes prnte ( 50 ak note er sheet)colour on both ide , and specWell , h ot important tep is inspection , we huld printed hets mauall inspected .
Have yo er pent h hlida ombine fun d knowledge ?
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after h din my Omrah , I visid eeral places , among the s a hse or tacing the hly book of Quran .
This hose is characterized as containing larg numbers of students h emorize the holy book of Quran .
It is located between the neighborhods with the aethetic haracer if the ahiaz design rea .
An conservation mechanism followed in this hou encouged students to beom a pat in it .
Fially , if you wnt to rest n good companionship , joined to tis hoe .
Pyramd were ot mae by machines or omputers d that is fom the crets of e ancient Egyptians of how they a build a great building ike hat rm aout 700 year and it is stl trng till now!. people rom a over te world come to Egypt to e it 's great civilization , around 2 millio people com to pyramids yearly you ca be one of them .
ome visit the ln of peace nd civilization .
Dear Sir or Mdam ,
I am wriig to expres my nterst in pplying o an English course .
First of all I wud like to preent some background about myself ; My nme is said amed .
my Englis languag is weak , I lie to improve it whih complete my post gradate sud ,
Th reason for choong this specificall English language in Sepember future I oul like to get to no re information bout an English language course .
Ou schl is organizing a fun fai .
hs activity is really interesting tha y an not miss .
Do yu wan to know o fuy it is now ?
keeping your ecitig n joining e even .
o will gain a sense of satisfaction .
The are a number of reasons tat y sould joi e n fair .
It is meaingful enough tat you can raise mey for te por or someody neds by purchasing .
It is kind of you to join the evet a buy somethng .
It is ch a perfect activity ta the school c so the great to others .
As one of the mmbes of he school ommunty , ou cn not mis th vent , can't you ?
so , tee are some performances after th fun fi .
It spposes ta ou a njo t sh .
If this sevra rason why o shld ta part in th vnt can not drw your attenton , yu ma y to sarch soe information about te een last ear .
It is opd tha h sucessful fun air or stunt 's experiences can atract y to articipate te un air .
It is belied tat h fun fair will be hod successfully too this years .
My aourite sport is fitness . I love go to e gym , becse there we will meet new peopl , ae frien and we cn relax .
I ways go to the gym , I look a the time eparate 1 hour n haf for tha .
en I am hre I can rlax and I r do no thn about my problem and my work .
I enjy l h tie wh I am there .
On enesday ter that I go to my lly dance , I love , becuse I c express l my feelings .
Someime We have apresentation and competiion .
I am feeling very pro abut that .
I thn ll the pole should prctice ne spo , we a feel better afte th ad that is ver god for o halthy .
Efecive echers ha a ler and conisent communication and management skills .
Te teacher use lesson tme efectvely .
Spn le time to pass .
Clssroom managemet is god .
Sudis an monitors students ' proges , help hm to del wih their problms .
Students must take a seiou assessment abo hisef .
It wa a cloudy and cold October night .
I s in a park en i saw a ma tading jst behind me .
So I tated to alk away to there , but the y start to follow me .
So I houl to wa quickly until I can nter in a l and alone hous behd e park .
I start to walk throgh te house until I lite a noie .
Then a ghos appead in fot of me and th guy appears beind me .
Th I oe up n reaized it h al ben a ba dra .
Ed .
I live in a small ity called Caers .
tis city is located in te norh of Extremadura .
In Cáeres take cre of the envonment .
e People in tis ciy a wre tha there are care of nature .
Therefore in this city tere are not many factries .
The people rcyle the rubbish n they throw te rubbish at diferets container .
h yellow ctainer is for plati as water bottles , the blue container is fr caboard as mlk brick , e gren container is or glass as glass bottles .
Everday , swepers cln the Caces tret and te people teach teir children that h rubbish do n't throw in the stre .
Sagrada Familia , or also caed Gaudi 's Cathedrl , is a very ouristc oma atholic church loated in rcelona which is stll in costruction .
Anton Gaudi was h Catalan rchitct who desn it in 1798 and in 1882 its costrution t started .
Nodays , due to te ctul economical risis its constction has ben stopped with an undetermined da .
It is interesting becas it has
ar Sir or Mada ,
hen I was ten years old eally I like to ply ootbll oo much . I hve joed ootbll - teams hich is ear to my home , I prefer to this team because of my fmily is not reach , ty can not prode for my tansportation fees to go exercises stadium .
The team is no very famous but I nw in the future wl be .
I try to be football player in the .
he team name is coming location are which is AKSARY.I pref to play nd wath fotall as well .
I ant to dvse l studets that strt thi sot f heath and to foe way for stres , Sports mean is no like to spell im and to loss calrie .
fter makg sot o wll fl or body to be coming strong d you bain will be with u of stess .
Therefore , vryone must mk sport acording to hem ability .
Finally , I refr to play footal because of my health .
In my life , many dreams have exste in my mind , whh is swet , incredible , magcal or horrible .
However , o of dreams is eeping in my har that I ca n't forge it foreer .
One night , as sual , I set .
In a flash , I rlled on om a montain an I d n't ko where I w .
It ust a ey og unnel where w da an strange , ter , I et my body che .
I began to ll that hoped someone cold save me to leav fom here .
Fifty minue pased , hen my bo no longer was sor .
I decid to walk to the end .
Constantly , I jt walked lik withot erminal ontst .
Wie I strugged to walk .
Finaly , I aw a light to appeare my ees d I woe up .
Seeing ae light appeared my eyes .
It let me feel that it 's a strange dram .
Nowadays we e an enorous improvemt of infrastructure .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier f commute r example , ecause he can choose a peronl timetable without a terible discomfort of buses ; in addctio there is a fr chance tat by the end of this centry dwellrs ill stop tavellng by publc transport , in special a if the govenmnt hv invesd h money in green energy and we cod discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
Wel , t form that we se the television pend o ec on .
ll hs eole that use he television as fun , mt of te tie ; ut has o their eope tat s tleviion for sears .
F ample , the chanel '' Anmal Pane '' s a t of informations of aimals and ow it lis .
In my opinin he people ue television or distractin .
When we cm after t o , or schl , we ed a fom to rla .
Maybe sudes we mke otherise ; in search on computers , in books , tc ...
The televisio 's e is tayig or a mre tilzed by h people ; so we ar getting more probles of visi .
It looks le a ki of addicin ... We need to s h technology on or behalf .
The capitalist 's world make us increasinly ecom us updted .
So we hve to atch he atonal Journal for ke us connected .
ow a days eerybody he conditions to buy a television , so e umbes of h tv iwers get up ; evn being por or ih ; mst can watch a movie , or a documentary .
Ther are no apoloizes to be a iformed person .
To go shopping , is ne of these things that yo can love or , like it happen to me , you ca hat at all .
ormall , I 'm n spending a ot of tme on goig shppin , even when I relly need something .
In general , I in it very boring ad stressd .
If I st do it , my faurite ay of hp is h gh street of my town , or in aother twn or country .
The sopping cnres , full of peole n noise , e crazy !
Shopping online is neither , fro my eperience , a go w of hp .
In my ce , I 'm always wron wit the zes and to eturn h poducts , tes me a ong time d a ret effort , so it do n't worth it .
Much better is to tae a ak in the hg teet , and make from thi tim someting for pleasure .
Socializing online hl us to contact with our friens by esy way in different places and ts w cost us ony .
Socializing person doe not cost us moey , but we ne one pae to cnact ac otr .
Finally , we ejy in both ways in o lfe .
F te last ears , the public transport s bn forget .
Nw , pubic transport is not the future , because traveling by a is much more conenient .
The people who do n't use te publi transport , thk that travlling by car is much better .
Bt they do n't kw e b proble ith the polltion .
I think .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much betr . d the people ill be stress less , because they wl be no worried about parking places or be in h traffic .
ayb it will be a rally good opportunity f the pepl , being ore ealthy o .
Compared with oca bookstores , publishers or mdia such as newspapers cnidering the Interne maret , public trnsporttion ha uch better future .
The are two resns .
The frst ason is that pulic transportation carries humans .
mans e h most sensitive luggage .
You hae to te vary mh are when you carry umas .
Even thoug people ying to develop dons to rduce lgistic coss , it is difficult to aply t technology to carry humans .
The sond reason is automatic driving tehnlogy needs soe me tme fr h devlopment .
lso , he automatic driving technology is already applied f rans .
e running costs will be decreased .
We are going on a vacation Net ek .
We prefer to Tae A Flght To Hawaii .
We love to travel thre an hre , ut this is t plae I wish to go lon te ago .
I he it would be fun her .a hinking about t beautiful scenery mkes me ft that I mt go wil I n .I ca n't wait til the day cmes
Da |Hadeel ,
How are u doing ?
nd how is yo family ding ?
I hop you r a doing well .
I receied yur letter yesterday and I was eally happy to har from you .
Following your letter , I want to tell yo abt T apartmt is very eautiful not big or small mium - size let inside two oms , a bathroom nd a dning hal and an exrnal dircor ctegoize overlooking a beautiful iw I am sure he will like it to come ad Tri ondo b so , n the end , I wod say tha I mss you too much and I hoe to s y son .
Take care an goodbye ! ! !
My favorite sport is wimming .
it 's becaue swimmg is really u .
Also I thik swiming can kp your body fi an it n ke the swimmer cool do when it is in a smm dy .
The advice that I gv to someone who nt to sart swiming .
It is not be afraid of water , oterwise they a ot earn swimming and ao whn te age become older it will be mor dificult to lern than the lttl .
So tese re the adie that i give for the .
English - I fd it greating !
I like learning English .
It 's my passion .
I ike talng to friends and I an communicate with other peop .
I ca n't pronunciate we .
I do n't know the stress of wos is where .
it 's so diffcult .
So bored when I ca n't cotine larn English .
Miael was alittle boy he was 10 yars ld he ent with i parents to his grandfaher 's home .
h home was on a shore.there was a unnel but it 's hole is in he deep.first he ud to be polite d ay the oter ordes .
Once a day he met a girl clled arah he wa 9 year od inspite of michel was igge but sarh could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the n set .oc a day sarah made a chaange with michel about who a enter th tunnel rom the hole in h sea and get u rm t other hole on the ore b mihel was arid .he was telling himself whih animals could be thee or is tee ere i ter but he has no choice so he cceped the chalnge .sarah od hi he wil go rst.she took a reath ... dee one and started to ive .
Michal ws afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to h shore to look if h wn fo the oher se but he fnd no footprns.is mother called him he wn ho an sti tinking about sara.it as night a ge s arai ti et there again.he wet to leep .michael close the door and ke at ths moment he had ad a misae .
An clea or healthy nvirnment is always acceptable to al kinds people .
Our iy is ute clean and vable , peopl are mre aeful than fore .
hey are sincrly anae wastage and avod carbon generated prodct .
so obedient to he ues a regulatin of the city authority .
Initially , Waste managment system of r locality is comparatively effective than bfoe .
Our authrity w folow the scientific metod for rubbish conol ; recyc , reuse , glanization .
As a rest , te iy dellers are now enjoying more healthy environent .
It is a re expected riteia , why the authority tep up many organzation working or ase mangement .
Due to r hepful people is orks ecome esier .
Most of the cas , no only my fmil membes but also r neghbor li to avoid carbon leve increasing prducts thse ar responsible or temperature incrase .
Many organizations wok for making up te consciousness of the pup , so pepe are ore senstive abot the nvironmental polltion .
N govrnment is working for decreasing ske eissio of the mill d indstry .
Scientists d reearcher jointly work for carbon emsson lessein .
Sme dvancement apened already , it 's implmentaion ao rus with full spe .
Last but nor least , e strt rules and regulation ha more effective mpact on to me a god town .
u authrity is more carfu about t rus and egultion ; hne no - e n eschew the uls .
The job announcement on your ebage imdiately oo my attention , as it s alwys bee my dream to work o the Grman - Norwegian out Forum and the requirements meet just t skis that I an provide you wh .
he frst ime I oo part in th youth frm was in 2012 ad since then it s be a i rt of my if .
Influenced by it I started to loo r unverities in Scandinavia .
Sinc 03 I am studyg English and Marketingscommunications at University Cllee Syddnmark .
It is wel accepted tat shopping is not always enjoyable , and following is my reasons .
Fistly , shopping an wate u so much tme .
You may nt reaiz when you shopping happly .
u you may nd tht when you notice you ha many things tll need to insh .
Secondly , sopping can make o upset eause of something you a o afod .
u y come cross smethig , such as luxuy bags , bu o cn t buy it because of t tgt budget .
Furthermore , even you ust buy something you can aford , yu ay also was muh me moy .
So , basd on wht I ave wtten , I thi shoppng is ot always vr hapy . We cn find something much happier han shopping easily .
My favourite ort is cricket . I le ricket vr much since frm my scool tme .
cricket is a game of bat d ball in which ere a wo teams which hv elven paers on each sie .
generly we e using riket grund as a val sap .
Travelling by car is cetaily muc or convient tan travelling by tm or trolley u , whih onl follow te lines of their rues .
But thiking aou t envrnment , traffc jam d sometmes absenc of parking places mkes me changing the statemn .
On o ha yo put all your thngs in the car and rive anywhere yo want to , on e other hand if ou fel not vey well to dre , y hav no oey to uy a a or he downtown of ur city is closed fr all the means of transport cept or the public os : tram , bs or troly bus is your ayot .
HOW Y CA THE BEST LOK AFTER YUR ENVIRONMENT ?
Good qustion about itm , how cn answer , if o would n £ 100 .
I have a few eas recepts , how yo can be a el off £ 100 d how y can lp the environmet .
Firstly , I describe w I can hp my local vironment and wha I do usefl f item .
I am a very stricte een colog persn f 10 ear .
I am interesting bout natural wys w we could hp in the lcal area .
I am a rious fan of envirnment .
I describe how it loking my very day .
I tnd to drive with my bicycle from home to wor , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , beause is ot heahy n osts .
A bicycle is o me the et a how we can be do it and a god condition nd also to more less olution without cars .
Secondly , I save war and eetricity , eause costs are quit xpnsive .
So , my ils om waer are inexensive , becaue I swap to ave a th han take a shower .
Next point is an issue , tht if I am nt at home I do swch off he temperature .
I switc on a home hiig or a emporary ie , when I am working f I ued moe eegy to wrmt at home .
Next point is a act , that cycle glass d papr is mo importnt .
I td to collect in three dfferent boes of wate , or pae , second for las and plasi and third or rest rubbish .
It 's a very domestic nd a hge issue for us life .
We learn to relly sereaion of waste a in e fuur how e.g.:we cold use scnd time a same glass .
Fialy , we r obligatoy to care about the environment , because it 's us duty .
I think it is true , becau o lo of peole le travelling by car .
But there are som poblems like thes - how wil dive a lt of peop who do n't like to rie or ca nt dive because he a ome problems with the health .
Anyway , a lot of peple will ed se transport in som cases not riat , ut pblic , and we ca nt say tat ths kin of tansport illl nt be useful .
May be , in sma part
Some eas ago hn t ether was colder ere people had eaten re me with wine .In fact growing getables was t posible because of t wther .
In fact today pele interested in drinking wine durng participating at partis or metng wit friends .
Tere are varous onions about w fods plays esential role in our lifestle .
Potatoes nd meat are opular food beween our people .
Although ealth diet is que expensive you people follow speial dt in rer to have bette bod shap or heathy li .
Actually modern lie affecte on our alat changing .nstance some people wo work majority of their akin houres prefr to s fs od more .
Our commitments impss us to forget oursevs nd r ealth .
It may be cause incrasing wight or reucing the numer of necessary viamines which our ody needs .
In my ie the rasn of having ore energ durin te day ie in th di roram which is folowe by eh of us .
In conlution if we have deciion to living long following suitable diet is crucial a unavoidable .
The members of my faml is no whe near my bet friends .
Y see , I do not se members of ons faly ones bst fends beaue ersoally I did n't and still do n't ve a great relationship with aone in my biological fily .
nd this m have effected my way of thikin and acting in different stuatios .
So no , my membes in my biological family is n't my bet frieds .
De Sir ,
Than you for givig me h cance to transfre he information as er your quest .
For my tn , there re mny regulations that r orced by he municipality and environment inistry , such as peventing animals lik ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in h town and in the popuatin areas .
Besides , u to e critical siuaton we are liig and faci in iraq .
As we r fully depenin on the indivitual generators , tat ar cauing multiple prbles in he weather duo it 's smoke , th l and gass left behind , in dditio to und offcourse tht are thman sour for the 18 countinous hours noise .
eople , epicially grnratr 's owner , start using Canaopies , uin ery long pipes to get rid off as possible as ty ca frm the pution .
Oher resedntal areas , using thei potentialsto maitain the envroment by planing tres , ses , having nemurse green saces .
Also recling the rushes ar a er inteligent way to ep h tn cea , n get multle use of the proucts in industry lines .
on the Otheand , eldest people in ur city having may socity resposilties that r encourging the youngest ages to participate in e anul gadening festival , or the indoor d outdoor gardens .
Finally , we always beeve that one hand can not clap .
Althugh , each house can make a rel difference by taking gd care of he infrnt ara an keeping it clean .
Hp tt those infrmatin r of good us .
Regards .
Mchae a Marcuangolo were friends t in the school ty were enemies .They had azing batles in t playground .
O dy at th end of te clsses , Marcangolo wanted to hit him , n Michael ran away .
Michel stope and hit s enemy .
Marcungolo el in t stret .
A ar crashed nd Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Micael tk his enemy to the hospital .
There a a docor at he emergency ro a Michael exained the prblem to h .
The doctor was anry and Michael cried .
Thy brought Marcuagolo to a roo and put he boy in a bed .
h docor ask for his phe nuer a he phed is parents .
ichael understood ha he us take away .
Michael closed th door and knew at that moment he a made a mitake .
As soon as I came on university , my ie hange .
Before I entered university , life in high scol had n't a lo of rieds d I ws so lonely but after I started to std at To Duc Thang university , I becme more app , comfortale an interactve .
In my cas , I have a group of close friends , a they reated me very well .
I'll have a frien at university because I caed staners .
The fit day when I studed at t university , I hd a o of friends .
we sit arou together and talk bout whee the live .
At the weeend , I like going or a walk and get ome fresh ir with my frend .
We laughe an aing toethe .
I was very appy at the time , an I have he friend sinerely .
I expect we 'll be the best friends forever .
it was a wonderful experiece wit me
I as wakig to footbl training session with my friend Michal last eek .
It was raining and it was dark .
The weather ws horibe .
We were talkin abou the last match , we were discusng our fats , when sudenly we eard a lod ise .
It urned out ht a s hit a lor ust in frn of us .
T people er creaming .
Sme passengers were hurt and ek .
I ran to help them an also we caled the ambulance .
h police came fter 5 minutes and the ambulance oo .
It wa a scay sitatio .
We re shocked !
Hi Isabe
I am lvng in Deia wich is located in Dbi .
It is mal an quite city .
I like te Inda resturnts in e city , in additon infrastructure and rods are well orgaise .
oeyin to the statement aboe , it 's necessary to say tat is a very interesting topic , cause it 's ite related to actua prolems , suh as problems in he environment .
This is to sa ht most prt of cars e not green , namely , curren cars are not designed fr generate a oo mpat in the enviroment .
Regarig th reason for th described situation is due to the strong economic inerest of il compnes wic are intend to e as much money as possible , regardlss of the damage ha they are cauin to pcies of plants ad nimals .
Tus , the questio is , travelling by car is so much or convenient fo wo ?
r multinational myb ?
Or for some onsumers tht n afford a xic d expnsive ar ?
, even though , when the public transpot gets so crowded , is less harmful inded , in terms of e impct received by h environment , becse it ans mre individus in the ame lace , manhile ac n car mans increasingly pollue .
Travellin by would be mr convenient with a good conscence of prtec th planet .
The de of banned cars from he ntre of all ajor cities ave advtages n disadvantage .
The god hing abt ot allow cars in he ciis centres are tha the taffic wll be reced , the trips will be fste and te contaminaion will be less .
On e ter had h bad thngs are tat y have to park out of t city cntre nd these areas will be crowded , ou could n't visit places with your cr d people wit phsica problems could have diffiulties wth public traspot .
In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restrction could ha excetion f ceain peope a ertai ay nd ous , or if you need to visit a paticular place wih your car you could as for a speial permision .
The village I liv , there is a lt of egetation for that reson we ry to protect envinment , some of he tins we do is to ie mantananc eery week to the vagetation zone chekng if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach h young 's enviromentalist actions so hey do n't hrow cs , paer , or , ndies to he floor th also can help the oder eople , ther are cases which a perso throws garbage to t sret's , foor or to the vegettin to avoid tha happeng agan we hae a punihmnt that is to pay some money if t do n't they wo nt be lowed to enter the illage pk ad oo again , unless they were vsitrs , in tt case we told him or her the wy we live in e villag and , we give him or e avises to ep a bautiul pac whout grbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the ildlfe by taeng cr of themthere is to tha we have a ceer of care nd , other more institutions , we also make environmental rotection ceners were peol a vsit and ern abot this to m up ou village is vey concentrated on taking care of the natural world tat orounds us
Dear ir / Mad
I am one of a stdent in Telemark University Coleg .
I am stying Literature nd Lanuage bachelor prorame .
I am intereted in this major so uh .
But it is not relevant for my fuure lie .
If it is possible , I would like to change my study progamm .
It is rom bachelor programme to 1 year 's programme .
Could you hp me please ?
Sncrely
Lian Gai Hu Ptel
Sdentnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
how e you?I hve jst received or letter .
In my country ere r mny interstin places to visit n is a country to improve wh yo j , also is eay to tar a o.thre are ay jb access and many dfferent ype of jbs .
th country re many intresting pLaces to visit , if yu wantto he advenure yu hae to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If yu wan to have n yu my go to parque de la Costa thee are ay inteesting olercoasters .
And if y want to go the best museum of art in Argentia you houd go to mala .
see o so ,
Richard .
In my opinion public tansortation is mo convenient y to travelling . The i pollution is a o reaso that I prefer ulic trasportatin .
On the oth hand it is very economic than owne car .
Whatever u can save the tim and go any hee more quickly by public transport .
Noways , in choo we lear a lot of sujcts , whc we less or more use in r ives , some of the are really imprtant , but me of thm are just wsing of ime .
On the n and , we had n't to rage subjcts by their
I ws born in Danderyds hospital 21 .
Wen i was brn i weigt 3650 grams an i as 52 centimeters al .
I have one big broth he is 14 yers l ad goes to mörby slan .
I have nly live on n place in my life .
I like parkur bease its reall fun i also like guta and paing ido gams .
The best plac i 've visited is probabl orlado because i like all the amuement prs a rlle coaster .
My favorite is the hulk roller coaster at universal tudio .
My fvorite foods is pizza , tacs and eba .
The iven top to write about is a common ssue now a days in my country .
Publi transport is ot conenient for mot of th eope becuse eve perso was to reach on time at i lace u using public tanport it is vy diffcult to reh on time .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FRDDY 'S
all bens in 1981 hen freddy fazbear 's pizza open , te etablishment it 's a pza restarnt but ths pia restaurant in h obos , in 1981 the wer four animaonics and their nams a Chica , Foxy , Bonie and Fredd .
Thre robots in specific hour make a sow ith instrents lik a band .
oxy the irate make a show individually in r pirte cov , The hilden loves Foxy becaus pla with h kids making questions bout the pirates and coun a pirate story .
Wh rddy begin to sng t kds screams n they sing ith Freddy t famous Fredd Fazbear 's Son , Bonny plays th battery d Chca sves the pizza to the cildren , Ts year te sablihment cloe because they found the oy of a de chid .
In 93 e pizza restaurant repeed wth more security and robots ith more friendly appearance .
Te establishment sek a security guard who had to keep the izza rstaurant at night , I am t security man .
When I a the advetisement about the o in this moment I thin that is er easy , I called he number , te give me the informatin and I accept .
e les a siple just e t lato , watch te animatronics , wai to 6:00am an close te dors if you neeed I ay OK .
My first nght was eay becaue only see te screen and ass te cmera to aera and nothing stange happened , I could nl he footsteps nd noises .
My ecnd and third ight thy wee ey strane because in t cmeas th animatronic ove as if it wanted to e to my room nd do something to me .
Th furth and ifth night were he wort becaus te animatonics were very ctiv , lsed it ad opend he doors because they try to et to my room .
t I could survive te ngt .
Afte tonih emove me e ace an never ent ak to Freddy 's izza
Dar ina ,
Iy name is Lorenza .
My height is 1.65 etre .
My hair are bons an my ees are dar . I will arrive in te Central Saton at eleven o'cok a I ill wr a read ct and a yellow scarf .
See o later .
Thank ou ve much .
Lo
Hi friend ,
In this holiday I go to Barcelona wih my girlfriend .
It is an mazing ty , it is rely enjoy .
Yo a e monumets , theatres , baces an different shops .
It is the most Eropean ity of Spain .
oseta becoms ist specraft to ort .
After a long flight , it reaches the rbi that is very lo y far ut of the solar stem .
NSA relid as a ey amazing achivement hat Rosetta raches out of solar syst .
Ti y become a have lep after Amstrong landed on te Moon .
NAA rplied tat Rosetta il ke on is journey on travelling acos the Universe .
Travelling by car bcoes a comfortable fctor nowadays because we can stop an go wheever we nt , we an start at our desired timings .
Ts would graualy kl publc transport .
One ore reason is tht banks provides lan at a lower interest wic maks peope to u oe to mpove tir comfor level .
People 's lives will nt cange if ty do n't chge heselves .Everyone wt to improve his fe to be better ut w witout doing anythg . we mu to start with education an healthy wic ae mos important things to be etter .
everye nee to focus not only his education but also on ohers .
To learn , to read , to be knowlege .
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve it .
No progres will appn wihout lan .ach o has a dea wan to achieve it but first of all he eed to pt a pn and also cogiive one .
Our grat example in changng is Geran .
after he secn rld ar th improved themslves in 50 years and becae e of the st developed countries .
In my city is er usl to id ay g 's shits in the road .
Is a big problem ad it is lmos a miracle t steppng n .
The soutio I ink wold be to in to owns .
I think tha not is a probem of aareness .
I think e pepl know ht s dogs liter the it bu they refe o to do nothing .
It is eser and more comfortable .
If they would ad to pay then tey would do .
In general the cy looks lan .
T cleaning servics work ll .
Normaly in the night .
In the hal t are about city Center .
There e lnts everywhee .
adrd has any parks ad mny tres .
These also can be a prole because recently ey r falin because they are oder .
The all tow has create a goup ta work studyig t tree 's age to prevent urther fas
We shld mut proper laning for our city to prope lok after of it .
Actually , there ar many huge problems ae in yor cty st as there are no any poer rainage syste for it t y specific canal system through wich we can properl ceaned our it .
There , is nothe issue that is e to huge transport bt little bit rod they are not de eugh so that most of people are istriuted ue to these issues .
Dr Ms. Kate Asy ,
Hope all is well with you .
I wul lie to invt yu in exciting job ofer for yu weekends in my cafe .
yr positin is anager of ren Pepper ce , so you wl b esponsible for managi l leel nd add you experience in rder to improve our cafe .
Also ou ill manaig approx . 16 person and u ill have a full privilege to handle them as o like .
we e ockng for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ pe ou , d only 2 dy per ak .
I hoe to except my offer as soon as possible , ad I hp to s you with ur saff as ell .
our address is 2st , rizona , united stae .
tel : 001012345678901
hanks in advise .
Amr Hamdai ,
CEO , Gree Pepper caf
Istanbul Locate in trky .
It is the capital cy of urkey and it takes a lare ar on e sme ter are a lot of people ere living in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildngs so simple and have special esin then oer cities .
I think it ill be ghanged to be come bubile cit and contin more of high building .
ht rr , if it change or not , I wil ike it mor than ay lace in e oud .
Hello ,
My name is Alejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years old , I have heard about your organization and I wold lik to work for y .
It 's known at the ifferent recently situation that there e now with young peope .
I se to go to a Chistan shol here in Granada , in is school her were good values like share or help to the person .
Morver , my parents , who ae teachers , they have en taching me how I must educate , for seveal yeas .
I asked myef If I had had te possibility of hane the world , I woul have tried to do ll that in your hands .
I always think this , bause enagers are the hange of our planet .
So , if you eed a pson lik me , I wld li to wr with young peope .
I 'm looking forad to yor rel
est of wishs .
Alejandro
I ws orn 2001 in august t 10t in Dneryd .
I have to ittle broter , Gs and Soren .
I have lays lived in Danderyd .
My favorite sports/ hobbies is windurfing nd salng .
The be plce i ver have been on is an islad in he east arcipelago in wden .
I not much trees thre and a lot of hh montains .
There is much th i 'm prod of in my lie but acually i do n't no at i 'm mot poud of .
A vey bg weakness i have is at i can forget earl everyhing espciall homwor d othr scho stuff .
ree words ha describe me really good is :
happ funny and ometmes bothersome
A thing ht i would like ta peple knew is tat its not a ood idea th wake me when i m sleeping .
I do n't actually know .
some day i want to go to al because it 's seems li a ealy nie ple .
three thngs that i could do with is a bike , to be sick n ba computers .
my fvorite movie is the wlf of all street .
i do n't have a favorte bk .
my faorite sn is pyer in C
my favorie inge is AVICII
Simpsns or family u .
my favorite oo is fillet beef with be and pommes .
my favoite restauant is TGI fridays .
when i earnd to wind'surf .
If y have a car yo wuld proaly ink th travelling by ca is bette an by bus , ut there are a ot of pepe o des n't have a car so te are used to go by bu an for hem hs wa of travelling hs beco moe onvenit bcase they have de it sice he were children .
en whaeer e opiio you e is the result of t social situation in ht o live .
st peopl a tat sig public transport is ette than ung car , and tey say that ts cheaper ad better for e environment , bot me I think that cars is eaier nd affordable way to transport beteen paces , because car is here any ime and so near to you home instead of publ transportatin whch you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars availabl all the time , you can go at 4 am and no e say anything , because its yours , but most publi rasportation is availabe only for e dy hours an few hours at ngh , in emergenc situation for example , what you wl do , if yo do no ve your own r , your kid is sick , or you wife or yu d parents , n in general e more we dend on orseves h more our government abe to help the verty and hmeles people ot here , who reall need mor help ad aid from he public community , we mery k the goernmet to improv streets an the traffic light sstems , an more i statins and parking in he streets , to be abe to driv and ove easy and safe an in a shor tim .
verone use publc transport every a .
It is difficult to iagin how we can iv withot it .
But in pie of thi a lot of popl have a dream bout a cr .
Te mo sid that ung a c mr convenient ta uig a puli transport .
Of coue rivte transport h a lt of advantages ik : you do n't need to ai for a bus at the stopes or yu cn go evry where u wt in the time convenient for you .
er Aex ,
ong time no see .
ow a you ? Yo know , it has been a ng time snce we have met each ter h do n't we go to t cinema .
We ar gon to find a romantic movie or ition movie .
So ht tie wl y finish session ?
I wl wat or o in h te cinema .
Ples respnd at yur earliet convenience ,
Best ,
Phuong .
27-dresses is a roantic comc and funny lm , it is recommended fr al ages .
I aw it wih my fami , my children a my husband , we d a ood afternn .
he film is based on a girl , she is invited to ny weddngs in whi she is a mai of hon in all of them .
She ha twuenty seven dresses of mad of honor , meantime , he ca in love with a boy h is er handon , but he is oking in a magain and he has written about wddings in the ciy , he is a good writer , d se unknowns that .
The plot is wll contructed , since e bgining becomes uite grippig .
he mi chracter , h actors are vey younger nd enjoyble .
hs history devlors a ixture of themes that courage , amily values , friendl and love .
In conclusion , if u wat to have a good ime , you shoudl go to te cinema to ee hs im with your family , cause it is an itereting ad emotiona film .
Nowadays we hae a lo of enironmental problms .
Transport polutin is e of h most dangerou .
Almost every family ave mor than e r .
As a result rads ar overloed and long ilometres trafic jumps damage open ai .
On th one han that qantuy of cars ca n't be forbidde , because it 's ersoal right to hae it or o .
On h oer and e govement sold think about some measus for protcting enviroment .
o exapl inventing severals special dates in a ye f using oly pblc transport .
lso improving measure might be as an ncreasing gre areas in cties an towns .
Rers and seas r in dager too .
Unfortnately mn touists do n't take care about saving personal space ( on the iver bank or on th sea beach ) in clan .
Factories dmge nearet areas n water xtremal d .
In my opinion , firstly , nw bilding on e ank must forbidden at ll .
econdly , rules o tourits about caring enirnment must be very strick .
I thik , nature'll get the most imporan benefits if veybody takes cr about w space in h est way .
When it oes to health , it des coe phyica and menal saus too .
Sports is a uniue a by which a person n mainain his or her health icluing bo spects that are physical and mena .
My avoite sport is Hockey .
Th different formats of cricet alow me to maintai my health based on tie available ater earning my bread for the d and it is needless to say after sharing he rcious moments wih my lovely famly .
I ofte particpte in friendly matches to keep physical ablitie up to h mar .
hile putting lot of tress on physical bilities , it is needless to a the dy can be tirsoe if e m cide to ly in te longer version of th gam , but it is equally challenig o yo would keep up yur mante statu .
It does rqure to explore your rain while develoing trategies against the opponnt .
It beomes essntial to create a spontneous Pln B en Pa A did o work .
Tp of all , ne a to earn to mntain the sportsmnship , irespective of t result or heated omnts on the feld .
In t present wrld television is very important .
Bu somtimes it can alo affect us in a negtive ay .. most people around te world n see any news in lve.meia is more help ful o the peole .televsion is lso usi as a stuy materia for example sar classes ,
online courses etc . elevison is more important medi we can impove ou angage with the help of t teleision.now we can e
ta so many fim with the hel of television and we a see other programs also.according to the presnt wrd wihout televsion
no one can lie as a umn bei so that we a say tht television is mr impten .
Michael wa a serious boy , he had the ability to beave in goo mannar , ep h paret wth aiy actities .
Micael 's parent were absout poor , tey hardly ai hool ees o him although te did heir best to e im be educated .
n dy , Michal wee gong to school r his fin examination .
saddenly , an l caried a hevy lo it him n fall down .
When he ot up he insulted h nd ted to beat hm , when he returned home , he clsed the oo a knew at ta mment he ha md a mitake .
My nae is Natalia oaya .
I am fro viv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer camp is he bet lce to demonstrate me .
I can pea Enlsh , ussian and Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , eay - going , hard - working person .
I am rpared to look ate children .
I work as a teacher o e years .
I am al a vlunteer in th outh church club .
l fe te I wor ith chilrn and teh them .
I usually go camping ith chiren to t mountains .
On holiday we do different prts , coo in he fire d ve n .
I am th riht person o yu .
hello!I am 32 years old girl from Ial .
I rell love take care of mslf an so th las yer I decided to do walking eve da in the evening .
It 's takes 1 hour and at h n I am very hpp and in a good mood .
I love aling near the rbour of my cty , so I can have a look to the beauifu sea ! whe I wal I feel th clean ind and so I ke lo breaths .
If o lk on th seaside in th evening you c have also the ossibility to se the sunset ovr the ea .... that ' great eotin ! I fe od in tht y a even my soul an have a breath .
I suggest everybody having he me evening walking , u need just a pair of cmfortale hose !
Thre is no future f public transport , beaue traveling by car is chaper han public tranort .
commuters prefer to tavel by car compared to public tasport .
The mai reason for peple do n't like to travl by ublic transport is due to overcrowdin
Travel by train is vy expensve nowadays .
Peop prefr te c rther tan public transort d to exal harssmet .
Dear Fedrico ,
ike ou ko , I as wk in a outh camp h ls yea , so at if you want to take ti job I ould ie say some thig that will hl y .
In the positive side , h ize of e grou is eall small .
I ha 25 cilden ad it is a good number for woking well .
Tis kind of jb is ery useful if you wan iproe your nglish skills .
I recommnd thi experience .
On h negative side r e laor conditions . The money is n noug for a he lel of lving in London and else te mey or " trael xpenss " , in my ca , arrid until Noember !
Can you eleve it ?
In any y , I recommed tt u te the job fo Augst , because I have listened that in this moth the organization is etter tn in Jly .
I ish ou luck a a od experenc .
Regards , Alex
Peter looked at s watch and knew that he had to do soething immediaely , that ha has planned two weks ago
th episo as hs sister 's ithday , " Now it is h suitbe momnt to announce e about surpise " pet said .
The per tred " happy irhday my lovely sister " pete said n ve here k of a r
Sara was so amazed and hug ere brthr d grateful him .
after that the celebratn was bgan an a ot of their riends have atteed ach one preentd a gift fr Sara , she ws very deihted a suddenl t dorbell ben rang
se was her old frind Tia .
Sara stood ad stared here f a fw nuets and g he ad bowe here f coig and thns here they had n't me r several ers after they ve finishd their study .Really it a reat moment and stay spaking together about mny things nd al the bt moment that collect thm toether , stay speakig untl e evening .and agrd to visit thi colage at he weekend to recall the bes memories , pete o is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia ad prepred fr all ti happen Sara never forget that y .
Nodays , ea famly ha several cars to use or their daily needs .
It 's uh faster uh more convenient tha uing plic transpotation .
T only drawbac that cmes along sin as is limitaion in el resources .
However , it seems th each da a nw soure r etractng fuels is exporng .
Bijin is th caital of China , it is te political , econoical n cultral center , but also a city of long history .
It was e capital of Mg dynasty and Qng dysty.so it a ma ancit architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Smmr Palace , e Temple of Havn , the Foridden Ct .
Espcially the Forbiden City is te argest achiectural compl which is best - kept in the currn .
It reprsets the highs arhitectural achievement in the anint Chia .
The Great Wal is octed in the north of Beijg .
It is me tan thousands of mals lon .
It s ben strting build from i dnsty , Its use as to resist Huns , but now it is a grat lae to visit .
These architecture also represents h culture of hina .
Beiing is also a cit which has many kinds of snacks and foods fr diffeent counris .
You a taste Peking ck , Sichuan sicy diced chikn , Henan stwed oodles and Yue dishes ...
w Beiing is a large international ty , it will inherit h lemets of history and develop mch better .
" The reality of transportation is that it is ftur oriented .
If we 're planni o wat we hae thn we r behind the cure " , Athony Fox .
Transportation as a major rle in a society as life revolves round otion .
We we talk but convenience , comfrt a safety then private transport is mre likel to consider .
In etain emergency cae , running for a bs sems harder than juping up in ur wn ar .
Prvte transot is totally on your own , so hee eains no tension of reachig a certain station on a pecific tm .
Traveling rivately makes one free of te issu as harrament .
Although many transprt providers loo forward to eradicate this problem , yet it remains .
ubli travelling ma troule the assengers due to ncreasig fre .
People often end to go on heir n as priate trnspor such as ca can be bogh easily on lons provided by bans .
Lokin on a wider pn , as ar these day avaable acording to te public deand .
or instne , ful - efficient , luxurious and eonomical car are easily available .
With th dvancement of the automobile industry , public transprt will not be considere as the first coice in the coming yeas .
The abe discussion suggests tt popl id private transport a safer , convenient and comfortable mode of trvelling .
The iy was esrted ta night , as chael nd I wandered thugh he narow streets .
It ad been raining earlier and t full mon shone brightly on te w stones .
Suddeny we heard th sound of running footsteps .
Then tere ws a c d te foosteps stopped .
Nervousl , we walk bak .
Prhaps someon had een killed , or knapped in e tree
We were gong to se wat happened , n we h omthing to see .
ere was n old rany w was et up .
We ry to gave r help but she was so havy d we could no do that . Thn we wr trying to fn el ,
u nobody was opening doors .
On our lc I d a mobile phoe , but Micael was saing that we need to escae because we did not know are those bullies na the corner .
My pla was to phone my dad and an amblanc an I 've done ha .
Aer we cam to e ambance , police cme and one patrol was catching those man who made that to ta granny a the ote patrol was talking to us .
I found u tat granny ame is Rose and she ha g operation after he acidnt .
To o relief , she a aved and hn we ent to granny room , we saw sle on her face .
We re als hap , but in Michael head ae a ot of things .
He knw hat if we ecap at that mome when the gany was at the ground , she would most probably die .
Michael lose th or n kw at that mment he had mde a mistake .
My name is amalden I 'm 31 yeas l I 'm maried n I do n't have cildre .
I mved with my famy rm oran to Saudi rabia in 1995 .
I bean stying when I ce to Saudi Arba in third gad .
I ose up in Al Qasi rgin and I lived the best time in my lf in Al Qassim .
I have big fmly contains from my father and mother ad I hav seven rothers and three sisters .
I sudied in Al Qssm Uniersty an my mao Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 21 afe that I gt jb in ministry of health nd I have een workg there sine 2010 .
I lke a ot of activies suc as traelling , readilng , play soccer and watch ovies .
I still beliee ha publc transport will be more poplar in e future de to beefits it povide for us . Travelling by ca is ore convenient b expensive .
Travelling pubic is cheaper .
On the other hand , not everybody can own the car .
Pulic tranpot is suitabl f those h have no own car .
esides , pubc transport will reduc traffice jam .
Today , governmet focus on how to imprv public transprt and te so incease thi suporing .
So public transport is proved continuously .
I thik it will be te favourie transportation for al of us .
My favorite spot is volleyball .
Ths sport caus fresh and jolly me d I thn wil exercise cse ealth.if o stt volleyball , you need a ball d pice of ground that separate with ie .
Shoppi takes plae th biggst par specially to women , but somtie it beomes nt so enjoale and I aree with ti statement .
irst of all , hoppig is ot satisfying hn o r tre , or y are hunry , or maybe it is jus yor prsonality wh de n't lke owds of peope waling ound .
Secondly , if you can no id wht you re looking f , you will not bm with happiness .
Wa is mor , you wi not be satisfied wih the hoppng if o lack money n can n afford to buy the tig which you really want .
To sm up , I wul like to say tht , if yu e in a mood or lck of money hen you wi not be able to feel plesure of it .
Humn lv has change a t in the st years , ad it ems that is wi hpened faster every day , h technology advances and the changes in te way of thinking , are adapting to a dffrent id of peol th each human generation .
Technology dvnce way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what ind of stff or artefacts will be fifty years om now , t we can gues soe ideas like flying cars , smrtphoes with the size of a small papr , laptops rall thin like quarter of inch , cotes that clean telf or change th clr ad hap , ealthier food , smarr electrodomestics .
l th will hel people to liv aily , but only to ae more tim to work , bcase the type of mi that reign tha ie wi focus in te companies nd ak money and spend it , thi is he rean wy a lot of job ae changing to a ome offce and e ims e gvin or a more facilities to their employees to be ore efficie .
At te end , the knd of ve tha we will s in ifty year rom now wl have a lot of suff to hlp the people to have a mre comfortable , easier and faster way of lv , but tis will be only to me mor oney and cosme more an mr , also the ting will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often ad create a consumerism .
Nowady , an incrasing nubr of peope ar concerne about the phenomenon ta armland , oret and weand is disappearing for ome ong - erm hma activities , for insant housin and transport netwoks is builded by destryng e balance of environment .
Firstly it is clear ha more hose a ranport netwrks is convenint f our peopl , what is knowed to us is that te population gowth is a bg problems , which is needed o moe palce to ling .
A builing more transport newoks is aso bnfit for us , for xaple , te high - seed rail cn be shoteed ur time in travelin.whle the animal may not welcome to it ,
In orde to command te psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know h n tendency of UI
design .
Therefre , with t good UI dign , ay peope will ae th user experience with pleasure .
e goo user experience ll be god to collect dat d be goo r making a decision in ommerc .
Once upon a time there a lvin a ttle gir in a sma town .
She as vey s , sensitive an ebarressed .
She dret aut ling in a big city where anyone woul n't kn her .
She a jst wanted to hid from thi world .
Her nm s ora .
Lora has grown up d become a very pretty adult .
She has mooved to Kyiv , raduate from niversty n strtd to work .
Although she tried to hid she a ecoe a great and a famous model .
Se as vn o a boyrend , Michael .
She lov im ..
He was her first ma , best friend and lover .
He was everything for hr .
He lod her for he flame .
He wanted to own al she hd .
Fom time to ie it semd to him that he loved her .
But it wa very hrt eotio .
Once Lra came and tl him tt she w sick .
She rie .
u Michal was n't worried .
Lora noticed his coldness .
he ask i to go .
She was killed by i coldns .
He wet ot .
ichal closed th door and knew at tht mmen he had me a mistake .
Football is my faorie sports In my life.so,I pay oe attention to it thn any othr thins you ight think of .
I hd been folowing series of football 's events in a round the wod at large .
I took this time to commad people o r sacrificing ther entire lif of te bettement of sportsanshi .
With all tha , I do have my favorite club team n country as well .
An aso have my farite laers , Roaldino , Mesi and t'o .
My favorite ub is Barcelona and county is Cameroo lthugh tha I am frm iberia .
I knw ootball does n't go by sentiments t h love of choice and what desire you th best .
Wat really mkes me to love Barcelon is tht they pay the footbal , instead of them running roun .
The always bring talented player ha will make t cl be re improved tactically.eople always y is;"Bacelona does n't uy plyers"it 's ot ike , they are lackng mony .
We do ssentil purchasing of layers to ve more money .
You ave to sve money r payers to enable yo to pay them on tme .
As normal humanbeings , ou have to know hw to snd mne , wher , wen to spend it.it's not ecause u hv more moey then ou lavish it .
So , i love my tm ad my staff a ho ty run thng in my team .
h fats should n be hdden rcelona is he best club team in t wrld , yo li or o .
I am wriing about th international sports I have een monthly magazine .
I enjoy ths prt because it is comfortable n elegant as ou never hurt yoself bdy .
rthermore , yo also have a l moe confiden in yourself .
T advie I ould give to someone who starting ths sport .
first of all you should et healthy fod to hv a good physi , do re exercise nd sleep les .
Mt people who play enis are alas ready n prou about themselves .
Eer dy I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to be at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 the I ak my lunch and relax for an hour .
In te vning I watch movies .
we l know hat do sprt is ery importa to keep ou ife eathy nd happy .
My favourit sport actualy is walkin;and I prefer walking in the morning and befo sundow .
I like alo walking in public steet , gardens , lubs a on e shore.whn i wn to go anywhe;I do my best to go on foot .
I lik this sport since my chidhood becaue I found that I can think aout my good tme when I was chid an relax with myself to think careful abt my prese and futre .
Te walking can al fness and do the kne strone .
It woul be interestig to ccompain your bst friend or your beloved to noy our time .
I advice my ys who suffer rom lazinss n overweight , ty to walk n ou at leat and after that th il ke thi sport .
Hi !
I wat to bein with one thng : I do n't hae a favorite pot or soethig on ta , bt I rlly ike to do xercies for my bo .
I think it 's iportnt to maintain our ne d of urse ou halh .
Becaus , we we ratice a sport or some simple exerises we feel ho the bdy receives energy , that it 's hppenng with me .
But we have concrete exampls , whic we should wear follow an wich already demonstted hat nthig it 's iposible .
Le Nadia Comaneci or ca ag , th are two peope which succeeded in their prt t th eseverance and ambito .
he are passionate by tha the do , more ocrete thoe ar fall in love with thir j .
It is an impotat thig to lov and like a lt what we practice , becaus that it 's the key .
Te pleasu and your will wil hep yo to sucee and to get the es scores .
In my point of vew , this subject , t prt , t favorite sport is oe of most pleasnt for me .
I lve to do jokig in the mornin n then to do a lt of xercise or my legs ad arms .
If I do ha , w the day is one of my bst ay , it 's a maaged day for me .
In concluion , I do n't he a faorite sprt , I lie to do a little of ll and I do n't refuse othing .
ori .
Ths crime was hppned about x yers g .
It was in Ily , exaty in Bergamo .
Yara finishe oe of your traing .
Her parents , after an al past our of the training 's inih , becam preoccupied .
h parents caled her , but sh id n't answer .
hen , when he did n't return at home , her parents reported te passing of their daughter .
The ureys were concentraded bov all in th constructon ite of Mapello .
In Decemr 21 , Fikr was banged - up by the poli .
Tee month after hr passig , she was redicovered da along te stream .
efinitely , th public transportation does n't have y futre .
A good amount of te poulation prefe to uy a car to go to th schoo , wo place , chuch on a faer on coortable y .
Every year thsands of car r sell and the dema is growing .
Probable the only opporunity to change this wll be to remrk on popl the oportuniy to av enrgy and iminis the eviroment contamiatin if we use pubic transportation .
Television h many advntages .
It is not only enertain , bt als educates .
There are many educational programe whi we can get penfit of it .
ood ilm can als entertain ad educat at e same time .
Football is he mo popular sor fllowed in Iay nd in Euoe , in fac there is soe imorant tournament where participate l imortant uroe team , ey are called " Champions Legu " a " Euroa Lague".ootball is a te sport in fact in this sport partiipte everyob ithout xclue nobdy .
e people sart to ay footba in a reulatry pitch , afte ome te ty will be tied , u it is noma beause their muses ar t enough srng for runni ound the ich for my ims .
If u ofe ain you msces wi bcome ery stro .
Another thing yu do not hae is h bal control .
The ball control is th control yo have when you run it the ball .
o can mprove it runig with the bll and gradall you will improve your ba contro .
w to ake true mistake ?
I 'll tl yu a tory happened at scho
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in schoo never eer e , but a on y was t bt y from an other pouring normal dy because i learn hw live as poerfl smart gil who used to l the other us h becas h wnt to feel needed fm my friends but i d t hv may friends in scho except " Michae " .
l my class called me creep uly geek but still littl good only wn a teacher want ro tem a research or t exas
re next couple days but Michael trying to stop me don tha because hy nver beome my frens a i was bigger to do this thgs ;
tt day i us fnis help yonge student to understand s math lesson My friend Micel aked me to do h ame to give her answr she for al ina exams i was in bi shok hy she want that fom me any a i cllct my couag tld r at as wrong and become to do that in colleg better to start stdy now an I 'll hlp hr to stdy the hard lesns ( i was very sd to say no & she ased me tt)she ecom er agr a told me i should hl e because we e as my es Friend the i ol her hat why i tld e NO a she told me i hate you
Mchel cled e dor and knew at that momen he hd ad a mistake .
Pollution as a probm in e environmnt
Years ago , pollutin was o a big problemtic to deal with .
Technology ws no as advanced as it is now , so h amont of wste was small .
Or ancestors us to live in a unselfish lie .
owadays , pollution is a plobelmatic that we hav to solve before it ges worse .
A new wy of trnport ut be incuded .
We r used to drivig a ca and we do not notice hw uh damage we cause . We soul start usi n ways of transort as go by bik or by lking .
ot nly il solve pollution , al it will hel us to discard obesit .
We Should include new alternatvs of transport in ur routines .
Riers ad es ar victims of modenization .
We hav no idea of ow mch amge factoie causes to te rivers and seas .
In fact , the factores waste goes to the rivers .
The govrnment hould improv a new l to regularize ths dage .
As we ca see odernization is causing dag in rvers an seas .
In my opinion , Polltion is a problematic on h entire world , n oly in mern counies , so we houl try to reccle or , any kind of hel is necssary .
Dear grandmother ,
H re you ?
I haven't seen o for a lng time .
I have a new beautiful air of shoes .
Thes r white with black an blue lies .
I love it .
My othr gave me for my birhay .
I 'm gog to clebrte my birthay ex week in my hous .
Wou you like to come ? I 'm gong to invt all my fiend and fily .
It 's gng to be mzing .
Se u soon .
azin .
Hi Jo ,
I am very hpy because e time spent very as .
I d n't have athing news about you .
You can come ere wen u hv im becaue my ouse is your house .
hie you are with me , you will do curriculum ite and ater we will trav around my country a we wl beoe a good workerds .
This idea is antstic , although ti will be vry complicated .
Hwever the best pion is tht yo cm hre and aer I present my frins nd ter fathers because they can hep with yu job .
On the the hand , I do n't reommend tavel becaus th is very xpesive .
If yo ca here , you will ee a lot of count nd you travel around t wld .
Bu it is yu deiion , the options e my aice .
I wil lok forward to your notie about your decision , but I am ey nervos because if you a with me , I wil have e bst summer in my fe an I wil be very hpp because we will do pates ith a lt of riend .
You ust rember tha th mney are er important in yur decision .
ntiia
An i went to pn the door .
I was really comfotabl in my bed i cout belive that omeoe nterrupt my alm .
But , whatever , i wn .
To th door and open it , reul tha a my rother .
Aft that say hi nd go wt im insid , he told me that our m was goon to a trip for a we d we ae to ke care of my little sise .
I was a little worid because i love my ster t she was younge and i had a lot of wo .
Whatever i deided to ai yes and pepared myelf to ae care of her .
My brotr go and he promised to return lter with my sister .
I closedthe oo whishing eer have to opened again , then i went to the athrom an took a relax shower .
I pctise Pilates Meth evry Sund ornin .
I like tis sport because it is a simply healt sport that respecs my body .
I practsed anse a long time ago but wh aes , I 've preferred to practise an easier sprt .
I discovered Pilates 2 years o and bga wt a old Bejar dancer .
He took time to eplain each moment and mde me undersandng the concept .
Afe 10 tmes I obtained results on my body : stretch , newy and flexible .
If I coud give dvices to new prctisers of Piates , it shuld be to rd a ook abou his method and to take time hoosing a og teacer .
A few ears previoly I to ar in n prramme name aled Christmas Drama .
In my schl ages I dd t participa an programme evn sports .
ecause school teachers never encourage me to participate .
If te told me to tted omplsory I will do without ay hesition .
Whe I ee in ANDRAPRADESH vey year we have Chrismas function in Decembr althugh we are not interested to aten Drama he were o ave us thout participation even simple character .
They gave me a charactr le TH GOD .Firstly I evr aware about ho at ad do th particular chacter .
A from Octobe to tl December we practise evrday after r tdy hou up to eleven " O"LCK.D BY DAY I learn and fnaly I did my role wll .
Then I think myself y I wased a my scool ys .
Personally I belive tha those who ae nt participate an activity h teachers has hem to ecourae .Then nly the also know how talnted they are .
Evr student should tten nd show thir talent .
Afer sme ages we can t tted any this tpe of actiity because we all are become ol .So let do ad enjoy or yun age be happier .
T future of public transport in develed countries is very dferent , ecause os pele have a car , in the peopl who live in poor countrie , most people tak publi transot , cause people do n't hav a car n is cheaper take public transport , the pollutin of public transport is hg d is gowng hir world countries should ve , o friendly transport .
I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , en betraying family and fiends .
I thugt that was nly seen in ilm .
The real worl woul not lke that .
I stongly belived eole would rther hve love in the heart han eerythin .
I ws n't rich , not haing an good things , nly a saple erso , but I lve hapiy .
At least I had a stable b , lover , family nd riend .
However , these things hve changed , All the things I have been onig , building , reaining are bokn .
It is rd to believe my eyes tt I could e t avdity under thei ey , as if thy could n't wi to see me dead , hy ca n't become brilant so long as I am alv .
I hve always trie to covine them hat I am not that b some people said .
My famly live in te cty enter of Madrid but I do n't like living here ecuse it is nis n thre is ontamination , so I decided to move to h county side two years go .
I love is plc because it is relaxng ut the onl problem fo me is I live aloe and I 'm lnly .
My mother ke my feeling and se anted hel me .
She am to my hose with a presn last ek and when I opened it ... I coud n't blieved it " It was a little d eautiful monkey !
I wa so exciting a ve happy .
o me it was like to ve a new member of the family nd he livd wih me .
Sinc thes moment my life chage and w I go to evy pac ih " ang " monkey 's name
Dar Sir / adam
I am writing this ettr in order to ppy fr the b in the " usa summer cams " .
I s the job advertisement in th lcal newspaper .
To start with , I uld lik to tell u that I have studied gastrnom in the Itituto Crandon , one of t st reognised institutes in Uruguay , aso , I have just finshe e ports a health corse in the Uniersidad de la Republica , in which I earnd to work frm chidrn to adults in t sports ea .
I tink every pople ove sport .
In te world ry amou sot fesival is Olymc .
Tere included ay kind sports sch as wrestling , bsketbal , tennis , running .. etc .
My favourite sports are baketbll and martial art .
First , Basketball is team sport hn it means i ned to understand expression of membes of team and kep onact them or emple my roll is cutter but i need to do asiste , bocker and garding when i play .
Secondly , Evr country have own mrtil art histor n culture th is kungfu fro China , aekwndo from Japan and Karate fr Korea .
It nt ut fighting ese sprt giv peope durability , spee a pwer .
Epecally i like karat a Kn - fu .
Ma n women hose a possibe to intrest it .
There is n seial criteria such a tal and srog mscle or gender .
Tese 2 sports impoving hua basic biity to rech as posile high capabiliy .
I suggested to othr pele irt to undestnd yourself such as what do yu ik , which is possibl nd tn pratie after evr sccss
my favouri port is badminton .
it 's a gam between 2 or 4 people .
he ue a bat a a shttlcock hic is lke a bao featr .
purpose sore ost points .
I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always wi .
I think I am go player .
my first ply bamnton when I a 7 years ol .
postivs way or aying badminton : you can lse wght , yu sion il be goo tc
ngatves ways o playing bdinton : ou righ arm is more strg ta you left ar , sometime , yu a sprain your ar .
I 'm ure is very heth or your body .
Acoring to is form , we can kno lerning knowledges takes a part of time in n day .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schol students , their sleeping tie average in eight hos even moe .
As for me , my diy schedule do n't have much opton , jus only sudy , seep and oher .
Ohers ilude in rest and exercise , but th do n't occupy ts of time .
In my awareess , I ko United States adoates free - styl study ad lf - learing , so they aside rom stdy , they have diversity selections .
Wen it comes to my sleeping , I only hve four to five hours in a day .
The lake of lep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
t mo remind myslf to get up aly , the or things i need to do .
So it usually potpnes my sleepig time .
The ly common option is rs ti , I also sen three to ur hours .
Becau i think famly d fries ar my spirit mdicie , they ca giv me lots of nergy .
First , I am to say that Peol 's ive change in the utre , because e new technologies wl chang the ivs of pole .
I think hs , becuse h e echnologies are craed by people f improving our habits .
For example , Inteet in he next 50 yes will be ery ifferent , I gess that pope will have a ch in our head nd th may do many thins with yo mind ik if we nd to al other people , we wl tin about it and we y speak with it .
For ohr hand , People me other inentions fo imprving the world nd reuce pollution , o example , In his time we have created electrc as or organic food , these things are very useful in future , bcaue we will nd to reuc ollution .
Aso , eople will need to iprove meicin to cre diseases nd for this , Pple need to create mr inventions to resolve thee problems .
Finall , I think tht h bet chae will be in ur lifestyl , We will change our clothes , thinkig a oth thing , We wil be more dependent a we ne mo tigs f or day to day .
Although I ae en having terrible jet lugged since cm back my ountr , It 's great to see my family and my iends .
nyway I have to find a br to develop myself and tk a ret .
I never say goodbye to everyoe because I will come bak England .
Michael is a teen guy ta live wih hi parents .
He is seventeen years d n he has a ster .
is sister is si year old .
One summer tomorrow , er sister woke up very ely .
He s wory becas h sister lways we up vey late , abot midday .
Someoe ri t dor and he opned but thee w anybody in the or so he closed e door again .
He listened a b nie at the op of t stairs bu he did nt go to look tat oise .
The door ng agan d he opened again the door , hi sister was wt i an she was ve cared bt there was anyboy in the door agai .... n th time , the noise at th top of te stirs was higher and he undestood ll .
Somon was calling h or hle that omeone ws stealing in our house ...
By that , r iser is scared ad woke up ...
Michael closed th or n knew at at moment he d ae a mistake
Twnty year ago I started payin fotball .
I a practised a lot of spors before , but wen I tarted pying football I felt that as my sport , this w feedom .
I ve played at a lot of teams .
An jut as I wa becmin in a proffesional ootall player , my right nee injure .
en I ve been operaed twic .
Becue of injries , I hav nw inking on leaving football to dedicate me to other assio , the utar .
iting emils in English c smetims be hr .
I moed to the UK from Turey recently .
It is nt alas easy fo me to speak in another language cnstntly .
I hav to improve my writig .
Thi is the reson why I 'm trying ths we page .
ort is very heathy , it is vey important tt a people do eercse r their bdis .
I love sor a I ually go to h g .
I like unnng d I run tree days a we .
I prefe doing sort it a fiend or my sister , it is funnier .
If I r alone , I ake my mobile phone an I can listen to music .
When you go ling you do n't ned words , or worm or n thing but hp .
This is the book Owl
Moon .
hi book is written by Jan Yolen .
I like that phas Becau h o w hpy becaus he gt to
go owlin and he s been wted to go owin for a ln time a he finaly got to go .
Whe ther kis are appy th makes me hapy . I ie it Because it makes me fee good cause you do n't f't
( av ) to have words to go owlng but you haf't to have hope to see an owl .
My ne is Ingrid .
I am have 24 years old n I live in Rena .
Physically I am blonde ,
I have blue eyes and I am of erage height .
I like going to the ciea , get out with my friends ,
to playin h counter strike , wlking to the pk , gong he shopping an ca n't stand watchng t blo .
I n am studying Software Engineering .
On September I am goi to Mard to sudyng the mste of
Web Programming with my friend .
I prefer living with my boyfriend .
I am more oantic that my boyfriend .
I hate atin vegetabs and I love eatig his .
I dislike is tht I wll be away from my amiy .
I am gin to ms my family .
They re very hpy it me , because my marks is gd .
Hi , Jenny
Wel , as yo ake me Jenn , th mo brilliant aco tha se before is Vn Deael , it is an excellent professional n he protagonized a grea dl of move like th sa of ast nd Frious , Rid , Nnnies bulletproo a oter extas films .
This is one of my faourite actor becuse , when he is ecordng a fil he assume s rol passionately and ht is really important fr a good actor .
Aothr of my favourites is Wl Smith , he appeared in the wl - known ilm , Men in Black d others excellent fims ik I am Legend .
This is fo me a mn pope an excellent act because his personalty is extrovry .
So Jenny , hee are my two favourites fm stars .
I have to go soping , sry .
Se you
Frac .
Ths opic ha controversial opinn hese days , Tt everyone should take a year off between leavin scool and sartin college or university .
I am goin to stdy the topics fom bh apecs n give my opinion in the mter .
A gd percenta of peple thk at everyone soud tak a year off beteen levin shol and start ollege .
ey thin that year t student cn spend in job to earn oey so hy a ffor eir xpnses durig college .
Tis wa helps them also to explore the job market , some js are in great demad compaed to thrs .
Or impy the studet a spen is ime travelling .
hi way help em to ge rd of sudy stress , and to give me to her social if .
Othr think that if tudents take a year f tdy is unwse .
As return back to udy may be fficult .
It is eter to finish study frt then go o work or hang relxation wit ravel .
oth opinion he their merits .
In my opinio I Think it reaty depend on individual financal situation .
As I o have moneary tha can cover yor expenses on rael is otaly different tn if yo have to wr to cove your xpese .
or o us hae ha is essenti or education ad university fees .
Transport is ry importnt in r ie , bcuse we transport from place to other places .
the dvelopment technology d Inustry very ast , so h public transport no future ,
Must be Interesting t devlopment transort vn fits th tims .
Hello oe .
Congratulations f your weding , I hpe ou will be ll yr if as happy as you e now .
Jenny and you ae a great couple .
hank y vry much Joe for think in me f to be yur witee , I feel very proud that u hik in me for to be your wiees a of course I accet a I wil be in Torono for our wedding .
Joe we live far aa sic I wo fr he d cross , but I steel be the sme erson as I ws at h chool d I like the sme things .
oe I av th same mory as I a a child , d I do n't remember to mch Sopie .
Was she at the sool it us ?
Could you decribe me h ? .
In other way , I ner be a iness , wha I ave to do ?
, tell me ht ci of sit have the witnees have to wa , If I hae to buyany colour of tie , e flower .... really I 'm ver exciting wt your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother brthday in novmbe , and if you can we cul have a drink .
Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
est wishes
Joe
hello , good mrning
I enjoy my favote sport because I ie running , payin n go to the forest .
Th sprt is health and od or the ody . you shuld starting is sport for o fel gd .
your muule will be had .
fr this is necessary drnk wat , eat fui , egetables ad asta .
we do n't chould eat swet and sgar .
if yo want to start this spot , you shld star running thirty minutes .
hnk you fr sowng your interes in my village concerns with the environmt .
Te ton , aori , as been know fr it pacices to preserve natre . in or twn , we conct othly metings concerin waste managemnt , as wll as pesticis .
We are vry appreciative of Dr. Mnjot aqi , who has tken upon himself to lad the eetings nd eucate our village on health problems associated with mproper dispose of th was . e village has uit pits to dipose wast .
T fact of using a ca to transport , is essential in fe , and that depends on the car you wn to buy and se ga .
When ou drive you ut take precauions at l times because if you n ot cuse an accident
Link Remember tat a car is to make your life easier to trasfer and sve as a way also to bring secrity because ou go in your r n is less likly to e mugged or something .
Sme desventejas may not have the money to mintin it , and they always remember tht t car should give you a service a not to him , whih is wy you lays ke it in line with the egne so y do no fal .
One day I visit my friend Jimy in New or city , he was a young man wh was speialis on rais ad tourism , he talked bout how the citizens and t commutrs move from ne plce to another , he told me at te gad cenral terminal was the lgest terminal of te city , he show me wre the landmarks of te big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the ity an we went to ifferent parts fst he to me to Colubus circle in e souh west corner of central park were thee we the os expenive apartments then we wet to th lake were the jogging tras that circe e lake area popuar wh early morning visitrs , th we went to th museum of natural history that wa ocatd near the metroolita msem of art ten I gt focal on he sbay trains so we went to Gran central terminal when we arre I was amaed to ee many peole goig to wo so he told me tha it w conveiently f peoe to use t train because is very fastest and fo e overnmnt it was a grat economic usines then he old me that one of th characteistic of
In the ea of technological advancement , everthing go beyd one 's expectation .
here a mbile pho which a a fac to fce communicaton ; t transportation drivn by olar cll ener .
In ddtion , he advanement of transortation system which is devlope day - by - d perfrms to the mst onveniet an e fastest as hey n .
Even thou e personal ar a consumed ore and ore because of i nvenient ; in my opino , untoppabl transportation developent will rform public transpor to be more pular thn travelling by c .
he nuber of people in the old is continaly increased .
This ake te city be crowded .
Imine if eeryone has individual cr , may we walk on the top of th car to mee neighbour by the ext dor .
Therefore , public transporation is demd significant in order to reduce enity on the od , the traffi .
In te irt paragraph , I 've written ta the tansporttion development il never lose plac for public tansport .
Fistly , thr re a lot of methods to travel ; or example , buses , toley buses , Mtro , BS , tin , ship .
Secondly , pubc trsport imprve tsel to be more functional and help spport pople .
For example , comfortble seat , system uport for te hnicap or hysical disbilit , me cature that elp people to know te f tim when e bus come , as wl as ecurty support tha help people to be more confident to travel .
Lstly , public transprtaton ake you sue to arrive on time .
u do not worie bot the rffic jm , or try to fd th car park .
l taken no account , the public trasport s a uc more useful ad convenient , bo individuals an commercial .
Although he persna ca is pplar , the public trasport is still be valable for the country
Dear Chis ,
I wou like to spn this Saturday with ou ) )
Hp , You will be free at 6 a.m.
et 's et on Jh 's apartment .
Hs paty is always fu .
All our friends will be there .
Smme vacation is so desirable that tose in school or workplace long o it .
To mos students , weekend is essential to em , bause hey are not alloed to lay omputer games until t weekends .
In my opino , wkend t nly gives us ough me to take an adequate break but low us to enrich ourself .
Similrl , sume vacation give us more ti to do meaningful thins .
Sch as viting museum , seeng ouhing movies , dig exercises n so on .
On by constntl do conducting my daily routi can I learn more information a become stronge
In iportant mtings like UN General Assembly or G77 , an leader of owe cunties raise the envirnmental problems as the most concerned roble in tei internal olcies .
Disasr on the environment nt only cause many problm to human but alo to l diversity of ie .
As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek way to edce cuse d effects of thes coming disaster .
Firstly , I smeimes use my o 's bicycle to university taking ar to redce the carbon dioxide emission from my cr .
Riding a bicle also a kind of eo - friendly ransprtation .
Nex stp , I reduce using some of the cosmtic products that rovid or made fom the aterials case a grenhous eect .
Tere a also ny related pructs which hrm he environment .
De Juliet ,
Thank or you letter , it ws a pleasant surprise .
I am writing to el o that I ca n't go to the marathon with y , becase the distance is too log for me , I 'm not fit enough o th .
I'm orr , maybe next yr I cn go .
Last week I saw a bi trip to te untryside and how about registering r this ?
Bye f w , I 'm looking forwd to earig ro you .
Love ,
Kriszti
I hin tat I should pas because I worked ar ad this is the last subjt to finis my studies .
I really thin tt , we should speak nlish .
I do n't know how study Englsh and for this reaon is very difficult o me .
The net ye , in Octber , I 'll go as auair to Ofor . whe I ope to learn English .
I thin that it is he only wa or me .
yes , I 'm alkig with a fmiy in Oxfo .
I hould go in Octobr .
I love tis family becae it is a sinle mher d I think it is easier
yes , I 'm alkng ith a family in xford .
I should go in October . r 7 moth .
I love this family becuse it is a single mother an I think it is easier
Der Manager ,
I am nterested in the vcacy in your cafe .
In your dvertisement , you si that y need a erso who an wrk at weekends in your cafe .
I believe tt I can be a good helper for two reasons .
Firs , I am oo to cookin .
I a been worked in ABC resaurat unt last year .
Besides , I also so good at aling with people .
More information aot my qualficaton please see t attachment .
Bet regards , n lok forward to yor good ws .
B
1250
100
Te video game Counter Strike is a oo gm for h computer , I hink hat lay it is a od way to enjoy .
In this vido game , y can kil , jump , dace , and eat all yu wat , is a ey good me I think that is te best " ooter " an that " Aic Comat " o is well .
I am a vy el player in ths , I know play it ver goo .
In concluson , Counter rike is te best ame in the world .
Smme holid ,
I hae been to Italy on holday 3 years ao .
I di n't ae a log holday , it wa just for 3 day but these 3 ys re the es in my life .
I ust say that I went hee bcase my iter is living there so I did n't hv to ook a room at th hotel a peding too uc mney .
I went to th Vatican d Re , I w their masive buildings which wer imprsive n tei old houses .
The weather was fantastic , I love bathing in the sun an resting on the hot sa on th bea .
Am Melo Martinez , I 'm 26 ears od , I w br in Mexico .
one of my passio in this wor is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor peple and kd .
I hik am a suiabe person to care of childre , because I lie wking wih kids , is not the frst im I wok th hildren .
I currently wk with children with disabilities a I lov it !
I 'm od at imrvising games to children , d go cook oo .
If you only give me the opportunity to wrk for te am , I will nver disappoint y .
Peter looked at hi wat a knew that he ha to do something imeditely .
He took his backpc ad ran really at to he schol .
Today is the b day , he dy of h apresentatio abot acd rain and yr consequences on nature
etr udeded ad prpred hmelf for this y for a ry lng time , because inally hs mother will see him after four er separate .
Peter d a beautiful preentatin n o his mother is vy rud .
A health is an important pa in our ie , so our priort in o city is an evironment , d people consider keeping our envionment and work togeth to preservation of the envirnmnt .
Therefore , th mnicipalty of evirnment ut regulations a instrutions to take care of u villg .
firty , organizin collecting garag .for example , red box fo medical rbbish , becus it is dangerous , it is txic mterial , in yellow b for plstic , wit o for glass , d ik box for other trah .
Thi wa is to aciitates lassification of garbage and transfer each sts of rubbish to pecific place .
Secondl , reycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to ecycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our le .
Lastly , workshops about onservation of evironment to increase environmental awareness among eole to encourge them to take re of their city , and w hey can recycle se rbbsh to beneficial objects to eplit it at home .
In addition , may reidets in ur town ha launched initiative whh target to clean up our villag , an plant many trees on the steets to keep he evionment clen an potect our generation from polluio . moeover , to attac touists to visi us .cnsequenes , jumping umbe of visitors to ur ton , and reducing poluion which causes several disease .
furturemore saving cost of tretment ecaus of decreasing number of patients .
In conclusion , we lo orwrd to being our vllge fe from pollutio ad keep our halt and enjo in pure air were ur childre wl grow up .
an s a uner of the i leagues tat wned to get te wold wide record of te es tm in 100 m .
To reach hi gal , he traine a t with o of his collees an he gave no iportance to the judgents at people have over m and his ambitious wishes of victory .
Athouh he as alas thinking if it s a blessing or a lessons I be cometng .
Eiter , he ha an enem that s trying to extinct his love to run and getig hi out of the copetnce .
Th enemy thinks hat the assin to fund of an wll demise , bu h ds n't count , hat this oe wil be frver in hs heart to iht with any adersity in i road .
At t d , he continue running , hans for this , he approached his gol .
Iternet is th best means of comunication .
ntrnet nowadays is use l over the word for any goals .
fis we uses Internet to discver h world 's news , from Internet we can heck and read world 's most famous newspper such as ne Yor times , t sun and al electronic wspaper .
Internet as an be used to lean and to educate yurself , intrne alow us to ea book , maazine and ort storis .
Internt is the most effective way to start a busness and to lok or a o , ay pole us Internet to ork , and hey earin money every moth .
nternet is a ay to ke new friends all over the wrld hough social website such as Facebook , twitter , a o tube .
As a conclusion intert is making thins better n easier , life ow is alwas connected to the ntrnet .
My me is Mariangeles a I am goin to so you ne of he mst agnificnt plac of Extremadura , Moterrubo de la Serena .
Visiti this smll village you ill enjo a rural orism wih cam .
eeing the dratism ad raism of th best known event in Eser , paed during nin yars by e inhaitants , " Te Pasión of Chrit " .
Discover the main representative museum there , h olive museum were you are abe to look at ts history in ah of thir corners , besides tasting its exuisi oil .
Me hir Ptrn sant San sidro and get t mst u of teir memorable party in his honor .
Inspect closely this unforgettle place and lar a bit re abot the culture of Extremadura .
My favouite sport is swimming .
Since I was young I lke wimming and wen I grw up I tol my mum that I an to ake competitions .
The frst time it 's dficult lik thr port becase you do n't know an y av to imporve by ourself t if you lie it you will find fascinating .
Also I emember my first competitions , I did n't win I wa ke the 4th bu I was n't d because I though that he nex time I il do my st nd robably I oul win .
I went to swi lik 4 hurs a week and it a amazing becaue I improve a lt and right nw I 'm e of the et .
ast year I o te natioa competition in my country and that make me feel so ood , because it 's all I want .
If yo wat to tae up swimmn I will ecommnd yo to do you et d if you lik it u wi enjoy it at the sa tme you make eerise
In e past most of popl did not o orry about ter healthy .
In hoe days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies an their almentation , f hi he convidnced me ta hy wil tr imprve thr habitual alimentation everyday d tir wi do spor mre frequently .
As I the most people we start to do sprt becaue we e tressed d needed go ou of o hus afer a hard day of work or study .
Oe ay I ent to do runin a sie ht moment I hav o stoed .
Th momn erfet is whn you at , in the morning , in the afternoo , in t eveing or in h ght .
Is thrl that on smme we have to be careful with te hor a o ot and we shoud avoid .
Is necessary buy a well - euiped sneaers , to make ue do n't suffer a pain on our feet an he ret of oy .
In Tampic Cit the mo importat landmarks th ar squaes in Tampico , the better shopping ty ae all Altama ubicate in Taico cene a th beach Madero , te most imotant prs thy are Carpenter 's lgoon an my favorite restaurant is Child 's in al tama .
T beach at nigt is a on ette place r happ wth yor amily
Dear Ms Ana
Here I come to expres my thought aout hat have been happening durng the past week at th rceptio of h building .
I am ppy to s that I ae nl positive poits to presnt de to hw elcome I fell whe I arrve at te eception .
Becouse of ha , sometims I feel free to ask em wht I want n depending on the way thy rcive my comments I a st e the do he ak I aked them whout keeping on watching them .
In conclusion I 'd lie to offer my d if anything oud be necessay .
Regards .
Myth and fable ar always my favrite yps of stories , because they can eithe be easy to understand or xtend deeper mtter .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a stor by discovering their akground fit , is n't it ?
r exame , de to t ide spredin of " The Epic of ilgamsh " , we l hed omthing rlte to it , bt do n't rely know about details .
Amount of taition a legend nwadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , te flood mentioned in t ibe , ad espeially Mesopotamian civilization .
Therefore , I t to fnd ut ore information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
In conclusin , i hope ht Riyadh cit will be mo interested in traffic jam .
If the governmen gives attetion in improving the strees , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , d controls traffic ja by plce , Riyadh ill ecom a great cit so the people do n't rry about going u .
I hope this roblem will disappear soon .
Dear Sir or Maam ,
My ne is Andreia , I am 27 yeas old . I am a very friendly peron and I have experience in this are .
Last sume I wrkd with children gd 10 yar ol ring a ont and I had rganised some activitie on t beach suh as footba games and gym clases .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make the tme realy f .
I like very much to cook and I think ht hee e oe activitie that we cn do on the tcken , lke to co cookies or ma reh bed .
F aother hink I an peak English very we , ecause I a studid Engish in university although I ws Portuguee .
I wld like to ge this o becus I love children ad I am a vry paient pson .
I hope o conside my application and cntact me ,
Andreia
In te future , ths endency ill be continuing more and oe specific soil networing sies etwee bsiness and pesonal life .
In orer to this happen , loing t fr new social neworkig ites designed are prticlar gals .
To be tke place of a general network ie yu fund on Facebook , ou ll fd ses a specializing at people , busnes a society .
Hving ued cars to fulfill our transportation needs within h city lmits it is a vr good oton fr mny of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or ev outside of our suburban areas mght equire a dfferet sort of transportation , theefore is her the pulic transortatin should focu on sinc the ng trips takin more an a simple commute in the city oud reqire it .
It hs bee a pouar Amrian tradition o ma yers nw , snce the mid-60s ht we all s cars owned by ivate parties in rder to meet ur ned , hnce conidered the " modu operndi " ee since .
A ne thinking might hl to addres ts isu : transportation telf , perhaps , it is in ne of evlution , tt might be the use of public trnsportation , it has proven to be he best mane to get to aces which roads and gographical area might appn to be unknown to h traellr .
irstly , al pople can buy a l of type of soe tins in my city f examl in the centre of the city we can be souvenir becase this town has gt old monuments , theatre ad chrche .
In noth of the cit ople sell l types of fod .
Normlly hs foo re made when pope did in th past , althug , the best street market is in t west of he ciy .
On he other hnd , u shoul visit a bookshop in a street arer .
However u can red a bo while o cn et ad drn me thins in t sofa of sreet .
ou mt remember ta in the eter of th ct , yo can visit the bakeries wi he best sweets d bread of wor and tse sweet e cheap than in other ows .
Finally , people ca know h bigest shopping cener of Spain , th situation of this soppng center is in th natinal stree 445 in west of te city .
You an ee moer cltes while you eat in a restaurant nd o cn te photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center a yu fe a st , because y see a famous pero n you thik that yu are in a fim .
The movie I deide to review for u is thriller called The destny .
Th plot of ove is set in a all town wer eeryting s its on eys ad because of at yo mu be ware of your behaviour .
Al it egn hen daughter will come to visit her othe an her ep aher .
What I lid most wa th y thin you know ht is going to hpen but for ou surpris it awas turns up for something unexcepted .
espte the fact that ther is n't any holywood ar all te characters are played er believable and som scenes wo n't let yu sleep .
Even he scery is n based on real story it il akes y think abo accidets happening rund you .
Thee is n't anything special wha I dislike mae excp fr he music which was usd ter .
Sometimes I felt that te background sog do n't mach ith wat w happening bt after al you are in expectations of nt step so u woud n't mind it .
I highly rcommend thi mvie to everyone who wants to see hapenng unpredictale ituaions and likes the feelin of nknwn .
Hi Isabel ,
I love this new lce .
The town is alle ite ciy .
It is situated in Meia .
Is a uit and eautifu ty wth any thng to do nd a l of places to go .
My foourite place is the beach that is near , ut abt 20 mils away fo my fa .
I pe you can oe sn .
Jore
In tward to modernization of ife nd tecnolgy the peopl beief in different perspectiv about way of lf , t majority of one is totally utopic .
Eveyone wants a partular bjecs and inividual life , as an goisti man being ; howeer the relm wol hasn't caacity to support hes deas .
Atually , we have a lot of prblem with affic : lots of ar in e railway ad it do n't rnning ; the numb of cars in th street cue a dirty pollution ; crawded raiwas cause a lte destiatin .
In t bgget cities around e wrld the rffic nonstop and incrase eery dy .
We descovery , in th prspective , special deseases by trafc : stres , violence , polution , insecurty , so on .
r ts reason , I believe that in the future we wil retn to use a green comuster d public trnsport .
If the pblic transport wil be by hier qualit , faster and ewr rtes , majoriy of itizns wil be prefer : is oe calm to relax and ad a newpaper or a magazne durin h wy in a collective tnsport thn an indiivdual o ; moreover , the tme end up to go a came back wil be reduce , becaue it promotes less a in he ailway .
Thus , in th ture , public trnspor will be re itereting than particular n indiviual transport .
Ls month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
In the morning We went to Ocean Par , we saw dolphin , cat , horse a may animls .In t afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on tp of oie and cale for el .Aually I te playing rollar oster .We played min train , punc n a t of gme .At he e of the y I a st le unnig u of gas , because I w oo tird to lk any further .
Last ay , I gave her a photo that was our first hng out and we hugge ch other , h ge me a present nd caled me to kee it for e .
Nowadays , studets hv a lo of various orm of education . he ma nt oly learn in schol ut also through the Internet .
It ha both vantages d disadavantages .
The ain advantage of learning per nternet is tme saving .
We we attend a school we ten wste tme on bses whih we y inen to tudyng .
In se of Internet learning we can neself se urs of learning .
Also , possibility of larning at hme is a ig advntage , epecially fr peple o preer eace and silece .
Then it 's betr to concentate of learning and we do n't fel any prsure or strss connected ih aking nd sts .
On th other had , rough the Internet learning on a log term we could feel bored or lely , Scool ive opprtunity of leaning in grop when students my help eah oher d resolve oblems .
Anoher disadvantge of learning per Iternt n be issue with nteret connection .
It t always or correctly .
A mind tha lost it .
Malcolm Young is a guitaist that th his brother founded th rock bnd : AC / DC .
He never h been the most fmou guitarist in th world , He was just one moe guitar play .
He as lived behind te sado of i brher , the leader uitar a on of the mo important gitarist .
Hoeve he never as tought in ti like a problm .
He ust do hs job , play guitr n sing lik a sond oce .
Bt if ou rseach about wa he has done r ACDC , you realize that he as an important man .
A lo of AC / DC 's son wer written and compoed by himself .
He ha be the AC / DC 's ind .
Bt Why I did this article abou someone who look ke a simple uitarist , the reason is just one , te le , this man who one y jut disaper rom te faactics ' eye .
On Aprl 014 he wa unabe to do perorans .
On sepmtember 2014 , a nt was reaied a pulished in AC / DC 's wbage , the note sid : " Malcolm is takg a rek from the band de to ll ealth " .
u h true was worse , alcolm hs had an illes since 201 and dly he is orse .
Dementia is the illess .
The dementia is an llness that afect the bai , pople 's memory wre lt , Malolm do n't emembe who is the eople surrond him .
Aroun a ar g , a vido wa ae by Bailian radio .
he video sho us w demtia sufrers ' reaction to listig ACDC 's music .
in the end we rad a etences : " Athough you might someda forget but te world , th wod wil nver forg yu , Malcolm , "
Live you oly hv a lf , today , perhaps tomorrow yu lost al .
My name is amy .
I'm 22 yrs od Egptian .
Whe I w young , I njoyed playin basketbal .
I thought that it 's h be sport ver .
It mae me i and trong .
It tagh me he meanings of tework an leadership .
I Kep playing basketball 4 years continously till I joined the ecodary shoo .
My advice to anyone starting bsketbll is to never giving up d alay ee playing til he ls minute .
We are nt aloe . We live with people whome r family for us .
Relationship can be ry different ?
fm the bst to the worst .
B sometims we start to call our sisters nd brother or enemy , without e reason .
o brink up ?
Who care about us ?
Who t to mae us hapy ?
O nem ?
Of course no .
Our famil is peop who wll love us , do n't look on situations nd wo we ae .
We are always small and careless children for ou parents , sll and foois fo ur ele brothes d sisters .
And i can clearly say hat thy are ou friend . We are part of hm and they a part of us .
So we ed to stan ogther .
Television nd her things inented by tecnhology are pat of our lifes .
I thk every family has gt a teevision in n oe d or example I hav 4 televions in mine .
For me televsion has advantages and disadvantags .
It 's important if we want to know ews of our country or world 's nws .
here are a lt of intersing tv programs were we c lern something and there re as intriging television pogras .
Tese are advntages but we can ve also disadvantages from te .
or example we ca becoe addicted to our television .
It is not he bs thing or ur eyeight nd our helth .
In geeral I think our technogy is not the best thing for our helth ad tv a othe similar things r resonable fr our problm with helth and eyesight .
So teleision h positive and negative asets n it 's up to us h to behae with it .
As keep r md good nd heathy we need to spend or some times in sport .
I ke cricket is th bes among al of these spots ricket is a ood id efreshin game
eer ookd at his watch nd ne that he d to do something immediaty .
After aling the abulance , he wited outside hi ar somen who could help o .
I cked up the pone and mposed the number of h girlfriend Lisa .
She is a nurse , but he did n't recive any reply .
He thought tt he mst do soethin or his friend coud de .
Thy had a r ccident , ad fortunately he a n't injury ut hi fried Sam was fintd .
He tried to tp soe cr that passed through the sreet , but it was useess .
The ambulace arriv .
a was visited but beside e scar he had oy so bruises .
He came with him to the hospitl nd at last it was a success story .
I live in the beautiful it of Sen hich is famous for its landspes .
If you co to iena there re a numer of shops you hold visit .
The museum of t uomo is te bs tourist attraction .
Hr am is Adrian ; she is elvn years ld .
S is ro Almazora , a litte town near to Castellón .
She is an only daughtr , so s dos n't have eiher brothers or isters , but h has wo lovel cusins alled Daniel a Mariano .
Her two best friends are aura Goritz d me ( Mara Rodríguez ) , she is a rea frin wih Carlta Pedralba , as well as bet frends she as me enemes .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little it cheeck , in a good way .
S is sometimes mean to people if u r t her friend , but ormaly she is VERY kind .
Adriaa does n't ike sleepig , ha is o of te comon things I have with er .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , he s lots nd lots of special pens , rayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you e she is an artist at drawing .
Sh ss she is n't good at maths , ev tough she liks them .
So ... This is Adriana and so things abt er .
My favourite spot a cycling d swimming .
Swimming is very excited .
Althugh you do n't know ho to swim , yu would lve it .
In Hong Kong , it is very hot in ummer .
Tee re many swimmig pools in ng Kg people ov to swim with their families , fiends or ther chldren .
eopl in Hong Kong love to go cycing in olidays , t .
Se people used to do cycling as eaxing .
Pepe lik cylng alone th rivr .
Ding sport is vr iportant in ur lives . We ed to do more sport to ma us healhy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm goi to visit our hotel rm June,6 to June , 24
But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animl hair .
So ould you pease reserve a room to me where no animals ave lived bfor ?
Bes regards , Aexander Sokolo
ar Greh ,
I ca n't go to a brbecue net Sunday becaue I 'm gong to Sevile with my arents ad I 'm omin bk so le .
I think tt we can meet on Saturday evening at he cafe .
Wa do you think bou it ?
ove ,
lici
The last mistke that I have had to ae been when I changed e telephone comay because since I chaned I have many troubles .
Al copan e the ame , ay lve our prolems .
I hae hd to pt a lam becaue the opany i n't resole .
After a onth I id n't kno en I wi receive my telephone .
All this bgn because e firs telephone that I recived It ws fauty .
h comany had to snd me oter telephone , his telephone turned ou to faulty ls .
Since tt moment all hve been problems .
Now , I have to wait an answer the company .
My faourit spot is handball . I ay it ver day for 4 lss .
I really like it ecuse his is t game in which u onl play of ball .
Ths is really exitin and amzig .
I feel happy when I play it .
In ths gam you must ply with team .
Yu must n't play only bt yu us it tea .
My first match of handal as in 5 class .
I rememmer , because then We o .
On startin I ws rall birin a I want stop plyed .
Byt wen I understand hw many happy give me his gm I was startg more rnning and train .
Training trener saied me th I 'm rall ood .
hi ods d that I w sartin more
blive in yourelf .
If You 'd like to try pay in Handball You mu know that first time is alwys e worst .
Bu Yu must n't
not belive in ourself .
This is my advice r everyn wo ik to play in every game .
before starting alkin out the members of my fmiy ad if they a my best friends or not , I jut want to say that my family is the mst thng I love in my lie , I respect them appreciate te alo , and I tik they r e bes thing in my life .
he most family member I le a hin h is he es fien of mine , my siste , she is elde me about 12 years , I can tell h ny thng abou my fe , my el , my feelins , h also i think if i felt in love she oud be the first to kno that .
abo my rest of faly , as I said before they ar ju a relatives , ut eve if ty are not friends almost , but I do loe them to mc , frst oe is my unt , the dead on , and the other ho stil aliv , but i do n't el that felling of love towds my nce , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no oe .
at last I ana talk bou my cousins , I love h ms of them especill t cousin in the same age , hy r my fiend , i lov t mu , d als the es of my family
I wuld like to inrm abo recorrection of my family nam in he rsult sheet .
I have lready checked my family name with studt service on lat fiday , 20 november .
My family nae is WONGWJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
Could you lase rcorrection of my fami name .
If you have frthr questions , please feel ree to contac me . I old be grteful if ou will let me now as soon as ossibl .
The sport is vy importatnt of or body it hs many enefits to emproe ou eles nd gve us self confedant so we shoul pracice a sort we ove beause it can cane o mind to the bter .
A ut me I like plain volly ball and I enjoy thes sport hn I play it because of being usfl r my body .
Looking for any sport ma y feel good and your brain be always refesh so that you n begin your da it any sport to makin fresh and fer that you cn ma any job with rereshment mnd .
The benfits of any sport make your healthy go so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make our boo peasur rn in l yur bod .
He is an athletic runner that ha ipoed a new global record , nobody eieves in him o media eter i wn father in him .
When he as just about cursg h final line he o hurt and his mussel as dying and ta to peel off a lack mtte , at that oit the gs in suit thought that he wo n't be ae to cross the lin , ut when they saw tt he kept running , ey freeze e time and un aftr hm , he stoed for a moment b th , he start runnng again nd en he oss the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wped o rm the matrix , he oped i es and sa a flying robot , sudely he wa on a wood wheelhair ad they said that he woul nev be able to al again , besides that , he tads up and ried to walk again .
My favourite sor are basketall .
I like tis game very ch .it is a ver useful game .it helps me to eep t .i play basketball ny years ago .i ant to be a very famos baskeall plye .
baketball nds that the person soul be tall enough to la it .i like basketball becaue it makes me happy , fit , have sl_confidnce and makes me ctiv .if aone ant to pa basketball , he should do an exercises d try to be able to play it becuse everything is difficult at first t we soul n't give up .
There as a islnd th ec er in oe moth om a hurricane this island is loatd in a equator then the pople we to is islan currenly but they ca n't went he the hurricane is thre bcause thy can ded in he huricane .
The island s flood bt th island h a lee tha preent a flodng then in ny yr a engeers star constructing a buildng to ha re one then in he city put many advertising in all thng : ball , balloon , movies , et .
The engineers need hel to onstruct the builin , they call to the professinal to aw what is wrong .
hn he profssonal say tat the island h expose whit h ocean .
Tey dd n't ko th the slan ws Atlntis .
Then the enginrs call to other sector to ensure t dot of Atlantis en th professionl say that other ws crrect .
en the engineers say a forast .
Them they drink a fe tha gi thm my energy to constrct faster the uilding , hs cfé h a combination for the peole cn to ie all te nght .
hn he wred all h nih to fnsh th nxt onh .
One mont later
en one elevtr d n't function th they ad a fight to find w was te blame of the elvatr .
hen th tourist wet to this uiding to fd a jobs to g ony .
Then t huricane co and all h ople wa saed because they did n't know at he goin to do .
The peple did n't kow th this a ycle because the engines id n't say of this hurrica .
Then the hurricane was roof of a the island .
But he ngineer gnore tis cicumsance then a helcopte comes to safe the residents .
This helicopter h humid he the helicopter star to rate in all h islad then the helicopter go snking in t war then h huricane finished th enineer tat to dstribut the food and micine .
Then he engineers discover at the eye of e hurricane was widesped of te isld nd hat iand it a hemisphere then in e city qulify to h people at wr in this building .
When I stared to study here in Australia . I have been fun the difference of curriculum in my hm couny .
It is rally crucial fr me to aopt their way of teachin at this time .
In my home outry , when I was in te University it has a litt bit asy or me to folow h eductonal policies .
e learin style is a traditional learning th is usual thing in my country .
In addito , h type of exminaton is more on memorization , that I can use my o langage that help me to undrstand it easier .
" In particular , any international tudents are too teaher dependent on ncritical of material that have ben thought , prone to rol memorization , te misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lak of knowledge of the enres of academic writing " .
In contrast , to my preent learnng , it is precsely crucial .
Th academic styl is mo on critical thiking , it is hardy to oe up , beaus I need to undersan it uig teir language .
lerly , mltple fators hve a majo infunce or the nature of th student population , attening universities and no this hit affects , and is affected by university olicy and practiced r mportant isue .
As an inernational learner , I embraced tse changes in my learnng strategies , primarily because these new learnng strategies of academi tye significant for my future course .
It has challenged me to aat in a Uiversal approach to learning style back in my country .
Julia 's ancdote is n a ac , but a fition .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " tt the author is Brzlian .
The stoy is about fi friends that begin investigae a dru traffic happening inside at chool .
However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discove her is i .
It 's a mystery tory th a moral , bcause for surprise of redr , t director was the ru deaer ht produced h du inside the classes .
Te moral is abut he stuents do n't be naïve an tae care of unscruulous men that sell drg .
Hi Jo !
I herd you will cm to my country .
I am writing to you to give you se advice but work and travel in my country .
In Polen we have a lot of iteresting pace to visit .
Places that you ca visit : mountins , see an laes .
We have a lot of nice od town .
Polen is amazing ad intersting country .
If you ve woring in Polen , the best w is job on holday .
If you ve experiec in ok , you wil be right person o tis job .
Hope yo com soon .
See u !
Love !
XYX
I have a dream to cntine my sud untl Phd .
Hoever , I think that it is not an asy thing to be achied becaus of th limitation abt inforation of cholarshp .
In ddiion , I wok as civil servant ho shul folow the government le .
Actually , I do n't give up nd aays looking for the oportnities .
In my opnion , education is a wa to iprve ur life ulity .
In ter wrds , it can chage our paradigm and mindst also nto better perspectives .
In te brade capacity , it ca ep my natin 's position in t world perspective .
Therefore , I do t tr to erase my ambition .
Everything is posible as long as we hae effort .
trvlling is an essential in everybody 's lif .
Although he number of cr are icresing day by d , howeve most of the eople traveled through the pulc transpot .her limited inom restrict them to bu car .
ls th man drwback of car is the environmental pollution .
Threfore ubli transport has its ow imporanc .
In order to avd the environmental polution , people should u the public transport tt will not only elp to reuce e polutin bt aso h extra expenditure for the peol .
government hold focus or the mprovemnt of public tranport d ust iscourage the individual ca .
Hi Richrd ,
Tank yo for your mony .
I 'm going to uy a DD frm ' Froze ' .
I chose thi movie beause it is my favourite cartoon and I can wat wh my childen .
ke te best care .
rena
Dear eer ,
Thaks fo you leer asking about the wedding .
It 's alay gat to hr from yo and I hope that vrything is going well .
In my coutry the wedngs are elbrated fm Sprin to Atmn .
People wear special dress .
If the weing is in t morning women wear shr dress on the contrary if h weddng is in the afteroon , women wear lng dress .
The foo is varied .
You can have seeral dih sh as fish , meat , seafood a a large cake .
I hope ta 's useu .
By the way , if you ned anytin el , yu now where I am , ad I rlly ma it .
I 'm loking forward to hearing from you .
Be for no ,
Lorena
y for now ,
Lora
Helo Jo .
Good I am going to throw a an .
My advice to travel fr pain is that there are sveal types of transport but the mos economic is the public , most expensive transport can be he tai , fo example .
But , o n trave by lne , it is nt very expensive .
My adce of fidin work , is a it complicate beaus nowadays tere re a lot of people without work .
t you can been lucky ecause h summer is very near and th work increase .
Your ou c find work , since y have th leaed Englih , in a ba , in a hotel , ec .
Well , I wish t best thg u and that you find work .
Good luck
By Did .
I woke up knowing it ws the most important day of my lf .
I expected th day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
In the srinter , he proosd to me in Cooba so I accepted excited .
We a a long loe story .
I m wih my byfrien 5 years ago so I ws sure that it was t os important day of my life .
I wore a eutiful res and I well brushed .
It ws a excite day , l my friens , faml … ere with me .
My oyfried beom in my husband .
He w vey beautiful and he sang a magnifc song for me .
Actually , he is a good usban , and I 'm sure tha he love me so uh .
ear i ,
I 'm writng ts letter to tell yo about my work lt sumer at my loc cnema .
I lie my work tere so mh .
My work was about reserving tickts o te customers .
It seed ik a simple job to me , b it was as a very stressful job at rsh tmes .
In th morning , we had mll grou of people ad the ru tims started in th veing .
I am looking forward to hear from ou bou w d you spend yo suer .
Sincerely ,
Ghad
Hi , My nm is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I av tirteen years old .
I like playing games and read .
I 'm rom Brzil .
My best fred is Jennifer Giordano , s 's Pretty nd Smart .
I will rommend Huang Ji Huang to celebrat or farewell dnner .
Huang Ji Hang is locad in poular ditrict in North Jakrta whih many pepe cal it PI .
This is China - based chain tt is rcently opened .
Thi resaurant s ma ward in hina before it opened in Jaart .
T place of Huang Ji Huang is pretty ig if you compared with the other restaurants in PI .
The lac is provided piate rom an karaoke om in one place .
Besides that the pubi rom is also cla n comfortable , ut I recommend you to choose pivate room to supprt our farewell dnne .
Te waite ho wked re are kind and helpful , ty serve the customers kinly and alws exlain the eu clearly , they are capable make their customer satsfie with te serve .
Huag ji hng specialized in the sew pots menu , which will ke you to eno an atentic Chinese food .
Yu can rdr packages menu that Huang Ji Huan fferd or you can als choose the ingredients th you ant fr yur stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
uang Ji Hug hs 5 kin of auce which ca give ou stw pot become asteful , and one of te is Ma Sauc .
Mala auce is a spicy flaor and it is very uthentic and u wil rarely fin this taste in ather restaurant .
But if y do not ie spicy yu a also try the Honey Sauce .
Ater all the food is very tempted to try a te size portion is bi eough to share with 3 or 4 peopl .
The pce is ceap if ou copre it with h service n taste from te fod .
Hvin farewl dinner er is wot th money .
Every moth Huang Ji ung always make a special ffe from thir cutomr , and for this month Huang Ji Hun wil give 20% dscount r customer wo spd 00 IR above , for a complete inormatij you a chec it on e wesite or call he estaurant .
And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if y decided to hold our dinner her , because hi place is always rowded a we also nee a ivate rom .
I use ll of te things excpt two .
I i n't ve the Internet when I was chi .
Ad alo we could n't choose proramms .
I playd in the sret and wled to shool alone .
I'm thinkig what kind if things wre more dangerous for me?It a so dngeous when my friends and I am in the Tobol iver .
We jmped it te ater and cught cryfish .
When I remembr that moment I am exiting .
I guess verycild want to invstiate he world .
We hae to help them , to show and explain .
Wht kind of risks they c get if to do that .
Nucla energy is on of most important soure to generate enrgy and he fo te peop in the wld .
The countris diurnal attepts to devlo e industry of nuclear to prduc more power .
Tre are ay vews of using the nuclear power .
Sm peole guess the nucear power h a reat vlu to prouc power instead of the fossil els uch as : cols and oil which are Nt reneabl energy .
Moreve , the think tht contollig the pollution is possile .
Whereas .
The serious ide of e nucer powe is the dngerous weapns ta the countries ry to own , threat h pace in the wrld .
These kinds of epons do not kil one or tn but desty a large town completely .
In my opinion uig h nlear per is imortant th the geat deelopment in te humans li.the countries hav to establish this eergy an oter soures to secure te powe for people .
Hi uc ,
Ho a y ?
I am writg to tell o about something hat for sue o will le it .
Yesterday I was surfed e Intene and fnd on an amang sie www.bargainstime.c
It was realy by chance .
I s a olorful op - up ad and I decided to check it .
I was in sck .
There was so may tndy clothes in attractive prices .
Immediaty , I have done shopping tere . I bought a skinny lu jeans ad blac tiht dress .
te material is of good qualit nd the clothes lok e same as on the page .
This is on h big pl bt the wiing tim or delivry is quite og .
I know that o ar looking o a wedding dreses d I saw a o of wodeful tms on ths page .
I thi you will lie it just as me .
I hoe it will hes u .
See o soon ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michl lied in New ok with his grlfiend , A , in their apartment .
He worked a lot , arrived late of his work an neve has te to be wih A .
But they were lovely and they decided tht get married in 2010 .
a everything oranized .
Ann decied ta she 'll exeriment he des of marriage
in her apartment whle Michel was workin .
Thre are a histr ha the man ca n't to see
i oma before h date of weddi .
iche arrved more early in is home this dy , n en h oppe hi home oo , he saw
nn dressed in e weding ess .
Michael cosed the or n knew at ht moment he had mae a mistae .
he fastest optn to go on holday
My favorte wy to ravel is by plane beuse you are qicky in anothe country .
By play y rarely have probems wit your lgage .
By tain you d n't will hav always place r your luggage .
By lne you can gie our luggage at th chek - in or y can take he hnd lugge with yu . yo an be lwys sure that ou will ind a place for your luggage .
Another reason y travel by plane is my favorit is becuse it is mre comfortble to sleep exet o ve a loud person cse to you .
Tat can be annoyand .
I think trae by boat is oe of the bddest ways to travel hen ou are seaick .
Ten ou ms travel by tain or by plan .
BIG FISH ,
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALI IS " TAPAS "
Eating " tapas " is a very pplar way of having a mal in Spa .
If you ae ot ver hungry .
You can eat small pies of different dishes d to ha dinner or lunch inexpensively .
For moe th thirty yar in Nerj has be openend ery d " Big Fish " a traditional rstaurant with a typical ok of the coast of Málaa .
Wit you drink the first portion is on the hous .
If you a between e d three ros o a chooe litle dishe of frh is nd differnt tes of alad .
The portion of prawns is very faus as ocpus saad , hch is kow by eveyone .
Th servie is very organed an fst , alough it might be in hig season you oud no he to wait a long time .
hi estaurant ony has a lttle roblem .
o can t " tapas " at t coter or in small abls near th b .
Te rest of e dininroom is exclusive by eating mel .
iscusions aot geneti manipulation ecoe trog when a specific area is mentond : genetically moified food or GM fod .
For sveral decas the population has ee discussing rgumnts r and gainst GM food .
Improve human nutrition and agricultr conditis ar arguments of thos o a in fvor of anipulaion .
In the first quarter , we can e ht als ro , in the secon uarte , sales went up t in the third qurer , sales were unchanged .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up evr time exce e third quarer tat it ee unchanged .
hs is good , because sales mever ent down .
My favurte sport is fotball , I oe it .
It is t most ppuar sport in the world .
I ejo pa it , prticulrly because it is a competitive sport nd ecause you play th a team and o alone , an this fo me is rally important .
Th ting I like best in football is play it , b I als like watching it , intact I am a fan of t team azo .
Some people think that the footbal is a bad thing because the footballer ae l stpi and the fas are l violent n disrespectful , bt it is n't lie it .
Ok there are sm fans who ar n't god people but te mst mortant associaions of foobll are tyig to sop thy nd to abolish all a things in fotbal .
For ll th peple I dvise to start to lay or watcng fotbll becase for me it is a very go sot , u you can play a good football only if you reall like it , ecaue irs football is n .
As every year the tweny three of April , day of ook , in my school all the sudent of fifth and sixth of priary do short story compeitio and the wine have a gift .
the its usually e a oo ad a ticket for the theme ak in Madrid , d the cildren ho have particiated win a book .
Alwas the diretor of my scol , alled Michael , is who organizes is event for tat e cildren have fu writing his shorts stories .
u this year , Michael is rganizs vey evi bcause he does n't enugh books or al children and a lot of thy h n't gft , so Michel ha closed the dr a kne at that moment he had ade a mistake .
I thik my town really tke care of the environmnt , beause there a a lo of parkｓ in ti town and thee e very clean .
However some people are o re of enironment that man some people throw garage away in the park .
I thik almost everyone loves pks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersis , np tc .
I tin after t somthin at the rk he cean themselves is good .
Ev thouh do not everyone doig that , so how much publc office is ca of environment is important ad ts town is care of that a lo .
Every morig soe peasons are comig park and cleane tt mkes eel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walkin around here I cn see a l of beautiful gardes ad roads are clen so I think man opulaion ae cr of town as well .
Ther re many sorts grounds fr exmple tennis cot , football grouds and play equipme fo child so I tink my tow take re of environment tat makes everyo will be ale to et onditon in oth mind and body ong time .
Espesialy there re a lt of greens hese mes good health .
Hower omeone have to ta care of them .
The town have to do that and I thik in England there are so many greens all round , so a o of pople take care of these tht makes god nvironmen .
After I have been to lv in England with my amiy I ave goto the fee ey mch nded .
ain a gain
Ths ovi is bae quote on quo on a " true tory " buts obiously irector michael a know for the transformers fanchis puts a o of holywod int his movie , ts but a bodybuilde amed dani lug who cides to kidnap a rich uy and make him sn away all of is propries , which obviously its not a reat plan hat bafires on him , and eventualy police t him .
s a great funn moie especially for somene like me who njoy going to h gm n lftng som weights .
Hi uli ,
thank yo f your present .
I love h T - shirt tt u ve me for my birthday .
It is a very beutful T bcause -shirt I like t colour ad e pttrn .
My day in London
I went to London in April .
It w pretty warm .
My famiy n I gt a grt feling as we landed in Lonon .
We sa a lt of sights like the Big Ben , which is th biggest clock in h wld d h Lndon Ee .
To t to t ig en we ok the underground , but to e to the London ye a d bu .
After 3 dy we en me .
I forgot to tell ou smethng about homels eple .
A lot of eople are homeles , which is sad , bu mabe we n change it .
Spor is very imporant or every o .
Od n yug are bnefit fm sports .
My fvourite sport is volleyball .
I like it very mh . I rctise it in the club .
I pl it with my compaion .
It make my ody healty an strong .
hn ou score alot of points , yu will wi t mth .
Gearly sports is growing or mind continously .
I practise it with my fiends .
I ejoy playing it alon or with my freds .
my parents always sppot me to ply what like d
enjoy .
It ae me lose weight easily wthut dig ny fort .
I do n't ind y dificuty in oing it .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Usually I on play basketball in school .
We lay by teams or each one ale .
Of cors we do n't hve 2 million bals for ech student no we sare with ech other .
Als , nt all the school play in one time no eer section ae time to play in .
In chool I always play ih friend never played alone and alway my friends and I wins .
Last time I played whe wo 14 by 5 .
do o no do I enjoy my ort I will tell you h because hn you pla you hve fun and interested .
My advice fo peope who is staring this sprt is to repeat paying until thy g it .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I emember to watching it at hme at the g of tweve and laghin ou lu wit my bothr .
I stil atch it on Satrdys a I really eny it !
My favoutite character is Joe , wh is a sil inocet man .
He live wth Chandler , opposte onia and Rahe 's flt .
It is vry difficult to deny e importance of famiy in our life , definitely families pay an essential ro communty structur .Accordig to the xpers we ca n't create successful society ihout creative families , d one nothe specific part of your lf is a go partners surrouding yo daily activitie .
One of the an advantage of family is the recogniton you have been gien in specific ae , children require special attention to grow up el , and tat can only be given by aily .o ntance , homless children e mr likly to fail in thir education , job nd adapt to siety .
Conseuentl , hey probably fi to experience fo hir live .
Moreover , families te an essential rt in protect ther membrs from ad atmosphere , a it probbl reflect on hei perfomnce twar country .leading to effictive , creative ad useful vilians .
t last film I wchd w " the oders " by it is a hrro / suspense movi , I as raly scared .
It is abot a aily ( te mother and er wo children nichlas nd ne ) , t mothe is azy and thns h children are allergic to the lighi general .
so the dd n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be re than a cade at a tme , it hd to be alwas dark in e house .
Strane tngs happe in e houe , the r " intuders " in th houe , anne saw many time someone alled victor who " play 's "
and t othr thinks she is leig bu after a while she believe e ad stted searching r h inruders .
At te end theitruders turn o to be ghosts ht
s becouse e
fsdjgdofg
ubli transportation
I thi owdays is ore ommo that people e their car for teir rmal acvities , bu he statmnt ht there ir no future for ubic transportation it is not completely true , I thin ta a lot of pple us public transportation because it is cheaper ad some people do n't have engh oney to buy a r .
Another reason is th here in Meco , in some cities yo ca n't use your car in specific ys , so if you do no ave nother car , yo have to s public transportation .
Wel , my college has been prove an organzaton called Enactus .
I 'm a member on it and t oa that improve the psitivit of r scity by settin projects serves many people who ally nes our hel .
So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a god feeling through helpi oter people .
we interned 2 national Copetitions in 2 yars an wn scod place on one of or projects and gaie 2 leags on her oe .
we ade r univeriy prud plus heping people .
N , we ae or 180 mmbes in thi organation an geting inrease .
We ee re of tis organization cross the worl a there is a o of tdents ready for hel n wishing or a chae to make ou sociy a eter place .
Nowadays , Ways of live he beig Changing in may aspects .
oes hy , is asy to believe tha if ting contie wh this rhtm an transforming everything , in a cloer future of 50 years everything is gn na be completely kne nd dfferent .
In e past , people were used to live th insan wihot conernng abot h future .
Lis of verybody were the same and jst om of them thought tha what the er oing in that oment would hve cnsequenes in he futu .
o that , everytin we ind of similar and static for mn yers .
B the industrilization comes and wi that , the techology , so was of lie 's started to change a eveythng str to go faer .
As I od you before bcaus of t technolog man ings a bcome be in lss me , and with e pass of the yeas this tnd to ncrease .
F example , sharing nowledge an experiences allows tat everybody n do or apl thin and develops faster .
Also allows tha researches a be share easl or for exmple you cn ge nformation about envirnmental problems th can affect you as we 'll so o an react faser d mak som chages .
Aother examle of why ves e gon na changed cometely in 50 years is because aso that connectio etwee others cultures make Peop conce mre aot h own healh , the expectations of lif and the wy they want to ie it , because verday will be easier to see hw ch are we heating the ear so we wl see faste the impacts that his brings to o ife .
As a relt we wil be need to change at , to t to fix what we broke and sta to rebuild in order to hv tht futur or health hat we dream of .
Least but no lss , family perception , has bein changed and o tht tme everythig wll be different because wil be t efec of e decsons that women are ming right now about aving kinds .
Te e teding to work as much as en 's , so is ar to have tme for biding a fail or ven som times is ha to , hinking about getting married .
So tht , maybe wold n't be young fore orker in 50 yars and peple will send l their ti an money in their hobbies , sprts , sf ca and traveling .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of uman mdicine , I graduated om it in 2008 ith ve good gra , then I go t Mater 's degre in laboratory medine rm th same unverity ( Ministry of Hiher Education ) in 2013 wt xcellent gad .
hn I retuned to Kwai , to set at home till I ind work or may e a chac to cotinu my higher education ( octorat ) ....
Now I 'm woking in voluntary work , lke translation , editing in Wikipeia & others
hs premition a o hold more tue .
Traveling in public transport cn be cumbesoe and que eventul .
Talk of getting to met straner who ay un out to be hiefs .
That is h i feel traelig by your ow c is the best thig that c happen to one peso .
Yu get te convenience of traveling at your own ce an stoppng when you please .
omone has sugeted puttig warnin on some types of oo a drn .
This suggestion is controversial .
On the one and society become increasingly fat and kind of warings could be useful to remind hem to eat lea .
On e other nd it 's hd to implement ths ide .
T companies h rduce products with harmful igedients are ve migh so that th sggstion is vy hd to enforce .
The exampe on igaette packets sos that warings ike this could be uefl .
th im of this reot is to provide assesset to rlocate he current catee of the campus to a location more accesible for all t stents , henc it ill hopefully prove bot , the profiability of the canteen ad te reevant ole it play r l the tdents in he camps .
ne ay , a man called Jonas a standing in front of a mountan whn he saw a big bird of prey .
He was worried ta t bd charg him , so the m seeks refuge and goe in a vern .
uddenly he understands hat he has hed a noi so he decie to stay in t cavr away fm dnger .
It 's h day after and Jnas has put up all night in the cavern and at old .
At dwn he man gos out fro e avrn a look at the sky to se if ter as the bir of prey .
Jnas does n't e the brd ad think tha t predatory ha go away , during the niht .
So he decides to e home .
Wle the a w climbing the mountain , h bird eked at Jonas h , worried , d n't now ht to do .
He decidd to ae the peknif that he had in his bag , a he is successful in kill he id of prey .
After two ong day onas g ome safe nd sound an tell everything about his experiene .
As a of us know that today 's genratin prefers everythg to be their own .
An in the process of onng we he moving so ead th a d wl be there wh we wl strongly clim that pubic transpor does not he any fure .
It will automatically dimnih it preence .
As our country is developing here il days were ach and every individual wl be sef reliant a woud definitely pfer having tei own vehicle to omute fom ne ditane to the other .
In 199 they 're som colege iends went to deer in heir Holly , hey ae a camping to get a u .
But in some day tow guise wi quad bi and they s som thing wrong th sd what 's that , they sow de body , ey skared an rn to th am .
other finds ll poe .
Polles came wt i inestigaion .
h investgation accuse em d investiate pion .
after t days poleas so sm boody in crime sen he pols man sk the ht did y do hea ? he a srd and puzz ov .
hey cache th .
atr tw days he w onfss .
te ols an whs sham eo the gus a he was apolgize .
teleision serv e multpurpos of entertaiing and ducting peple.in ordr to cope up th competitig world n get recognized in th corperative world n must strive hard , which in tun increases their stres evels .
Televiio has bcme ne of t mas to reduce h sress leels.bsides providing entertainment televiso a also beco a sorc of information .
ear ir or Mam ,
I appl to your Univrsiy and I am still waiting for an answr .
Aso , I am do t gt an intitation to an interview yet .
he problem is hat I am frm Poland a I culd be in reat Brian om 22 to 25 Februry .
I am srry if I do not understood in yor prevous e - mai .
I am waitn for yu nswr .
Yours incerly
ell I 'm Sebastia Vega a I 'm studying eneerig sustainable development .
n of the things tha I fel stressed are the finals exams , bcause I ve to study f all the classes nd someime I am vr confused wh my notes .
To be honest I take e finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting f me a I hink I lea a lt if I have pressure nd he most of t tmes I hae good grae .
Soetimes I trst a lot and I have a a raes so I feel epressed .
Nodays h pblc transporte is n't harly necessary o or life .
Howeer , a lot cities have a problem about trafic , cause of thi trouble ta ciizen do n't us publc tanspote such as utobus , ax , or even meto .
Consequetly , gorvernment start to support d tae care of he public transporte .
Moreover it 's not nly trffic 's problem b also b condition .
Muc txic nd exaust flow to ir .
w can we ecover the pubilc transporte .
People are unpleasant because all of them have bad uality , so government ought to update w technology hih roects h environment .
Now , the car price is er ow 's cot so it ery ey to buy a ar .
he recey years before , a family had only n c but tday we he a a f ourselves .
Restaurant reviw
Th retaurnt is ecellen !
It 's nt very exenive n her ar lots of choices on te mn .
Waiters are lways smiing nd ty a very nice .
Te wr black and whie clothing lik e decoration of the etablissment .
It is locaed in the city centre net to a g foutain .
They ope from 11 am to 14 pm ad om 8 pm to 10 pm .
And for spring nd summer they open a beautiful a large terrace .
h atmosphere is ver frindly .
The food is excellent an coios .
The baking of h ma is excellent .
The wait is not long , only a w minutes .
This rstaurnt ould be th best for our cas .
e best place for young people in our ara is withut dut the ounryside wh the lake .
Hre they ca do man kind of sport : swimmn , salin , surfing , kiting , rowing an man other .
At least thy can meet oher folks n rlax , have a sunbathe ad listn to he music .
In he sumer around th ae ae so many concers so you he e difiulty indig te rght n .
Luckily he scouls are closed per e eeks , so th youg irl nd boys hae much time to spen the
leisure ie togethr .
in modern da there is very ittl blic transotr are sd , ganeral pbli refer much faster and conveninece ways of taveling around.thug the puli transport e used in mager cys to avoied traffc conjsion , it is wlidl reconizge that blic transpot a eco iendly .
puic transport is used by mny eple around the word , includng me .
Soe public transports as trains do no contaminate as cas or moorbies .
May people aid tt public trasport is nt confortable , that s te , fo my int of view bus is not so unconfortle .
Many eopl like going by car , b it pollue a ot more than goi by pubic transr.public transport is chape than buying a car or motorbike , it als contamiate ls than these .
Pblic tranport is also sed by childens like me who wat to go to shoo , high chool or to he univerity .
Finally , I think public transport has a ry good fuue , because it has very good advantages t so oe little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull fo some eople .
In my opinin public transport souldn't dissapear .
I like to snd time cute litte kis and cooking is my favourite hobby .
In t venng I woud like to spen some tie with hoe kids by organising some idor and outdoo game fr hem .
I oul fel mor nertic thruhout te day If I hve sme busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across you advertisement For ti job and I rally think tat I ould suit thi job in every apet because I ae a riendly move with people in and aound me . I would be pleased to know fo yur positve reply .
My wn tries to tke are of the envronmnt u sometimes it is o possile .
me pepl do n't have any conscience of he ed of good environment .
either ey do n't sem to tak care naue and a around it .
F intance , My town have a lo of mountains with ig forests , tall tes and mn type of animls or plants .
owever , tht is n't protected by govermen d its institions .
Local Paliment hve't regulat principles or rules of the environment , then osystems have bee dstroed , ivrs are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my on .
Bsides , my town 's institutins hve alowed that some forein entrpises or corporations culd to ae our w rources without demand that thy be careful ith envionment .
This is clearly a smptm of o iside my town do n't care an lment of th envirnment .
Nevertheless , in t ast dcade som neighborhoods hae taken conscience on heir cotxt .
In tis way , we ca to e inside them that thi pplation have so uch control and te know tha affect te .
Goo managemnt of he rubbish is a ne inclination in may neighborhood of my town .
Recycle plastic , aer , cardbard tc , by poblation of te most important neighborhoods of my tow is a wy to improve the eviroment .
My favourit sport is bo because it 's the nl port ht a relx me .
In my opinion this sprt teache to mtur beaus in ddition to set up the person phsicall , it instruct the mind .
I begin this sport for 2 years ag .
My brother was win so uch igh and when i saw him proud i want to t that .
I do n't know what i cn tell .
Thank you godbye .
Must people prefer large ollegs or an small colleges r mn advntages .
irt , te majrs ofer numerous nd diverse .
It has a l of fault members .
It ies te sudets e feedm to choose his mjo an the teachers .
In addition , it a a ot of facilitie that srve tudent lke kinderarte that tkes care of chilren these employees , university housing , osptal the student of medcine can be applicaton in it and it serves h people to , and a big library has ny books in rious lngages .
esides that it aailability soe services like tranporting for student n faculty , me restaurants , and mii mart .
In addition , the location of are colle is clear a h center at the ty , so ha easily accessible .
In the end , age collegs admi laest umbr of students , so the tdent may do establishing friendships more fm different nationalitie , al it serves he community by graduating many students in varius majors .
nce upon a time her was a boy his name is Michael .
He a a very beautful brown hair , een eyes , and perfct mle .
Michael loves to play footal al the time .
Smeday he wke up erly at h morning he go ut for playing football before scol , when he 's playing he aw something running very fst and go wy .
He 's ack hom for getting ready fr school hn he 's r to forge what he saw , but he ca n't .
after scol he did n't go to his hom directly to cck if what he saw at the morning ws real or not , but he did n't id anything .
Next day he woke up early t no to la football bt to take a look if this strnger will come back ti orning . and he sa it again .
he jm fro his ed to te tret nd walk to his w to ee hat he did every oring.when he walk afer h stranger man he notc that he stopped in ever trash in e street to take a look and go to te nex one , and guess what he s Michael n u aay also Michael was afri .
The stnger w looing for a food in e street to te it to his family .
Hi Michael ,
I jt got ack rom a scool ti to London .
It was vry cool .
we vsited the owr of Lond , Buckingham Palace ad the w museum .
I liked th mos in a x mueum .
He puts tem on Mrie Tussaud in 135 .
There are statues of famous eole from different walks of lie mde of wa . we u were lst on a chool trip ? wee it was d what you ave ee ?
Helo Joh
Thank you f showing inters in being a ar of our company .
T rganiation has reached its current position , because of eopl like u .
We would ke to gie six onth ie to cle up your skills .
We e loing oward to see your participaton in e Ognisation after six onts .
My favorite spor is basketball .
I like it very uc .
Amot ach weeend , I 'll go to the lyground to play basetbll wit my casmates .
And that 's my happest time .
Further more , I watch TV of NBA matches each ay .
I am uit itersted with how th sars e gog on .
Insufficient ESP teachin sill made teachers pul ack to general Englis .
This becoms the concern of the employers since it may imact on t students ' learning otcomes .
This shoud lo become h ED UMM commitmet .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
The plot of tis flm is about a 25 naive woan that was lvig d studying in Twan and n nght nt t for clubbing nd met a nute guy that nolved her in a sey drug smuggling isu wth a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a le rug .
A new subtance , caled CPH4 , bound to be distributed aoun Eroe d t Unted States by whc plent bag a et into her stomach having an illegal clincal sugry .
But everything became ou of control for the criminals wn o of hr captor kcked on hr admen , the substac spilles throgh her body n he bgin to experience a different stte of consciousness in which he dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almst 100% of his cpacity .
During this time h ontacs Samuel rma , D Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a erso eache the 00% of h enal activiy or IQ .
She 'll en up knowing te aswr .
It is a gripping il , starng by carlett Johano and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , tt wi yo keep tns unl the lat cene a does n't eave u feel nasible .
Nowadays people are ung w car instead of pbic transport , this effect is more obvious in i citi where te price of publ tanspor cost more than small cities .
Pople a getting used to dve with their own ar , it provides more confortability , ad is ore pratical .
You can ue it whenever o wn , nd it 's o necessary ake a long queues at metro or bus stations .
he government a oppoin to invest in public infraesructures , bease he beneits are lower evey year .
Ty are preferring to inst in publc roads and motorways .
The impact of this fct as a hge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre t global pollutin wil increase accoring to the lvel of he cars .
Te travelling by car it 's ry ba .
With he public ransport we protected te environmet .
The pollutes it 's a global pobem .
If we will travl by car hve more pollte tt with pubi transpot .
Oherise , the public transport pollutes less tha th car but the ca it 's very comfortable an no be hou hrd .
With th ar I fee more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the ste .
I eliev that in he futu all transpot wil be with the ubli transport or les with massive tranport .
The aual system is not posibl stand lo time .
Recently I s the trailer of the ilm about vampire .
h film is lled ' The Vampre Diaries ' .
It is about o n and on woman .
The girl is 18 years old ad men ( as it lar turs out ) are vampes and they have er 0 ears .
O of vampires ecdes to return to hh schol .
There he meets a il .
He fls in le in her .
They are togeter .
Ten there is e older brother of the boy ( vmpir ) and also fas in love in her .
Al the action takes place in ystc Fall .
This trailer I like and I think that the film would be co .
Pet ooke at hi watch an nw that he had to do something immeiately .
He had to u a present o his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sundy ad all stoes were cosed so he h to oud a solion .
A few our , he w walki by a gare , and suddenly , he aw te mos beauiful lwers tat he hs eve seen , so he picked them up .
Howeer , flowers wer n't enough so he eided to thi in anythg el .
Several hour ater , he foun an open sweet shop a he bught som bonbons fr hr .
inally , he had found the present an before the end of t y he ran quickly to his grfriend 's hos .
If you do n't wa to pass this situation , you must always do ting with tm .
In my thuths , i have the opinion t pubic transport is etter to the enviroment because going in th pbli transport reduce the C2 emission nd ake out traffc rom te streets .
Reducing the rush hours in t main hours case a C2 reuction in the air .
it is a rue statement but cars , traelling by cr is so much moe connient and th w tenologies apply to the
People should take ess fast oo and do regular exerises fr antaining a hgealthy ie .
eople tend to pick t unk fds as they do not get enough time o coking at home .
Many of us do not get nouh time in th moring , to prare our lnc or the offie .
Easy availbility is so tempting us for fast ood .
Univerity euation is od for h students but they also need to len industry specfic skills .
Students , for eampl learn my theories , which may o be requid at their lace of work .
New skils like analytics and ata management ar in dean .
In my opinion , what is excted is a ne role or techers but not tei disappearance frm classrooms .
At uiversty leel , availability of IT training , software an manuals prvid an evr accessile source of information , that otherwise wou ot be at hand .
Fo example , India hs hg re of unemployment , hner , poverty which leads to an immens embrassment of bng Indian .
Nwaday interne represnts the whe knowedge that peple have colected over h centures .
So it provdes a ot of interesting information , o of which ae abut how works different ahines ht a be ound at ww.howsuffwoks.co .
Also ' internet ' in ur days helps to gt information all over e wld , ad if you wih to et involved the go to he ww.b.co.uk.These ies re free way to find most adequate ifrmation about actual evnt both in socit ad technical lf .
One d i decide o b ew par .
hn i w arrvd at hoe , i w started to rea e ews paper , so i found from hee The Intenational Student Maazine have to ranize a sor story copetition , and I ecde to cal Mihae to tell hm abut thi contst .
Mihal a told me he wa knew abot ti cotet and at tt mment he wat to call me to ask , if I am able to came with him at ht contest .
After I decided to go ith i at the contet , I was thinking to go at tat const et yar to participate and win that contest , so this year I w wondering h is the program .
When we were arived here , t emotions starte to ppar so defintel it was ti to drnk a ot coffee , befoe the contest is sared .
I a woderng if Michae pss tat exam .
I s waiting for Mihae less en an hour , so I tared to have a lot of emotions .
After Michael was open the dor fr th classroom , I ws sw in s eye soething stran .
Michael close the dor and knew at tha moment he had ad a mistake .
The orbell rang .
When I opne the dr imagine my surprised by wa I a .
It was awesome !
O Drection a in fot of my do !
I could n't believe in my eyes ...
It was werd that Niall wa missing .
Thn , I asked them why he was n't ih te an the told me : " We are on o to in Aeria nd were singin at our conert in Ne Yk City .
When we came back in our dessng oom , " Golem " waited fr us .
" Glm " as we ll know , ae aical cretures , mad fom md a havig black ocs for h eyes , which n be brought to if by a incantation .
So , we were trying to save time til we managed to escape , but Niall id n't make it to escape , as they cauht im en he sumbed and fe own .
Now , " lem " hol m hostage in their cave , whih is hidden somewhere in Los Angls . "
I looked at them tring to think of smethig to do ad hen I said : " Come on boys , WE e goi to SAE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We took al we needed and tated th sarhing for ial ... We wet in l aes in Ls ngles , ut we cold n't found tm .
Oe nht , which we were leping in our car , by mistake the cr sarte to ove and we oke up in a hue cave , out of Ls Anles .
I cod n't belve in my eyes , we ond Nal .
Then , we ot t of our car n save Niall , fer we ere fhting it " Golem " and came back home .
Recently , an incresing numer of eopl try to tvel by ca fr convenient .
In my opinin , puli transot will sll est in the society .
There are tree an reaons f spportng my dea .
Firsy , r e lo - ditanc , the car is ot as convenient as aiprt .
or example , if o go to anoter city by cr , you y spent more than two day on te wy .
On the cotrary , airprt jst co our tw hours , and ou ca go to your destinain .
The time spending of taking airport is low than takng car .
Secondly , consuming car is not a ormal tig for part of developing or undeveloped cutry .
h fe of buying car ad ful l is expensive or oor people .
Thus , it is important to s public transport becaus it is ch chepr hn private car , an everyone can consume .
Trdly , h global warming is a serius issue for human o lie in t arth .
A polution is the main causes o global rming .
The great numbe of using prvate car leads to higher level of i pollution , an th pubic transport is one of he best solutions fo decreasg the air pollution .
To m up , there ae numerous benefits to use public transport , ad it wil t disappear .
Nowadays pulic transportation is inlued alost a around the planet , We can dmit that te transport reolution a be plave in the st century but due to th globaliaion d technological development , the ransort sector is alay in a continuos transformation :
In th her hd we ut remarque how the ane ecor has en grown , curenty is t mo comon ay of transport for going away n tha 's lo means th the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in ore to e th plane mart blomm .
Taling about lcal transprt , we have a t of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train ut ls as we were taking aout , planes .
According to the nforation dnne , the mot used is the ar thus mt of te families has one , b the public transportation is getting more and ore como for ose ones who wan to preserv the plane and develop other alternatives more respectful with the plnet .
As we were tlkng , the ew ecologic moemen is ery me moe poerful nd charismatic , due to that , bikes are aso increasing their rl in he nw ae , there are ls linked to the new fashion w to be hipster .
In conclusion , we are assising to a new tend in transor , ery time , they ar faster d more evloper , wi h latest tchnoogy included u at he oppossite ae , we find alo a cotradiction , as we fod an other trend for the tradctional trasport which avid the pollution in order to respct th Eart
I agee tat communiting by car is easier and fatr than ot of h public transportaion ; howeer , her are seious problems come after it ; t amount of hicles on he roads kep ncrase and mak congestion n pollution hih re fa more severe than h inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Ths , I hik th future f pubic transpotation will be more proferous .
Dear Jo
Many hans f ou message ,
when yu can , you call me .
Then if y want we ould go to the restaurant of the ciy
later if you wat we cold fiand a job for thre mths , in my opinion a good job for thee mnth I oud be the waie because the waier get muc moy in the thee months of the sumr .
also I believe that a good job col be lifeguard , because in summer the peole go to the beach a they ne lfeguad .
If I we you I wol coose lifeguard bcause t lifguard ear uch money ta t aitrs .
If you ant we cld go to the capial ty of my ounty , we will go by te cr because the car is cheaper than e bu or ain , we ould a in e famous restaurant of te city or we uld go to the inema also if you want I cod visit te medial wll .
I am lokig forward to see ou
best ishs
toni
Mobil phones are mo imprtant hin in our dai lies the ost effective method for instataneous cmmunication .
oever the extense e of mobils ceate lot of prblems .
This eay ealuates whether it demeit outweigh its merits .
To begin wit n a days peopl a addicd to mobiles.for examle youg pepe sting their valuabl im in mobiles .
Moreover teir concentratio is redued .
Another serius problem is people are creatg relatinhips wi an unknw peson and cn leads to severa isus icluding crimes .
To sum up let eople aware about h drawback of phones n use it wiely .
Uncertain fure f Public Transor
Public transport is generally is he tansport system provid by government o the general people .
Thes transpt includes bus , trains & boats etc .
eole of a classes c use this .
hs fality helps the general people in avin thei oney becse uully these transport r the es ctly .
My favourite in of ort is horse riing .
Th frst time wh I ide on the horse I was 14 and ince ht tm I enjo it vey mh .
hn I id on the horse I el myself much bttr ad forget all of my problems .
idig t hre give me a state of freedom .
I think ta the horse is a kd and clever anmal .
If o wa to tar to ride on a hse , the min thing that o shoul know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
Te feel your fear .
Alcoholism is a dease that affecs man pople in te world today .
I think that is an important illnes beause it ffecs h famil of alcoholc people .
Moeover , the alcoholics should go to the docto in orde to gtting wll .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a seriou problem for al th socit .
I 'm a big fan of scince fiction movies , howeve thi id of moies is acualy sotimes a little d , bu in the last wks a new one s been released , and I wa absolutely surprise about this one .
Interstellar is a ew Christopher Nolan 's movi which icludes t participation of some Hllywod 's strs such as Matthew McCnaugey , Ann Hathaway an Mat Damon .
publ transport as a b ol in ransportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , sig h ca som times causs trffi m if l pern uses their own car , to avoid ths a good roadways is needed , ls e ct of public transportation is loe than pivate tranportation .
on the other hand , public transportatio kes more time to get to h reuired sation , becaue already public transport takin ong path to go acrs more places and as more as peopls tae beefis fo it , a public ransport usually rowed and do not be on tme .
for that easo usin n car is ore comfortable than public transport , you can trvl when ever o ike and whee ever yu want .
finally , in the ne future most peoples will be uing eir own car , because it saves mu ime as coparing ih public tansport n time faor will be more expenie in the future .
On school days , I e up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighburood in 15 mnutes .
The I ake a shwer , ae breakfast with my family members .
Everyone is in a hurr .
I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bs .
Afer schol , I ke running on a track fie to be an thlete on a school spots team .
In the aiy season , it is bring to do rehearsas as nobody is on h feld .
I me bc home on h unset .
Somties , I am exhausted d to a hard orkot .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to prepare my hoework for tomorrow 's school .
My favourite a it is Saturay because I do not ee work or stud , so I can go ut ith my friends and on unday I c wake up er late
write soon ,
Dgo
my faorite sport is basketball .
it is amazing sport .
en i jump to how the ball in te baset , i el hat i am flying .
whn i ran with the bal , i el hat i hold a goal or a vluabe smethng n i should offe my bes to pu it in his ace an make it in rght way .
i know that i am not profesional player and i am n't beog to y team but i like this me .bastball is so smple play u it is need Speed , concentration and Te aility to determine the distances , it contain of o team of five plyer and ech tea tr to et a hh poi by throwng the bal throu h baskt .
What I li mst in ths ame is that T fwst numbe of player can ply it en two lyer , i rommend everyone to exert it especially with thi frend or families ,
In this epioe of my life I wil to talk you about my daiy routine .
I wk up eal le 7 am , at hs moment go ut to the backyard to turn on the boiler , hen go to kitchen
Noadays , people live in very oden d fat society d try to ha as convenient life as it is possible .
On of the many possibilitis , how do ur livs oe convenient is to use cars rthe than pulic transport .
Firstly , I like to entioed pulic ransort 's yes .
The mot common r s nd train , but in the cties pepl ca use tram , subway or boat and for the ng disane hy can take a flight .
From my oint of iew , te man transport disadvantages , which caused ur lives discomfort ar me and lace limitation , sharing the spce ith others , la of fre seat .
On e ther ad , pope shold tin of h environment , ollutin , goal warming , which all are currently warning .
We should ink of o better future and ry to behave environmentally fiendly - try to avoid h hge olution , which is by rs caused and do n't ink only to o comfort .
In my birthday 's day , I directe go to scool hi morning . I wonder whethr my birthday assed it at unh ti .
At ths point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I et to dinner n wnt to sing .
To e K , they tuche to me becaue ther are a lot of ople hd planned a brthda celebrte to me tgeter .
After finish to te ome , ue to I s so tired ta I el asleep and el on .
Th next day , I was reluctanted to rise and cls .
uddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in he class , the students sai he / he did n't tke , but I doub he , so we quarrel .
I am me from school , only to foun a gi on the sa .
Ioffer an apoloy out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't g angry fr me .
It is esy to ma boiled eg .
Tere ae ur steps to bil an g n me tis to ak it delicious .
Her u are the rcipe : First , bring some maerias lke : a n , water , e or more ggs , and sur a stoe .
Second , pur the ho wate ad eg into the pan .
Third , lt em boil on t stove fr n minutes .
Fourth , ta the egs out and t tem col r about fiv minutes .
Finally , to mae it delicious there are some tps : if you ie , you cn u a littl alt ad epper on it .
Tht is ho to il an g .
Hi Peer !
eronally , I agree with your parents .
I think you sould save money for te fuure , ecuse u y have to bu somehng importantwith your own mony .
In my opinion , ere re more important things than comter gaes , so spending money or tem it 's like wastin mone .
In te future u 'll ha to sen a o of money for the university , t new om and so on , and I think you shul start saving oney . I should do it o but it 's nt simple , actuly .
Eveything seems so beatiful in the shops !
Siva .
Actually , hee I liv the public transport is hihy used , It sem tt in the near uture ty wo n't isappar .
In fa in som countres overdevelped ma wl extinguish becau I uppose travelling by c is muc heaper n astr .
u , that futur is ery far fr our atual situton .
Cllcting book is my avourite astme .
I strted my hbby when I as a hd .
Th frt tm in my collection is ABC book .
Ad now , I have a lot of bok of all kinds : bology , chemistry , nove , dctionry , tc .
Now I have abou 10 nd more in futur , I hope tt .
Wheneve I fn an interesting bo I b it immedatly .
Sometes , my amil n my frids giv me oo such gifts .
I classif hm into different ctegories : manual , cokbok , biography , etc .
It take all my spare time to lean and dust .
It keps me amused f hrs , t .
This is the first ext I wul lie to write on ths website . I thin ts is a god id to contribute to English language resarch and improve my skill at he me im .
As this is my first te , I would like to find ut how exactly doe the syste work , so I chose to wit this random text rather ta tose serious topics avaiale .
Public transport is more cnvenien hn cas , many ay.when we use public trnspot that enefits many way .
Mainaing ca are expensive .
Public transort o do not ned to worry bout y petro filling , chckig tr presues , geting tired aftr driving long journe .
In future cutting down publc transport affects many of the pple .
Elderly pele wo nt le to drive alwys depeds on puli transport .
If public transport stop services people who re no ae to dre will affect a lo .
Traveling by r is convenient bu there ar s advantage as wll .
As our population growing fast in a faiy bt husband an wfe wrkin and children at university abl to drie , so yo are looig per house last 3 cs , so imagne hw busy or roads il be .
As now fuel price comi dwn that does not mean th it wil sa like that o ever , prc go up ad don .
In sumry public transport is important for our comunity and pple has to raise their concerns regarding th .
Stopping public transport ot going to gn nything rather than mpact will be unpredctale .
Due to icrased traffic may cause deas in arranged journes , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
I thin prt is a good exercise for need to xrcise peopl , I have a suggestion that want to ae od health , choose a iterst por and try to play it , e it be a regula thng , it 's wi be fn a helh your phsial constitution .
It was 8:00 o'clock in e moning .
Mihal just h ralized that he dd n't hear te alarm clock so he e in panic imediatel : - I ca n't arrive at at wok .
He thought .
He jumpe ut of bed and ha quick shower , thee ws no time r breakfat consequnty he decided to u aomething to eat near the ofce .
After t shower he brn his suit , but he had forgoten tht he d n't do the iron last y , moreover he hsn't t any other ioed one so he did it quicky .
In pt of that he w essed up on time .
-Everyhing is in order , it eems tt finally I 'll arrive on time .
Although it was n't , he hd frgotte to unplug the ion .
Mchal closed h door and he knew at tat mment he had made a msake .
Does basketbal ve h fame tht is eserves ?
Nowadays basketball is the sport which rules in the A .
90% of the Amrican wants to be a basketball str , with the ram of playing with Lebro ames , a Gsol , Marc Gasol ...
According to the esults of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)an st of em , ply basketall to forget th homework , problems and to relax in their fre ie .
Also they thk hat the man reson r ter preference instead of other sport which is more intense .
owever the think that basketball is onl a reason to et a th family , freds ...
Furthermore , thy ve advice to those l novic on basktbal " do n't evr ls t passion " if because thy give up , they wo nt lay with t biget playrs of the wolrd .
In concusin , the eal objctive of h questionnar onsis on what the people think abt the ig port of United tates of merica .
I 've ben start jogging for fi year .
It is te way I n unwind ecause my sudy it 's stresful .
It gives me a sese of achievement , or ese reasons I woul lik to do eery d .
I lo jogging bcause it 's a way to say outdor mmered in nature .
I tik ter ae no negative sd in dong jggng .
I ve bee realy on skiing since I s a baby .
My mthr me me sart .
Sic then evey ear i go in noh Italy to practice .
I ll relaxd staying alon ar montins a sno .
Hello Oskar !
Is a good rstaurat in my town nd I thik yo wl like it .
It is caled ' The Rose ' n it is at he city centre in front of te station .
ou il e it hen ou leave the tran .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice mu .
The eals re English kitchen and wh sme of European plats t .
hn I ent there te lat , it ws in my birthday and I et ere with my fmly .
I am lie h people w serves there and h decoration is pretty .
They cook good meal .
You mut ry !
If y go here , tell me what do you think .
I am sure you hae a un time .
Greetings ,
Bob
public transport as advantage an disadvanages.i will str ith disadvantages .
first public tansport is neither comfort nr sa .
pubic ransort is er crowded so you may not have a seat .I ate public tansport as I was attacked by mad n oc .ao taxi is t a good transport .I ish I have my wn ca soo to e rid of ublic transport . trelling with your cr make it ease and etter .
The avantges ma include that it has a w ice and may rescue you if your car is o work .
I am writing egar that or service of outsourcing ecase I am crrenly havi a problem with my accoune fr his reason I am looking f a ne service tht can help me .
Can o s o , if yu have ti srvice ?
If you n hv this rvice may you ae the people hat I am ooking .
I appreiate it could arrange an appointment wth y to meet your servic .
lease , feel free to contact me if yo have ny qustins .
Best regards .
Rodrigo Anrade S.
I 'm a really sporive person I ove to different sports I thin that it 's omthing tht is great for you bo d your metaboism , Did o kow tat do exerise can rdce deressin and increase the quality of your lif ?
I hin one of my favorites spts of ll is the atletism I lov it becaus it is a spr were you prove yourself , you have to be every ay btter tan ou hre esterday , it force ou to imrove every me , alo is an exercise that he all your bod , especially th legs because it gives them great stength , bu also your hnd beause they have to be in a constant movement , and all e body in eeral because yo run ad your metbolism is accommodate an hlp ou to have coordnatio .
I enjoy running a lot because it rel me , I e ou all my worris an fustrations , so it make me happy .
I recommended a te pele who ants to n tt if you do n't feel like u 're improving anyway ke going a hi the time yo will s rsuls .
I am not sure that mne is the best famly in h world but I am petty sure ta I have th bst parents I could never wish or .
The is my mothr , my ther , my tw brother and me .
I am e biggest of the children , than after me is my boter Sidi .
Si has 24 ears l ad at least is Joni , h has only 15 years ol .
Genrally I iss he all becaue I live in a distant cty ay from whee my family ies nw .
I use to live with them f 25 ars a Gena but las ea I left home because I foun a ob in ila , ich is te ci where I actuly li now .
Thak ou for your attention .
Ti is an intruction for hw to ma bank notes .
The first two step is to esin with background colo awork n seurity issues an prepare etal late with skilled machists .
Then there e some reqiments o priting hets : color on both sides , special n and images slightly raised .
h most esntial a key prcss is maual insetions for pinted sheets wit thre catgories : oo quality sheets , patially amage sheet and ba sheets .
The qualifid and it amged sverely shetes are suppoed to be pacgd a distribued , wch wll be t io separate ank notes , paked and then dispthed .
On conray , other failed sheetes will be dsposl and destroyed with bnd notes in a secure w .
Once upon a time a boy was six years ld .
H am w Mihael .
Michael ived in a bg ouse in Denton , exas .
He ad a lo of animals : Two dos an three pupps , fr horses , ith ducks nd oe cat , Lionel .
Lioe was a lck nd hie ca , nd it ws a very funn , st and sweet minal .
It a te prefer of Michael .
Lionel was the best fren of Michael .
When Lionel was around Michael , the o was happy .
One dy , Michael ot up le , d he hd goig to school at seven o'clock .
It wa ix o'clock ad he had hury if he would not wnt to get to school late .
Miche ad reakfast and he forot to prepre ik for Lionel .
Mchel was out al a , and Lionel has not anything for eatn ....
Michel closed the doo and knew at th moment he ha made a mitak .
When I as a little gl I ued to la volleyboll d I really liked hat .
One ay I ad a urprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gy in a tea .
I tarted to hik that was born for that sport .
I worked o ad , but enjoe pling ally .
Sundlly happand snethig , I eed to work to pay my studuies in h High school , so the life chages anyway , I neee to stp my favoite srt , bcuse I sould need to stu in that moment it s re important for me .
Toa I do not pa volleyboll anymre , but I relly enjoy dancing , now I c s that it is my favourite , it is l of .
The lie grap shows the U.S. igarete pric in dollar elated to cigarette consumption in illions of pks from 1970 to 206 .
Th hugest gab is in 191 here is te chepst price combied to te hiest expaniture of cigaete acks in te whl interval .
Roughly in 1998 we an notice an equibrium price at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quatit at 23 billions of pcks .
Laer bot lnes changd her regla trends so the are an hue imbalance gan .
My English is great lvel n spaking is my avouite art of learin English .
aptai at sports is what I i in hig schl .
I am very pleased to help organise sports ativitis .
World is poressing rapidly , day by da there is a new ways of transportation , there is a ew technology .
From the beginning of e world ti n , uma wat t fast ncoe nd th easy ways of live , so he ties more a more to find a soution f i problems by creating a new ways of liveing ore easy nd more convenient for him .
So th , transportatin was n of the os iportant issues ced human , because it is related to te interactio between peole lke trading and may other purposes .
From ts point ery human hae the ability to buy a c and alo y h rest he wil o hesiae to do it .
It is claid thatu ves will improe in th ne fifty ears .
Bu we do n't if this change would be good or ad , I hope that wil be good but t 's talk about it .
Fistly , i 'd lke to talk about employments , i think that these are the mot important thing to orr abt , if ur studies get better , we will create more employments d as a result he conoical situatio of the country il be bete .
Morever , u capacity fosr learning more lenguages eem to be really dequte unfouruntelly while thre are a lot of teeages th are etting prepre realy hr , there are others tat are al the opposi .
I tink it is prable tat in some years he tecnloy could ve mprve qut a lote , an this is a very powerful advange for us , he youn peple .
Beacuse we were bornd in ' the ternet generation ' as everone sas , so this aspect might be helpful fr us .
In conclution , i 've t to sad that now we do n't ha to wrry abot te fuure we ust hve to carry on in present and do it te bete we c .
Hi Alex!h How ar o ? I heard tat you wt u with Mie !
It 's a fantastic e !
Anwy , I was gssing if you at to go to e cinema wih me to see the nw Leonardo icapri 's movie eause I heard that action ovies ar your favourtes .
My faourite kind of vie is horror , actually my favourite ovi is " The orphan " .
It alk bot a lite gr who wnt adopted bu she is 35 year old in realt .
It is very creepy !
nyay , I hope tt yu come with me to the cinema .
See you son .
y
Nowady the public transport system are running out of passengers e to heavy ue of prsona trnsprt sch as rs a bikes.in early 1990 he public tanspot systems were most popular tras port syem across th wrl because , most of the peples had ot their own vehicle . but in late 19 os of t peope ee ab to buy their wn vehile due to any financial initute wch a various lo fcilities .
tday many eopl se hei o veicl for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is ey and convenient way to travel to the ob an any ther personal work . threfoe , it n be see te emand for public transport gettin ow nd lover .
In conclusion , it is tr that the demand o the pbli gong own radly as thy he thei own vehicles .
hwevr , even though everybody ha their own vehicles tey will hve to s pblc transport oe the roads are full of vehicles .
I ae en the followng announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
My favourite sport is fotbal , a I njoy becase I lov footbal playes .
I had h opprunity to ee ore about is spo .
I wold dvise ou to he prson startig th sport endevr and c fulill heir dream , many ca n't get at they ccomplished those players today ar vr famous
You n lern ith yr refee ad it coach .
Some people prefe ply tgether b also here competition between plaers .
People 's livs will change dramatically in the nxt 50 yers .
I tik th hi class discussion could n't rue .
In the fture people 's lve had bete .
Pviding tat we care th evironmen .
It 's really mportan .
If we lie ell , we will be more crefully wh old .
Otherwise everyboy anted a fuue better .
Nowadays there are a lot of thngs that we doing the iv easier .
In order that if I were you , I wold live ell in the next 50 years .
I 'm lokig forward so pple wll hve me interesting by thi case .
Fo instance , my family do n't think that ill happened in the next 10 yeas .
They live at the moment .
Beides they said that in al the moment : ' Cape dem ' .
This is other opinion .
I 'm Emad from Egyt .
my family consist of 5 members - my fher , my mothr a tow brthrs .
my father is a business man .
he is 65 year old .
he works in real stat investment .
my moter is a eacer .
e is 50 yeas od .
she is working in primry school .
my oder brother is 30 years od and he is working as accounat for radio an television nion in Cio .
the younger brthr is 25 years o .
he is a dentist .
he is dong master in turkey these days .
the la mmber is me , I 'm eronauticl enieer in Qaa .
I lo my family but everybody tayin n livng in diferet pace or couty .
t es bther r me is h second one who is a ntist .
he is my best friend nd roter .
I hope if I ca living with him in h same place .
he is very hepful and colabrator .
we spent a f time in the beginning of our li when we we id .
I really love my moher nd ther .
they spent teir ife lping us to be ood m .
my older brother helped us in studying , bt he is older than me by 10 yeas , so the relation between us is n't srog .
nyway i 'm er ppy to rite or yo .
This assrtive is otaly fals .
The expansion of publi traspor is e of the keys saving he planet , especall if th energy source sd com from clean sores .
oadays , the use of ehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cau of air polltion in bg cities aoun the world . Rsearche ow th the private ars a used ot ofte carrying ew person at a te , what mks it vry inefficient consderig the quantty of caron dioxide and other toxc substnces expeled to h envionment ah time tha the engine is started .
Lady decided to isit he boyfrind .
ut se is boyfriend ive upstate d hasn't t a airport he 's of it beaus of ta e a need choose by rain .
She was just prepared a suitcase after that we to trin station .
In my inion I think that the incrse of teenage cim is because their arents do not put limts to them , and how not pay attention , the mke all kinds of srios mistakes .
From my point of view , the best thing the plice can do with these eople is send them to a reformator until the cn lave disciplin .
Another god oion is give them a dificut work or every day kee them bs , but I do n't kn what kin of b can be , because a perso who commit a crime is n't oin to do something to hel society ie communitarian service .
I elt nervus when the phon ran .
I was sitting calmly ina afe , when I heard it ringi .
Firstly I hough
it could be one of my best friens as we really likd to have uch together .
Bt I saw unknown phone umber on a iplay and fe a itte bit nervous .
Wha if it were my boss or cliets and poibly somthing dreadful ha happened to my o .
It wnt on ringing and th gret fear I cliced on th gren butt .
Luckily it s my coleagu Jane who wated to drink a cp of fresh coffee wih me .
h flowchat provides an ovrview of he step of making bank ntes , it shows ht w ba notes re manufacted from designing to thng we an ue .
This process nvolves fve main tages .
Fit , it sould take me considerations in dsgn , including baground colour , rtwrk , scuriy ises .
Next , skile mahinits is prepared , in which ter e metal plats .
Then h printer will prit some sheets int ak nos(50 bnk notes per heet).Sbsequenty , the techial ust be use specially r dstinction , for example the colour printed on both sides , Special k is used an imges slightly raised .
Afe this , printed sheets ill be inspcted caefully .
Accoding to the quliy of shee , it ill be o results.if the quality is good or he bank notes is artialy amaged which can be used , it woud cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoached.while those bad sheet will be securely destyed .
This is Ir . I am from arachi , Pakistan .
My hieht is bou5.2 , hair coor is dark brown , eye oour is lac ad I will be wearing jeans ad long srt . I wl be rrived at 20 past to 3 .
Dscribe a supermarket nea or home
her ae n ey ig Supermarket near my home t there is a nic one .
It is situad in ma bolivar ross my ome .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it as different automatic doors o iter ad ext .
Near to the entry gate peso say welcome to ustomers an answ their questions .
hee ae so big shele in center of mrket are divided to som dffrent art fr kinds of gos lik Dried fui , nuts , flou , codient , eans , gains , rice , etc .
Als a ectio r Detergents , isue , perfumes , c .
Yo can e se store frie arund h market fr Drinks and Dry ie milk , yogurt , chese , butr and cra Alo chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , the sell cosmetics ad a salesperson hels customers to find ther euired .
The is a cashier next to ex doo an y n pay by cred cad or cash .
when you lk with someone have you ee thought in your wods before you say it ?
a ot of us never think before they speak d that is not good hing to do .
o st thnk a little bit befe you tal as one word auses a t of pain o others for e rest they ivs .you ay no actually notice ta but yo il feel what am really mean if someone tlls you a painful words .
it is clear that veryne is ought to make a mistake witut ve notcing .
for exale a i named Michel .
Michae is a good boy n he lways listen to his moter .on time Michael was very ang as he got a ad cor in his test .when he s home hs mother w cooking she akd him what is e wro ?
he ad ad ord tat he will regret saying thee words .he went to i room .Michael loed the door n knew at that momn he ha made a mistake .
Dear rend ,
It as great to hear from yu agan .
In yor lat email you tld me bout your lack of ime of noying your hobbi .
I can unerstad w dificult tis decisin must be .
However , if I were u , I oul do what I hae awas ant .
n I knw which matter you 've alys ben interested : music .
I emmber when you to me ce you wa paying a olin fr fou hours .
So , a ood idea would be to ep yourself dong creative things .
Anyway , u ould ways do any port in your xtra - fr tim .
As it 's ftn said : a good boy maks a god id .
I 'm loing forrd to hearing ro you agai .
Tel me at yu decide .
Loe ,
Anabel
I do n't like th pubi tranport of school .
It is slw , nefficent and dageous .
I prefer travel in the car or otorike , i am feeling seurity .
In my family travel in the txi , becas e taxi is as nd secue .
Toay I felt bad in e pbli transort .
It ws sowy .
Alo i can se the air pollution is talst .
Compred car or bs , the c is he most expensive tha s , because he ar is cofortable and aste .
e ti so it is .
In the oning , I go to the chool in bu with my brother t they gt ou rliest .
I refer trvl in the c .
nce pon the tm there ws a litle man clled Michael , ta a has a heart of a little ild and he ave of bg a .
he had a girlfrend cled sinha wo was a girl with a big heart bt unfortunately boen o .
on da Michl decided to make a surprise prty to sinha to mak her happ and feel is lo more so he rrangd everything nd to ee it surprise to r he was busy l th ime nd did nt show off all the eek as usul .that make sinha worried n suspect at Michael do o lve hr n ore an no ather girl ad he becoe extreel sad and even it become worse when Michael asd e to go to s aparment to ak the surprise to her ut he d o answer s phone after that .
hen he com she tar crying nd thout he would bea up with he nd she dd not give him a hanc to talk or xplain anything she sarted to cr loue n ccusd him of cating hat ak michae astonished how she id not rst in him , how h thought ha about him an he td her hat he n no stand ha anymoe he would brak up with her and he left .Michael close t door d nw at the momnt he hd made a misae
There 's no discussion which is my favourite retaurant in own , Te Seaside . I wil tell you why and aso why it 's so approprae for us , as a class to tak r last farewl there .
r clas as reormed ove t years , ih great clasmates leaig and coing we he aways ben welcoming bou it , d not at least twrds t new oes .
It 's n necesrily to be nce d kn to veryone but r class atully is , in the weekends he whoe cas gatr in different events together .
I thin the welcoming rocss in the bginning is crucial for this fellowship we ha day and robbly in 10 years to .
What I ust told is ha he retaurnt Seaside ans to me . elcoming .
Felwship .
At the Seaside 's you are genuinely welcomed at t frst doorsep , they accept ou hover yu are .
This mke th
It ll stard in t Parson Insiute in h clas of a hitor students of the rce of Fine Arts in the lass the eaher in charge , Jime , commissioned a task to hi students , sayn :
-To Begin with ti urse , I at to be ure the know the meaig of art , pro I wat it tanslated into a sculpture or paintng ad by yourselves , ithout y specific tecnque , only our imagination , with it yu explain to me wat it is r .
H exited student began coming to hir home wth such work , since the hd only 4 day to perform her dties .
After 4 days all came it spectaculr pictues , portraits of people , lrge sculptures , to a student , her name as Sandr , sh arrive ith a piece of crumpled paper , ld in which only had a nae wrtten in a style different letter , ony hee reflected , exposing h moment everyone laughed at her fr her wor , but e teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing hat everyone lughed wih te work of his partner , can see that nobody undrtood the real meaning , ince t is diffent for eac perso , each creaes a different definition , so we must repec each of them understand that ah person is a different world and everyone is rt .
A stdent tt relly movd him , and reflect so pologetic , and out of te rom , cled te oo and Michael knew then ta he had de a mistke .
In ac , this topic is very important in our odrn times .
my favort ort it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .
this sport is my favorite , but smetimes I think aot to eve this port . because in later time I ae a blo , so I tin a o of tie to lav ts sport . u it is dominated to me .
it 's akes me likes an anmal when i 'm standng and t redy to figh i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fckin ghst an I can ill anyoe w tried to stop me .
so , i 'm rely tinkig left thi sport .
Everyday i get up earl and exercise in the gardn with my frend.i'm xercising more nd mor again to improve myself nd becme th best fighter in he worl.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do l my efort to be th first one in the wrl.finally I d no find encorage of my fmly or my teacer .
Hello to every bo ! !
Now I 'm going to alk abot he benefis o learning noher language .
I am from spain so my foegn language is Spanish
I start to study another language when I w a child , I statd learning Engis becuse every o said that English is the future lnguage , whn I finised my school time I tried to stdy French b it as so diicult or me .
I have to say that study nother anguge give you more opportunities because on the ds ou ed to n othe lnguage to look for a work and be oe inteiget th your college to take te wk and that 's grat .
Ad to day is necessar becuse if o an to trave around the world a mt pople and have convrsation with their o need to now mor than your foreign languag , becaus in he rest of the world and particularl in Europe people now oe than two language and th great .
I think learning other language never have dawbacks because all yu lern is go for you and you min , ou never top to now new tings .
These days , most of the eopl el comfortable to trvl rough car nd then they believe ha pblic transort is t going to be sustain or onge ti .
However I do n agree wih them because in most part of he wrl mass transport system is still popula ad they a nvironent friendly ad cost efficient .
Firstly , ubli bus service is very popular in most part of the wod .
In most part of the Euope , pople still prefer public bus nsead of car to tavel .
Secondly , pblic ransprt r environmentally soud in comparison to priae vhile .
It carries more people whil prvate veicle carries fer pope .
Public bus do t let more cars to contaminae envronmen .
inally , Public transprt 's cot efficent .
People eed to spen or money on fuel if tey wa to trael sa destintion by private vecle .
In conclusion , althoug c is convenient to travel , it is not ough to finish te future of public transportation .
In he towns of th future , the car of t nvironment is on of t most important thing .
eole have conciencied tmselves ta we need to respc te natue and the uman places where we lve .
Human beings hav dstroyed our evronment long the te an now , the eat is in daner .
Frs pac we ned to care about is our near place , the twn .
I le to take ou the tash every ight and I try to rcycle my trash throwing it in differnt bags .
I ve recently ougt an eecric ca in sustitution of my taditional ca .
An eectic c is less harmful for th environment .
hn I go out to h amp , if I lnch ther , I tke cr of cening te ground .
I like nor he dirty pele neiher the dirty places .
I hope to lve in the futu in a clean to an I 'm re that e mst of the ople are n thining in this way . We ne to care of our ow ecase nboy like to place into a dup .
Military ervice is the military training hich need eopl ave to jin army or voluntary o a prod of time .
In Krean , people shold completed military service at lst 2 years .
Similarly , eople hav to join it 1 yr in aian .
It is a debate tha shoud everyone have to complete military serice when they rech 18 years od .
With supporters maintaining tt it is important f national secrity a make eople maturity , ilst oppnent clim that the iltary serice have ffcts on stu and soud av freedom of choice .
Frsly , every contrie acquire stabilization mus be protecte by a stronger armed forces r national security .
If h r or oher dangerous thrat te safety of ountry , th cn o get help from oher countris mmediately .
Therefe , eole acpt military servc could be easier to protect thir county .
Especially some mal population of counry have olicy tha is peple nd join military service due to deelop into a powerful countr .
Secondly , e important f people become atuity wen hey complete mlitary service , whi proably is a partiulr experience fo 18 yeas old .
In additin to have hard physicl tainng d get dferent special skil , people also can impov personal quality in military rvice .
Consequntly , people could be more independent and strong , th eems to earlie ecome mature than other people wo do o completed mlitar service .
In contrast , oponets of miitary service point u that sty is te firt vitl hng o pepe who reach 18 yer od .
Military seice miny to improve phyicl , oweve stu might be coplete better in scho at e age because it a professional teacher te an a good study atmosphere , pepl usuall easie to cncetrate on earning knoldge .
For instance , some countries allowed eople in military servce fte thei all courses was finised .
Aditionaly , critics arge that countries r bl to allow pepl have fredom of coce for military ervce .
Reatively some people unwilling ji militay srvie , people volunteered in a mlitar servc possibly njoy it .
Furhemore , it lo can respect for righ s of people , especially fr women who do nt cn adapt e ha training .
In conclusin , it an be concluded that military service is necessary for national scuity and goo for people improe themselves .
T best course of action wod be govermnt attept to allow peope volunteered in conscription when they complete their stdis .
dear .
ou
This is danb from ueecx1
By your vor , I cn tdy at UNS from the nex year .
I really appreciate your encouraging us fr every tme in class .
Bet wishes fr a beautiful holiday easo a a ery happy w yer .
I live in a mll city in te mile of Vietnam .
Tis city do n't have a ot of citizen but It 's a ravel ty .
So in the street alwas have a lot of tra cans .
It wl hel pople not throw the gabag in the street .
In r cit av a billboard to urge pople to ave attention to envioment .
In e school set up a worshop to tell wit students importan environment to or live .
The citizen of the city want to bul the cit with e sogn " Te city green - clean - beautiful " .
So they have war to kee e city rac tt .
So everyne bing the trh to the pac ermision .
Every year have " erth hour " .
In his hour , many peple trn ff t light in their house to ve energy and prtect environment .
I am very oud about the areness fom my cit eople .
I sh have a lot of pepe arond the old se the important of environmet .
d ty have ac to protect it .
I s in a seum of Ne York looking at a th beutiful paintings ad sculptures , hen I he he alar of the museum everyone was afraid includig me .
The polic was hsing h bandit that stole a painting , t he escaped instanty .
The police let l the popl go .
I wn to my apartet n trn on my TV and I watch in the nes that the bant escped with 3 paintings .
I decided to sve the case .
I went to the museum and follw al the tracks that I found wer a bron sulpure .
I erch for any clue a I found something , it was a piece of paper with an addes on it .
I follow the addess and whn I gt her it appar to be an aandon house .
I dcied to wait , and hide on h bushes if I e someon entering .
In the night I se a sadw entering te ouse .
I carfully approached he window of he house a I ee t m with te pintings .
Ty ft te house on a truck .
I follow them in a txi .
We were on the terminal of Ne York it s a very famous landmark .
There we a t of commuters on the terminal so I lot h wo mn .
I locted t instantly because I recognize eir hats .
I was focal to them .
They threaten all the ople cruelly so l e sightseers wre angry with the .
owever the modernizaion of he tminal was uknown to me so I a completely lot .
We nteed on a trai , the ceiling was cofotable but everyone ws objecting of te two men .
When we arrived we were on t other side of te city of Ne Yor the features were so ommn ecase it wa a gd eonomic an conveniently because would attract mr tourists .
I finally trap em tei names wre Lcus Fowley n ob Parker I tell th plie and he police p them on jai .
And the paintings wre on the museum again .
Peer oked at s wath nd ke that he had to do somethi immediately .
Toay is a very mortant day for te sake of his fuue .
The wtch hown te tie is 9.30a and 2 urs left befor he go to he place at ad h hetbeat so fst .
He hav an interviw fr gtting he scholarhip so hat he c pusue s dem to study meical in Ireland .
He went to th station bus to ride on bus .
He took a fe minue f walking to the stati bus fro s oue .
fer the us rrivd he ide on and half an ho he arrived to the desinatio .
When he to a few teps fm e bus he sw a ver tall building that te intervi places located .
Aftr waiting an hr the tim coms and bravely th high confident evl he wale to the office .
ddenly his water loade and tears drop frm i eys .
Te interviewer who is sitng nfrnt of him ws a prso with lu eyes tht he realy loves .
he itution suddenly hanged .
Peer witout doubt hugged the intertiewer ho is a an aout 4o years old .
T man ho is crying together with him was is father that have leave peter an s mom because tey had divorce 6 years ag .
Then the interview becae a eeting between fatr and a s tha really toucd .
iled wo bird with a stone is a perfect diom to desibe Peter 's situation because he t h bloved athe bak n ill can prsue i rem to tudie in ireland.q
hello ,
i wt the ob fr th sumer camp i 'm looking for children btwen 8 - 12 years old i will hel to organise sports and evening acivities nd if ou want i could work in the kitchen
if i have the ob wrte soon
victoria
Hello ! I am begin to stud technical Eglih .
I nee ths cuse for my ew b .
I want to his corse , it hlps me to enlarge my vobulary .
n I need ou help it is .
ould yo like to improve this cous with me ?
Pleas , wits me a st wh the words when I need fr technical konverstio .
Thank yu vey much .
Dr Teche Mary
I am wiing to give my piion of te restaurant " Te Cazy a " thi is a very od restaurant .
frst the restaurant ave wide variety in is fo .
The chef an ma the men of h a to the dinner or you a hose a special menu .
The purpose of the che is op ad creed crn to start , beef medalion coered bittersweet of carrot ace wit ts and h dessert chocolate cake wih ches .
he atmosphre is also very good s music in live with different ands .
yo cn hoos w bands of rc or p an one dj .
the cst is accessible .
The pck hav a cost of $ 350 a person .
C a TV pgramme e to entertain and eucate at te sme ie ?
Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
People complaint about how te informatn but differnt TV shows do n't contrbte in e process of lerning , that 's h an of This programmes e considered rash , bcaus of t multples sows su as realities , tak shos , or showbiz that hrdy ev ae a good mesag or something ntereting o peopl .
A gd example of this shows are ho people a paid to c in elities or ta sw where they sh exaggeated or ilarios familiar problems , where te oy m is to e or audience .
Anothe good example are h edess showbiz tht are appard rcenly , ts ty of pgrams whe th information is oen gossp abot ersonal life of famous sings and actos without taking to con if they re te or n .
It 's a iy to knw that eis just a few programs tha r to edcate pple wit the ms update informaon through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help to acqire more knowledge .
Knowledge that sometimes ar nnown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of th history of our country .
I think in h fuure do n't exist pblic transport because we will die their car .
When yu drive yu wn trsport , a c fo example , o going to fom a specficly pace but in a bus ou go to the bus stop and no to your hus or shool , ok ...
It is bete frm the people be more comfortable becuse you drive an n e othr person . I know so people , he drivers , egn hae't got work , bu the public transport is free and is free because it is th govrnmnt pay , this moey bacme do to ae mor work o others .
No ll is good some people haven't t moy ca n't go to another place to aothe pla ad the polltion became more and more , it is a serious problem ad the solution is oy for t rh peope , te solution is buy an electr a , e ohr solution , mor economic , is h government give the moe to e popuation to buy an eectric r .
I do n't know wht is bete no pblc transport or public transport .
There is no future r pulic transport ince eerybdy preer to e hir on ar .
o time is valuable f ever dy nobody botheed about oey .
tafic is ve hig in n ays so it will be difficult to each office on time .
public ransprt is always crowd so it is ot comfor to tavl
Fnd ou j in say mvie
I would ignore thriller films due to my ragil het , ut my mind is caged nw after watching this ilm .
The lm is entitled " Scary ovie " whh is dieced by Keenen Ivoy ayns .
This stry was hown a mrdr o copleed th misso : killed everyn that he hated .
At st , ony one perso could be alive even those acrified ad tried to eape this horribe result .
hs is a cmbined stor of horror ad coedy .
I can no in a word to decribe this film esiy , wha c I say is you will be regret if you ms this fim .
Thi first raso is al actrs shown hir talet in this film drectly an udienc c follow their steps a he tory certinly , ths essential element whch aso maes a bi success to the fim .
Besides , th attractive sto le ake a lot of climax so tha everyone can finish this flm ro the beginning to h ed ad create h billion box office to this film .
owever , I tik the tools shud be improved , such as killer 's ife ad actors'ctumes , the knife look like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed cohing . I think this is a pity to this mov .
At last , your bavey can be imroved after watchg this film .
What are you waiting r ? Go n eck it ou !
Hi everone , my name is Jae and I have my if d a little child .
My wie 's nme is Mariz , sh is 30 years ol , she is a beautiful d joyful womn , my son 's nam is Ri , he is 3 years old , he is ry handsome an un cid .
My wfe likes to go otside when he is fre , e likes to vsit touristic places .
My sn likes playing sports , he is ey lttle but he lys footall , e is a very actv hid .
I 'm studiing medicine , th mar is too chalenging though stressful , because te self - study is every day and there ae a lot of information .
This major involves all , alays we have to nsider he l possibilities to resole homework , y have to know he mt posible information or c resove it .
he you got the answer or solution you can se that a effort worthwhile .
Ou tachers ae ctors a they are in charge of teach us abut ok - team , so it 's common at one / two people do all wr ... with is I want to say : is ewardng when ur techer k something ad o no t answer beaue you cou study al opic .
I have experience to go to e hoital d a too inerestig .
I de with medicine tudens who are supeir to me , o xaple , doctors a urgeon .
I only coul oversee what he do to otai visul experienc an know ho a a surgery .
How learnin Enlish
It 's provn hat to learn a foreign lengueage you have to go broa .
You can study hard o yes , but if you aent't obligated to use English fo thigs of everydy , you wo n't bcae good at it .
There are n't othe options .
Of coure , also studyng in a foreign contry s isadvanages .
First , it osts a lot .
Eve there are lots of differet possibilities n scoarship , no evrydoby can lows tey .
Liing boad , even though for a short tme , it could be very stresfu a pope a feel homesick .
Despite that , there are mre reasons to go studng away .
It is a ver useful eerience in any ways .
You will earn better and faster thn studying at ome .
In addition , visit e conties an meet new cultues , helps to open yo md nd to fosr a lo .
I id sveral school tris in e pat years and I 'm ging to do it gin sure .
Hi Patty ,
My name is Luci Pérez .
I am 14 eayrs old .
I liv wih my brother and my parents in a ouse in Punta Carretas .
I ie going to the cnea to wach mvies .
I lk trvellng ih my family d frnds , I like travelling because I a mee new people , places and clturs .
I do n't ae a faourite sbjct , but l lk Engis because we c comunicated all ve e world .
I love my csin 's hoe so I aways visit hm .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is going to Caa Jacso High shol .
He lives in rad so I ave to tke tow bue an that is very tiring .
The ae of my Best Friends are Agstina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we an in 6º together ad in that moment we bacame friends .
My name is Facundo Menda .
I 'm fifteen yers old .
I live in La az , in a hous with my ther an my ather .
I have to pes , a dog n a rd .
I like atcing television , playing computer gaes and swimming .
My favourite types of fi a scine ftion , animation and hsorical .
My favourite fl is Avatar becaus th effects are amain and h sound is very good .
My favouit tps of gams r adventure , wr , historical and horror .
I lay online with any people om th wrd .
I wn to a club for o years and I swam there for w years .
Sometmes I go to te beach ad I im in the sea .
I prefer playing football to basketball .
I ly bsketball in the scho .
I was bn in 1996 on th 31 of anuar .
arbohydrtes are ssetial for a healthy diet .
It povdes energy for our bodies .
Nutritionists ecommen t qarter of a person 's diet suld contain carbohydrate .
hn yo body takes an isufficint amont of carbohydates , e protein replces th lack of cabohydraes to suppy the by wit eneg .
And ths wi cause diease on the ln ru .
Dear reader ,
My na is Andeas Miret and I am 18 yeas .
I am fo Swden ut I have ben living in Brceloa since I s young .
Nowadays , I am studig a degee in economics at te Uniersit of Bcelona .
I am applaying for t job acan in h summer camp .
I have ome experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 yeas .
as yar I was workin every friday ad sunday at a ski cam in la masella .
Also this summr i went to e nited States an I was wking in a summer camp .
ow or comany is goig to do ultidimnsional operation , o just focu on furniur but also for hme apliace .
In addition , we will adjust company 's management directin in each department dpend on marke 's reaction an envinment
Like railer ,
We av sld our products to KA system for few yar , however , th poduts that we sold wre usually popular consumer god , it mens cheat and have no enter obsacls for oher supplier .
In additio , it is hrd to collect mne om KA stem .
An ecause we have our own factories a professoal machines , we can eily to avoid the prc compttion .
To make high obacle furnitr , ike R - angle wooden canet , high gloss cbe .
We wil search e market demand based on our core products , als poduce gh qualit products .
For the factorie , because Chies demographic ivdend are ot lie bfore anymore , the low price and undiversified products sould becom verity an preum goods .
ocu on user experience , inventiv , uniqe ad our cr products
Therefore , we e refring and din hig - tech items , like LED , photoelectric , vacuum , steam op , c .
Use this cor technology to develop blow machie , a clanr , iron , etc .
Besides , fatories are keeing gon on ur professinal items and service like , high gosy , aut painting nd 4-side edge sealin , honeycomb board , etc .
Also f our wire ack , plastic
products .
And still wrking had to buil our own brnd .
owadays , people have a lot of arid abu contaminations of Planet .
All governments icreasng thei pliic laws about this topic and alo they promoted new ues in the daiy life of te poplation .
One of t new ule abut the reductin of contamination in the citie is the tanspor ulic .
According to the general orld laws abot the global orld warm , ah country has conidered its on arguments about it .
I can ge us an example how g cities around t world can reduce more contminaton .
Lodn is a good example an Barcelna o .
Thee cties do n't allow to drive in the centre city , the industy reduces its txes if it 's ncreasing the plitic ature .
My cit is a good example , o .
The tw major as ofered to ppultion free u .
It 's a good idea to remove h traffic a .
I tik , in conlusion , l people shud have a good behiour d an open in nd the d myse lso to catch more often the publi transprt .
My country is e be ontry in te worl .
I love it so much .
We have different cultues her , a two ai nguages , Arabic and Amazigh .
Morocco is a kindom , lke Sain nd ngland , We hae kng and princes .
My day in Lonn !
I went to ondon in the summer .
I liked Londo , beaue there are a o of reat hing .
On Mondy me ad my riend Chrissy nt to h B Ben .
we wnet to h Trocaeo .
Bt the st a te Guarda from Bukingham alce .
chrissy mae a uny face u th Guards did n't sy anything .
We had vy , very good weather .
It was fatastic .
The temperatur was over 20 dgres .
We travelled to Londn by plane , but to come ac we traveled by r abd boat .
Aer we ca back I tod my family erything .
Environmental chane realy need in the currn situation .
People otribuation is vy imporant in this matte .
The reot explains hw my to peple aking care of my urroundings an to resere this pant in a beterway .
Firstly , hyrid cars on allowd to use during weends as result of tis most peope not uin there cars l the week .
Th atttude reduced enromous amount of smok pollution from e pips .
Goernent policy changes hp a lot r water preservation .
Mn factories folwng the regulatis d not raining the harmful wastage in he ter .
Secondly , Closed tras bins rvided to th pople in rder to colect he waste and recycling .
People coe forward and uilisng ths i effectively itead of throwing away .
As a result of this town looks cean compare to previous decdes .
In addtion to ht recyclable waste , sell nd th one will be given to respective person .
Ths give motivation to he public and hy c arn by using right way to disse ter wase .
Thirdl , Public oiles hs en opened o the public to elminate attitude of uriating in he public paes .
Town council t nl encourge eope to planting or garndening , it subsidise oney for heir green imprvement .
Example , free ertilizers , water pump failiieand pesticides .
Is smary , pepl taken mny intiative steps and moig foward to have safe and attactive enromnt urrondings .
My avorite sprt is football .
This is a internacional por because in all par of wod ter are persons that they py .
football is a fameous sport you ca whath it on tv or yo an ee it on direct.ter ara a lot of level categories , h os fames categre is th first .
peple that the ay in is ategrie are fameos althoug u an se them on tv.if you want to be a bg footbal paye you mut to practis mo me and yoor le shuld to be halty .
yu ut to re your ood and urs habits for u hav a healt body .
thi sport is the bs of the world a h most faeus ad i hin that this is he most ejoyed .
Soccer is the est sport for me because you an gt f , met other ople and participt on competiion .
If yu want to start practiing this sport , you shoul be prepared to wrk har .
This is a story from a coutr whr there wer no cats .
One y , an derly frein la visited e country with no ts .
Se gave h Kg an adorable kitten which se had brought with her .
Goodb letter
Dear Ms Cumngs ,
How are you ? I am fine ,
I am very sad to ear yo ay that yu are going to leave our school soon , I do n't really want yu to eve this school !
Becus you e he best tacer in h whole world!many of or clss assmate really lke yo to!We kno that yo are goin to tach Discovery - bay priar school .My English result is better oce o tauht me I really oe yo , Ms Cmigs!or friend Ms Dcock told me that she is goin to Austala , and I love you tw oth I hoe you tha yo ill cm back sme tme !
Love , Qiana Ka 2014.1.9
The gaph givn sho e seaonal ses of ice - crea from two lacs at an Engihl seaside reort from 2012 to 24 , they ae separately an ce - ream van ad an indoor public swnmmng poo .
As e gah indicates , h als at ice - cream van was gnerally larger than tt at indoor swimming poor .
F the ice - cream a , it saled st in Jul - Sep each yar , nearl rechd 5000 dollars and it w stil sligtly increasing yar by yea .
In evey year , from Januar to July , the les slightly increased n reached the pk at the hird eason , te it gradally lie bak to th year 's bottom .
Each year as nearly e me .
F indoor swimming po , is sales did n't ave arge changes , suall ale abou 2000 - 3000 ollars fr each season .
It usually saled os in Apr - Jn and ct - Dc n slidd to the bottm in u - p .
In general , its ses were falling with e time went by .
There was a nice sping orning .
Both of thm wer youg , beautiful and ive .
e pu her cp of offe on the windowsill , ooked up t brist on er beautiful little brest , put right her oourful light - mine skirt , too her ornge saf a red little hadbg nd nt to he oor .
He stood up nea the pe widow , smoked and loked at r without n words .
Whe he said od - b , he st nodded .
Whe h ooed at im fom uer her on eyelashes he turned awy d stared at the landscape uside .
Wen s made step out , Michael closed th or and knew at tht moment he had made a misae .
Nowadays we constantly use means of transort to go everywhere so that our festyle .
Society deend on the .
We are ued to trav by ar , in fact ea famiy as o .
Despite , rvelling by public transpot can be a btter tion in so ay cases .
Cerainl citie will be crowded in he future because opulation is awas increasing .
Using our n car to go to the citycentre culd be a nightmare , it wuld be a stressful waste of tm .
Ubearab traic jams and no parking aea ould be e main problems .
Bside , the price of etrol is increasig to , n it likely will be as expensive that mot pole not be able to affr a c .
In contrat , there will be cheae alternatives as s , train or vn lane fr on dtances .
In other hand , many drivers enjoy travellig by is vehice because hy li to dve d hey fee free .
Finally goerments and ociety ae concerned about the environment nd I csider tt the wll dereae evels of pollution nd co2 emtios .
From my oint of vew public transport will not disappear even if rs are much or comfrtable , fater and ore evolved than ow .
Te is prcous .
Eery one ca n't deny that tm is a bi ctor in our lif .
h lie divided to erm of tie , we live through time , we grow with time
till No , we tak in tim ad finally , we perish after tme .
World change by tim .
Tme never sops and does n't wait anyone .
We must vlue time . I hope my country to be as a develope countries in uing e best us of tim .
once moment lot is ost r ever .
it cn eve be regained even the srongest onarchs av been helpless to prevent tme .
So should be carefu aout e importane of time .I he to n waste it ad s it as t est use for ging opportunity for rising .Those ho ate it , il be behind and they il fail to make a ma in their ife .
The gra men ad succssful guy bece fam nd os by a suitable use o time .he gude and soure of insiation for a e generation .
So , we can say that tie is a dole - edged sword , ither hlp y or agonist you and in t popular say is rit tha say " do n't delay the work of th a to the net a " because our wors will accuulae then it bcome mre hard to finsh it .To ensure bs us of time in our ie , we ne to be unctua.unctulity avoid tension and trubl things , finally even scientists hae another vison bot time , ey disover that time is the fous dimension by relative thery whih exchange a cncepts in science .
I ca n't s expet that time more important in our life n we need to save it .
My town is very mll .
is ae is Santa Marta a he is near Trujillo .
In my town , we can see a big swimng pol , fe arks , four bares a ne state schol .
in my twn thee a a lot of ol pele , n the are n much childrn , because hey love in ohe citie .
I le my ow , ecase when I was a smal girl , I wet there , an I was with my grandpents , my couins and my friends .
my best fried ie in madrid , t We always were togther in r hous or in my hose 's grandparents .
I have been very happy , n today I am hapy there .
Dear Amanda :
How are y ? I am fine .
I miss you so much . how e your baby ?
I could go to madrid .
You ad me n see us .
ext month , I oing to go to u town .
You be able to go ?
Will is fantastic !
I hope to se you quick .
O friends aways ask me for ou a you family .
oh ! my brother , Daid , goi to marry ! Srprise !
I wis that you be able to go to the weddn .
my boyrien a me have a rsent r your mal by , Nck .
I lov so muc , my ear fred .
he diagrams below sho h nk notes are made trouh four steps ad how b shees nd notes a disposed .
To begin it , te format of th bak notes needs to be designed , facto of considerations including the bakgroud colour , the arwork and th security sses .
Snconly , quipment ik silled machinists as menal plates should be prepareed for the et steps .
Thirdly , int t sees of bn nts(50 bank notes pr sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides d images will slighly raised on the bk notes .
Most imortanty , mnuall inspected on each prited sheet in cae ht tere would eit damagd sheet .
Oc damaged shet are dicovred , pariclly searte them io go an bad on and them brn h bad oes , making sre that the remaining sheets ae of good quality .
oo sheets ar cut into separate bak notes , then packed and dspatced to other place , coaring with whh , the bad es have to be desroyed securly .
th movie which I have chose to wrie about is micrphne .
it is An egyption movie acted by khled aboelnaga and youn actors . th cions of is ilm to place in Alexandrie ct of Egypt d it talks abot some you people wo ned a good chace to delivr their vice to people as they di n't hav much money to podce hir ow albums ,
tht ort of band is famou between the youth and th all it " unde grod bands " .eir ong ive a big concenet to the politicl a social stituation in Egypt and ty beome famous afr the25 january revoulaton , w I cooe this ove as it reflecs at hapen in our ociey , thre is no hnce r the yuh a if they ound it , they fac lot of problem to save it and they did n't find time or othe actvies and in oetimes ey worked in tin which they eer learn or love
I live in a all ciy , then the e e things that my tn mae fr he environment : like the reccling , therefore we mus know of what is mad he material ha we thrw , nd put he in h right dumpster .
Thi is a ttle act for us , but if we all contribute will be a ig hp fr e environmnt .
We aso n e appliance that nt cosum so muh , if we n dot sustainabe electric systems or uy rganic prduts .
In t bi cities the hav began to bid green buildings , they us the elctricial public transport not to pollute .
In my opinion there ay be man rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not hl our abtat .
h most exciting day on my lf was y 9 , last ear , when I atnd the secondary schoo .
I styed on France wth my frins d my teachers .
I woke up vey eal .
I catc the bus and I wae my mum .
Then I talked with my frien aout o holday .
After i hours we had lunch on a fast food to Franc .
ex we vsite a mous aquaiu where I looked a lot of fis .
It ws inteestig !
On te veing we d dinner on a articular estaurant n my friends and I dd many pot with a famous sight .
I a admiring he sea while my frends ooked aound e shop .
The days after we were in a parfurm a I bought a present fr my m .
My tcher wanted to o spk to French .
In h n my friends nd I jumped it h sea .
It was crz .
I will never forget this experience !
The cat LOZAH
At a ni day , my old roter srprse me .
He ught a ct .
It is a first ime or me to play with a at .
It is a nce experience .
I calld it LAH because its olor like an almond .
Te almond is caled in rbic O .
LOZAH is four months ol .
It is female ca .
LOZAH plas with balls and ropes .
It likes my laptop nd it play wi the Curor .
That is funy but makes me nrvos .
he OZ cat is Shirazi tye .
It slep eighteen hur per a day .
The ni sleeping of it is when it watchin anime .
It plas wth hildren very well .
wn the chidren went ot it became d .
I lov it sf hir .
It rus behind the at and flies .
It eats chicken , ua , milk and cheese .
It hates h water .
When we ed to unish it we spred some drops of water at its fce .
I hope it to be a go cat an a good experience for me .
Dea Bob ,
my firs o was baby sitter .
I hv to look forward at two little by : seven and ine years old .
I was seventeen years od , when I decded to acept this work .
The parts of these boy were friends of my parents .
I he been the bay iter of these children for all hat summr ad I ejyed so much with thm .
They livd in a bg house with a lovely wimmng oo were we n sw and ply .
At the end of the summer , I ave kept on eein tee boys to help thm durin the school ye .
This experience helped me a lot bcause I become much mor responsible nt oly with these boys but ao wit my brothrs and siser ( I had two brthers a one sister)an I ha learned the menig to work an receve money .
I id n't ae probem because e children were uie d rspecful , a also becuse I known them since they wr neborn .
I op to ae satisfed to all your quetions .
Hve a gd work
cla '
I gew up in a parent faiy .
Someties I el that I was aoe n not oved .
owever , we ee luk enough to have a great mother who trid al her bes to ke my oler brother , my ldr siser d I for cmpleting ur college stuis .Of course my uncle , young bother of my mother gve a i hand to go throh th ha , so tt made us otn help ach other in my famil hn e meber o w in hard .
Especially I was the ongest member in e faml , made much ore troubles he I s young .
I had truancy and id not pay attntin to stdies .
That really h bigest harm to a hard - working womn who my mother tried ll r st to fed me up ad help me ompete my studie .
l te members of my family never gie me up , and I fiished my colle studies , too .I hav a good jb now .
I do really thank my mother an ll h mebers for paing the atient and eertion to me .Now we hae reat relationship wh each otr ad treasure t happiness we get t so as .
So , are t members of my amiy my best friends?I'll anwer you : there 's nt much better answer than Yes !
How my wn takes re of the envirnent
irt of all e me to ntoduce my twn I ie in bul it th capital of fghanistn .
Thi tn is lcated in th central zone of the Afghanistan it 4462(km² ) spac , nd has more than seven Million poulations , th enomic and security sitation is n suitable an these factr hav dictly effect in to te carefulness of vironment .
he most mpotant factor in the environment improvement is the lock of t required nowlede between h lca people .
Based on h Necessity people a government in ths town togethe effeually tas ce to the nvironment .
Municipality of the mntined wn is collect the garbg Form Stet and road nd hipped to the
specfic area .
Fortunately Kaul structured by Mouains d have ountaious climate , approximately this town hve 15 ( mm ) Rinin pe yr he remarkale Agricultural area and forestry ll around th town have a positive effect r the Kab cy environment and roducing Frs ai for the citizens of the mentiond ow
There is no futur r ulic trasport .
I aree with this poin .
Public traspot are bus now a days .
More pope are using it and it getti ruh .
It creating lot of toubles by standing on the edg of te buses a metro .
Din spors is my hby becuse I find it intesting a it mae me heath .
Actually tere e a lot of kinds of sport hat I like , but the most interesting sports or me is footbal .
Usaly , I py footbal with my frends in stadium .
I suggest u to do sports because it mak us healty .
Dear mr / ms of summe cap .
I am nerested in work wth you .
Ths is an opportunt ecelent for me becaue I want to ok ike Engish teacher .
I studied in an English schoo ad learng Englih since I as a child , my teachers re all natives n I practised my Engsh with the always .
fter I sudied to be Enlih teacher in the univesity of tremadura .
I am English eachr ow .
I like the childen d wrking with them .
They re ey good pupils .
They ern n understand ery good English .
I hav worked in the hliday Enlish school hs ye d I have learned a lot of ih this exerience .
I hav organized activities like : sports , iit to city , festivals , etc .
I loe be wih them , tey help me to do my wor , they each me to be better peson , I have or paien w and I know now to be happy .
I iv one , so I cook always my oo .
The cooking is one of my hobbies . I lke to eat very good and I practis several kinds of foos .
I think ht I am he person f yur job because I hve all tht o are ooing for .
I hoe yours es .
Sincerely
Selena López
My favore sport
Ther ae so ay sprts in t world , like asketbal , baseball , rnning , oga , swiming , and so on .
Anyone ha tir fvorie sports .
Someone iks go hiig , otes likes dancing , still others lie playig
volleyball .
And , eiher do I. I ls li srts .
n of thm which I lik mst is badminton .
y my faorite port is badminton ?
There a soe reasns .
First of all , eercising can me o
become more healhy .
Sond , playing aminton can ctiv al boy , like hnds , ar , fee .
Third , hen I
ply it wt oeone , whaever st for fun or for h ame , my oy will feel so hot in tirty mines .
Te , it can ply indoor , aso , it an ply unde e sun .
Finally , I am good at playig badminton .
Playng badminon c do lots of great tngs r ou , exec good fr health , it also can ma a lot
of n and play ith famiy or rind happily .
If someoe answr me ha te est port is , I wll say :
Badmintn is .
My favourite spor is badminton bcaue I sed to practise it he I was a chi nd I loved it .
It ses to me a coplte spr because you can pracise it in pairs or in an individua wy .
To be good at adminto y ned to prepr yourself in a pysical wa bt ls t sychlogical prt is very important .
You hv to be able to play or a ng time , analyze yo ponent 's mtakes to win and to hv measre aout your ergy f no to be exasted bfore the matc is oe .
For someone w is starting ti port I woul give just n avie : enjoy .
Beause if you e trig to in you ill lo e most important thn , to iscoer ow wondeul to lay a sport could be .
no da young eople r influence towards the western culure so , they r getting moe fasonable.yongster r nterested to war different sylis and colored clohe.he are ppy th wearing diffrent color cothes.they di n't want to wear our cultural dress uch as sari , hti , chl d mny me.ty oly like to wear shirt , pat skrt , t hirt and man more.younser ae influence by watching differet prorammes on televiion .
Sport is important par of my life .
T yrs ago when I as till in schol .
Many classmates wen to different sections of e sport .
t I cou n't go with te at e time , I was sick a lot .
One day my friend ivited me to arte .
He gave me 3 day to think about it .
I decided and wen .
It was stange becas I never wen to te spots .
From the time I strted going to karat .
After ne mont my instrctor tl me that I wil go to the competition .
I w very worrying nd nervos .
The day of he cmpeition and I came with oters to show how I 'd practiced .
he instructor aid my ne and I went o on t atami.when I ef I had a speci feelng man people look n clapping .
It ok 3 minutes I wn with thr accons to .
I a vry happy beaue it w my fist ompetition .
After the end of the competition , we were a wared edals and cetificates .
Then as always soded Kazakhstan hmn .
Ts time I fe like a Campon it was really especially feeling .
When I went to karat I 'm not even sik .
Sport has ivn me a boost of vitality , ener , optimism d strengthen t immune sysem .
My ost exciting day wa he Jue t 2014 , an internatioal coptition in elgium .
The day befre there were th qualiication , tht I passed .
he day of th fnal I a so nervous , bu determined .
There were athlte o are European champions ad I picked up l my courage nd I did my exercises very well , except fr a fal fr the bem .
ter the cometition I was relaxed n happy , because I av done my b .
Eventually I placed th bh beam and lor , and aer we took th phots I go back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls ere out of the dessin room with a sheet an a pen in te hands and ey asked me an autograph .
I was ealy surrsed and happy , I wold evr ave thougt !
he itte grs thanked me , thn I go to a with my ea and t day aer we went back to Itl .
An easy recipe are cookies .
ou need buter , flou , sugar , es , vanilla and chocoae .
Mix butter , egs n vanila .
The mixur must be smooth an compact . Pour the chocolate and cut h cookies wit a round shape .
Baer them or 15 minutes
Dear Mrs. Morgan
I am writng ith egard to ind accounting svices fo my compan .
I know hat yo have experience to searc the bt emploee and you have quait .
I need t services fo a year so a you provde thos sevies ?
I need that my employees e punctual d that they hve esponsibility in their jb because we are talkng abt t money of the comny .
Thk for your help and I hope you will in the bst company o me .
Yours sincerely
Alejandrina
The worl is changing around .
Techolgies are moving on in hh sped .
As he technologies world is moving fast nd h auto moble instry is als coming it n ariant of cars & scooters in very eonomial way .
Buying cars and soters are oe conenient tha he las decade .
In w decade people earnings and lvin syle he als chaged .
People now bying cars n scotes as er their cnvenience nd poket .
Earlier people used to bses , txe , autos for reaching office , scools , colleges , spping ec .
Which ws time consuming an obliviously cheaper way of comutin from one place to other .
Sice today worlds is tme saving wol hence people do n't are bout hei ockt .
Using pronal veihice is more convenient to the than using public transport .
So th public trasports importane is reducing evry day .
If it so ther will a me hen igle eople will not interested for pblc transport .
This ha tremendous impact on other aspect .
uel consumption has increased in few years .
Net of ar nd bikes is reason for avy raffi jam ery ide .
Rato of road accidents hs een increased in fw decades .
People not ev care about safey parameters while driing on road .
I us ay that ubic transport is ife line in oay worlds .
PUBLIC TANSPORT
Pubc transprt is a very usful resource , y ca trave without polluting te atmopere n it is very chap .
But , why it ill disappear ?
Noadays , we usually travel ey ften to an diffren places , so for us is mor cmfortabl our cars , t for th tmospere n for our allets , it is n't .
Uing public trnsprt we wll avoid trafic and so mny acidnts , so why we do n't us it mre ?
It wll be a ret advnce for pole and for the tmosphere , a as well for the ontries because we will sae a lot of money
I recomed u to use pubic transport .
I think ta family 's members cod n't be fiends because the relation is ry different .
Thr are mn good reasns to sy tht .
Firty , family is the se of the relatiships .
Sondly , althug the friendship an le are the most important feelings , h family strucures te person and influences their behavior .
I fee my amly in a different wa from my friends .
Alhugh I have a good relationship wit my parents , I could n't think te like friends .
Some people hink that ti is posile but I dsagree becaue it cofues roles in th family .
h parents he to give ducaion to the chlden oer obviousy love
In conclusion I thnk that tw relationship e differet .
ehaps I thnk that his statement is fase beuse I think ht statement houd say that the the public tansport is goin to he in the future because travelling by car is t so mh mor convenient .
I think that traveling by cr is god becaue you have or own sit and in t wnter our r is ht nd you alo a listen to h radio .
In h public ransport ou do n't hve your on sit so sometimes y travel standing which is t ry comfrable and in wintr you do n't ae air conditioning so if it 's cd in the outside it 's cold isid th transport to , sometims you have to tave with sick people ta n tranmit yo the illness .
Otherwis te public transport do n't pollute but t c pollute so r us travelling by car is better tha travellng by publc transpot u r the atospere is beter traveling by public transport han travelling by a
My bedroom is ligh and odern .
e als are ren a bue , on t green wall there r soe of my photos , and on th wal there re some photo of my brothe .
Thre is a edide tbe in the mdle of o be , on this there re th alrm clo and the ok that we ead
There are o adrobe , oe o me nd on o my brother .
There is a stereo syem on th bench and scarete arud the roo hre ar a lot of puppets
Ter is a clothes hanger nr the wndow and the cuains are yellow , gen , bu , violet ad wht .
Nr my broom , the is a litle oo , in tis room there re my red dek , a white bokshef and one glb .
Hello , my na is habba jahd I am fifteen years ol I li in Eypt .
I ike English very muh I like learnng new languages and things .
I am not a natv seakr of glish but I wh th I wil be one y .
ha makes me like leaning new lnguage is how it mke me cmmuniate wth others easily , I alo ik traveling so much as it maks me ee new paces and lern more about oth countres around the world and ther culturs d traitions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student an I do n't have my wn ney which I can spnd it on what I lk .
my dreams whe I grow up ht I ravel alot arond he world , rry a romatic funny person , hv a gd life ad be a go mother ike my mother .
Years o I was ve worrd how will happening in the futur .
About e contamination , technology , besit and other things aoun h wor .
oody cared how we lid .
t , in this moment te peole hink different , is to star to hel h world an
Contmintion is g prolm fo us and h plane .
In t past h pole bough thng , and hy dd n't cre ho is dangerous for the planet .
ow , the pole is more conscus and they ko how dangerous is for h planet .
Al , TV , adi , itrnet , bi compaie hs adverisement fo helping the plet .
Moreover , scools since kindergaten is educatin f clen t plat , simply ik separat the grage .
Obesity and othe hins about hep , is a topic ver imortnt because the eople is dying o this problem .
For xamle , t frm to prepare the food , is on na be dangerous becase a lot food av tificial thi that is no good for us .
To tur to , alredy people ook t food in frm ognic o with proucts mre nturlly without cemcal .
But this kind of fo is expensive ad te people can not buy .
Technology has od thing and ba hins .
T technoogy is advacing vey fast , in the bs way hi is go or us because we wil do a lot of thing .
Maybe , in 2060 we wi be able to go to the moon very asy , ke go to Europe .
Als , the rs will fly , nd mybe is better o the cy .
In cocusion I think tat we on track fo th next yar .
Compared with th ast the people is more conscious and is worries for the old .
As a rult fo ta we going to hv a bette life , or healty and clean for the next years .
I op to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for av good and happy life in th nx years .
No one can eny th mportane of the public transport , but actually tis importance is turn to private sector ranspot .
Ad this imporance of private transport because prite transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one lac to another , also it is he to eep a time and reduce costs which spendin in public tansportaion .
firstly , that private transport prvid a cmortable mean to tavelling fr one place to another ithout sarng stranger people a a nd by usin this kid of trasport lso cmfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good y of traveling or moving from one place to another thout wasting a time in waiting a specfic time to me or en waste a tim in ating a pubi transportation to reach a point it hold ge it , ut in the oth side wh u have your own transport or a private transport is get a righ to choose im of ip or he yo wan to move or stay , and nowadays we cn not ste ou tm in taking public transport .
finall , a pblic traspot need more costs , because public transort ( ch a ses , train ) fe every yea is incresing , a ti problem we do not fae it by private transport ,
e ma gol of the thesis is to discuss he thre dierent chidren 's editions of the rem of the d chamber : ia Wi edion , a en edition and Fen e editio as he object of reseach .
To begin wit , Li Ren edition of the deam of h ed chabe ha 120 nts .
In comparison wth Li Re edition , the ree hildre 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , tte , topic , character , lanuage a so on .
We will disus how to peent te feature in dife aspecs such as education , entertainment , literature d chilre .
Besis , an adaptation is connected ith Li R editon .
It can help readers to eel t cultur and traits in Qing Dynasty .
hi grap sows people ro India Paistan and est Indies enteed the UK , ro 940 to 1970 .
eopl from Idia a pakistan , ae the UK significatly incrased aroun 10 times in 1970 , compared to 194 .
Nw I will alk about te Dama , a Japanes restaurant that as or me a very god xperienc .
First of l , th oo s vey elicious .
h Yakimeshi , he sushi and ll e dished was lke a taste of he real Japan .
Also yu ca see how they prepare your food in frot of you .
Te tables have a grill where the chef mkes hi maic .
l e place was surrounded by a nice ad wm atmosphere .
That mke anybody els a ne level of peasure , in the same procs that eerybody epeat everyday , eat .
It was a sunny day , a special y in my life.the da w 29 Octoe in 209,that a I hd a university admission test at shajaaj university .
Before ts day I was frustrated so it bing a happiness in my mind .
Vey luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
ith alking her fo a few minutes , I becme too happy .
In at I fall in love wi her at first sight .
So I s just thinking how to convine er .
ere as no other option fo me i just at r . dung h ex tme , i s tinking ole time w to communcat ith her .
When the examination is oer , again I started to ak wt er , askng how was you ea .
h told me n god at l , but my was good d e alo added that you may got the chance n inally I o it .
After three days later our result has ben published nd I o the chanc but the girl i n't .
Thn I bcome too much unhapy .
I xpeced if bo of us e h chance then it will be ry good .
But aa ! my dram did n't om ru .
When I a returning from syle I called th girl d talk to her and asur tt I o chnce in unversity u girl says tat sh knw it .
Hi Dunca ,
H ae yo ? I ope that you re el .
Peae , give my cogratlations to your cousin .
I hae my osin 's eddig the next month too , so I am very cited .
Wl , h wedngs in my county usually is celbrae in a chuh .
Te fianee war a ong white dres and th fince wear a lck suit .
It is l ver reigius .
A lot of peole go to a eding because it 's a very imprtant mmen for the ouple , orally abut n hunred erso .
he fod is always in a big estarant hee we eat the best ood of th iy , I rcommed u to om a Spanish weddig .
I hink th 's all , I hope that it wl helpl .
Bs wihs ,
MARI
Hello i 'm Arnau n I am tlve yes old , I li in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in te highshool an I 'm funny d ry talkative d I 'm o freaky .
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I hae bow ees , and blak hair , my noe d ouh a noma .
I 'm really into Ps3 epeially ifa 15 , and an of riding a bike b I do n't li computer ame , tey are vey boring , bu I li chtting on the internet th my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ia
In my fe time I wac TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in e " ap municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon wi my father . I spend money on clothes ad I sometimes spend moe on PS3 games but I spn ome money on my bike .
I realy want to meet ys and girls rm different ountres of the world , I 'm really intrested in practicing English a I wnt to learn Chinese n Rssian , I 'm really interested in earning languages ,
I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
The most beautiful museum in Mxio
ow , It is holidays a we nee or we ant to me the places around the coury .
Wel I explain in tis article abu o museum that is considete : " The Best in Mexico " , but wh ?
The anwr is simply ; ts ueum has man types of momas .
In 18 av been a r for indepent of Mexico any peol were fght th other pole ; or example : guel Hidalgo is considerate : " The fahe of indepedent " and he was to igt with monquia Spanish .
He ge the arms a th city .
Later he wa iled an he rsts in peace in this seum te same oter famo peopl in this war .
The Musum is sta in Guaajuao , Guajuato .
You shol knew about he prize for coming to e useum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) fo hour if o want to say ore time the prize icrease in $ 10.00 .
e museum is e most interesting place in my coutry because describe our history about o country .
If u ant to ae otos the wy free u ca don .
Finally o eny the museum wth all e fmiy and ou can invite sme people fr other ci or the counry .
Article ritten by Martina Aeandra Moneo Pasco .
Magazine : " R CONTRY " .
Football as a fvorite sport
My favourite sport is foball . I ov fotball cause it involv two ea .
Beig a double am sort mes the ame compeitive and interesting .
I am an Arsrnal fc a .
av been an arsernal n since 199 .
I lv Arsene Wenger .
He is a good coach but he os n't lik to y exerienced footbaler .
uyng cheap football has wretched arsernal team seral times because of lack of exprience of t chap playr .
ootbal is an important sprt ha unite nations .
It bring unity among counry .
People from diffenren cultre are playing in this same cub .
World u unites h wrld .
Footbll is indeed a union .
hello ..
mn as shuttle and am really njoyed it when I was laing .
it is one of the exercise for h ody who will ant to become hin .
whn am in the court othe sie paticipats r fear tk off my service ball n am very at my posiion to cove te entire ourt .
coing to the infratructure of the shute it is all about the ock and th bats .
the urt ntains 2 players or 4 players deends on h cot .
each tea onains 1 or 2 payers .
and cour conain one net in between thos players .
they ca shut th cock aov from te n .
if tat cock touches th e it counts as poit to oth te who cn receive from h cc
At present , man people think tha Englih is the wrld lanage d it is abslutely an essential kill to communicate with ter countries people .
u to is eaon , Tianese parents do not wat their kds to sart bhin others , ts , many kindergatns started to teach children English .
It 's december .
But in my city tre is no nw ..
An it 's sooo bad .
On the street thre is a little warm .
Aou 9 degrees , I ues .
Ysteday it was vy idy and 2 ys ago it ws filthy in .
Ye , it 's r weather .
Nobt l Rsia is always ner sow .
Michael just fet nothing different as usal.he s on his way to schol .
he we through the park where hidren playing around .
he saw some street performer by the street .
everything seems so fine , d nothing is ron away .
Michael is a clege studnt majoring in music .
he ov music so muc that he turn don ohe courses just concentrating in msi .
he lans how to composition n plays om kind of ancien instument .
professor sa that Michael is gifte and talented .
Michael may bcom a geat musician soeday .
meanwhile Michael is als a guy of sensiive .
ichal w a homeless guy on the stre .
At first , he just peend as nothing happned .
after all , he caned s mind , he turned to ge the g some ney .
he thiks tha he d e right ting hn wn ack hoe .
Michal osed the dor and knew at that momen he had made a mistake .
elevision is ne of he most useful inventons of he moder wrl .
It is o such commdiy whic rves h dual urpse of bot educatio ad entertainment at on a the same time .
he tv shows broadcsted on televiion play a vit rl in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
I think , I cn agree ith h pnion , that shopping is ot always enyable .
In my opnion it is dependent on tat , wat we buy and with who we go to he shopin .
To tell the rue , shopping is so bore to men , particlarly hen thy go to t store ih ome .
Shopping wh women is nightmarish .
They always run in he shos and ca n't coose anying .
Th they are alay cryng and yeling ik wild oats .
We I 'm istening this , I wn to cmit ha - kiri .
No uture r public trasort ?
wh do s publc trnport some of us us it to se ony f n buying as or hy ca n't buy a car or if they hd problems in thr ca or the do n't ve the od to drive .
Nw a ay with tchnology we have different ways to ransport ike hoverboards , skateboards and mae it makes No fuur r pulic transpot
Aother pont is we hv ou own ars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in lie to buy ticket .
I do n't have to be late for h deas , I can do anything in my own car I an ut music I ca drink , eat , speak or wherever .
I do n't have really an opnion I just do n't ko.we will wait ad find out .
Tell me your oiions about hi sject in cmmnts .
My Faourite Spo .
We r living in ru world .
Al of us have to choose so ctivty .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brshng teth .
We do it or hygiene !
My hiene is uning or mor failiar word is Jogging .
u Fest n !
It is e most siml frm of activity .
Jogging hs isted sin the beginnin of the arth .
I n say that is he most natural move for human .
All that you ed fr come Runner i motivation and plan .
hat what was happened with me personally .
Motivatio for my been 15k run competition .
But I never before ae wrk our Jogging .
So for finish comettion wih pleasure I needed wo out pa itch is ary ay by day out r jogin distance , time , mo during work ut .
First of all it is asolutely minimum , you jst ned boots fr rn !
It is one min conditon , rest of your dress r not important .
hos e fr roect d prevent your ealt , you have got ny one body look after them .
I njoed my favourite sport because I fee beer after Jogin I thin better and I meet loely great people beuse of running .
My advice is : a a lot of vegetables d frui , drink leny of water and run at leas 3 times pe week .
I will tell you a riew of a thillr , the thrile is Hungr games it is about sm captals nd eople ae hised ad play on a game , y have to ill persons fr they do n't kll u , is a movie that have supens because ou want to know ho survey , in h ovie somene lv someone and protect each ters , is ery ut ut on th 3 movies tey are d moents wih the family , capital , Friends , etc .
u ou il love e mvie nd you will want to see ohers one so go and wth that moie .
I would like to exlan about te my favourite port ricke .
Cricket is a port that have two teams of eleven playeres ach ..
I lke very much cricet becase , it gvs immene plaure while playing the crickt .
We can enjy cricket with our friens by playing cricket and we can also hve fun , entertainment .
Playing the rickt wil als gives physcl execise to ur body.we c bowl , bt , field in te cricket hih requirs lot of physical actiities .
lying the cricket will givs relxation a reduces srss .
I ca gve the advice to the peope who r interested in the playing cricket they must ow the all rules in the cricket efor playing it .
My bedroom
My edoom is n't very bg d is untidy .
here are two desk with o cmputrs , two chairs a two bookshelves with my brotr 's school oks nd mine .
ere ae hre bunk bed next to wardrobes .
There is a big window wih curtains .
Finally , there a some posters and sme shef with my ames .
My favourite spr is tennis .
hs port is an invidual sport , en y win alne a do n't win a em , but if you pay tournamets in double the one who wins is the team .
hs ort is vr famous all over h world , but in Ialy is n't very famous , beouse in Iay t occer is more aous than h tenns .
t i know ta a t of oun peopl play tenni , i hope that h italian tennis player in a e years will be ver faous al over the world , then you do n't it yu gn up in a tnns club an you will become a mous ennis laye !
If yo srt playing tennis u go to a famous tenis cu , or you choe e est ennis mstr , ho wi introdue the tennis nd you will the shots , including the rehand , th backhand , he smsh n he serice .
So ou will eome one of the mot famous player all ov the world an o will win a t of nnis ournament , including the four slam : the Austalian Open , the Us opn , the Rola Garrs and th Wimbledo .
Petr looked at his ach and knew that he a to do something immdiately .
In 2 hours ary 's plne was leavng a he a to go to e airport to stop her from oing to Scotland .
He had to tell her h was in dnger .
He we to the garage , a ode on his motorbike .
It a a cluy , raiy day n here as a lo of traffic .
Though the oad w wet and lipy , he rode his motorbike fs and kilfull , getting is way hrough the other cr nd trucks .
My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play socer bause it 's a great sprt .
It is great when yu ar in a cup and goes ry far in the tournamen .
It is alo really n to be with eveyone who 's is whit in the team .
Wen you plyng a cup you playng really much ootball and you are also ey much wit our fiends .
When yu go ar in a u ou ot to la a lot of ames .
If you r ing to begin playng football o nd footblls shoes yo ao need proectons fr h gs .
If you stating th sport yo ed to think it 's unn to play it .
If y do n't ink it is a funy spor y ould ot go it .
The bet tng about football is that it 's a fu port to play .
You should nt lay te sport just bcuse you 're friends doin tt , do it becas you like to ay .
Da Si/ Madam ,
I saw your ad in a newsapper .
I 'm a young u who finised s sud in ourism and ecology this ear .
I 'm also a member of a asocation of tousim nd ecology since I as 10 years od .
I have taveled a lot n I have a lt of knowldg aou trave .
As wel I graduated a liming coure nd I practiced limbng snc I a 12 ears ld .
I ve to travel and I kno at I s bn for it .
I worke for few diffrent companies and asations in pas .
sually I was a voluteer bu I also ws a part of few Euroea Project wher I ws paid fr my wor .
As a person I 'm friendly and I like to do my jb .
My best leiure time would be hang out with my feids .
l like to go to e each with my fren or alone offen .
I enjoy watching peope a childer having u .
l like the cool breee from the oace while i 'm al aln on the she and listenig to my fvorie music .
Hi Alex I coul n't wait ntl I see yo
I really think tat we should go that ne entr that you wro abt in yr lt ail nd do me of the activtes .
I would pree to do te sailing on the rive , becas as ou know I ever learn how to ride a bike .
But we could also ty te clmbing ut it would be better if we coul cibig utide , in te countrysd .
rhaps on aurday night we cou wach a horror moie , as we bot ve , or cmdy .
oever if we not o tired at e time we could go out .
I will realy ik if my parents could tak me to yr ouse on riday evening but I thi hat we ve a paty tt night .
But I will try to convince they .
See you soon .
e future of public transprt is ne of e y iues larg ctie have to ace .
Ctizns want at the sam im efficient and quick mns of tansportatin , pesonalied solutions to meet her transortation neds , an the chapes transportation cst .
Hi , Isael .
How ae ou ? I ho yu 're ok .
I have oe to te .
I ave been living in New Yok cty ! !
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had cages mi city .
Ts plac hs some restaurants and pot r 's wen I an ta with latios and I feel at he .
mei me soo and let me kow ho you are eting on nex holidays .
S you oon . Kisses .
I tnk that public transport is uc bter fr e enviromment than he private .
If te pele travelle more ofen in public ansport we ould n't pollute so uh .
I think at ublic transport is the ftre because many cotries wl have to allow the entrance in their twns to private cars for stop th C2 emissios to t atmosphere in rdr to protect the planet and te heth of ter citizens .
So I do not age wth tis afirmation , in mi opiin travelll by car is uh mor xpensive and harmfl to the envrnment ta pbic tanspot .
After tht is , Elizabeth wa very urprised , bt Jason a a little bit rigid .
Maybe he is sorr she tougt , but why if s is peect , she is everything that a man coud want , so what happen .
-Are yu ok ? - She sy , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming wo .
-Oh , m- He et a little bit of blush in hs face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He scrams and his face get otally red .
He seems different , she neve imagned that Json n be like tha , se fantasy ih omeon , brae a strng , and she never foresees something lik this , bt e fel something for hi , maybe she is in lov ih this gy .
-I'm sory - he reats again u more serius and wt is norma ac - Is case , el is my firt kiss ok ! , I cn iht wt Bloutums , rgons , T - Haed nae and erything ta yo can imagin .
B ti thinks of l … lo … love , can put me very nervous- the blsh comes again .
- jajaj- e smiles - it 's ok , do n't wor , it is my fit kiss too , and I lk it- she mies agin , ut this time , th sil ses false .
Elzabeth aparent to be a very sweet irl , but Jason is not onvince , because when he ss her , he des n't feel nothing , he es n't el ht gravity dsapper , and wen hs fce turn red , he just put a face of horor and surprise , ik if sh was very sorry bout issing him .
Almos at the same time they kissed
-ey , do n't n Snow
- But it 's very ate Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is vy late I 'm goana d .
Th top in a dessmaer market .
-Wy do we are ee ? - rgarita ss .
- I 'm goanna give information to Lucesa .
- hat ind of informaon ?
- Prie Jason is re
- Prince Jaon ?
h is him ?
- he pine of blue cty , he is er handsome , and his family has military studies , threy he is the econ moe erect u in th worl .
-ja amm secon ?
e , te fist e is h " Dque of Venomania " .
-h is him ?
- I tell yu later .
Whn they enter in t dressmaker market , Lresia was n't here .
But the were a ot of beautiful dresses , in hg - th osets wt ligts .
-is dresses re made of textile fier alost everything ere is synthetic ad portable fo eveone - exlain Snow .
- W , eveythig is beautiful , s make me feel li I am suspended in a deam of arytale .
- Do yu want to s e ?
-Yes bt for what ?
-o the dance in e gen alae .
- But r you sure
-Yes , just ait in a fraction of second you r ready .
My favouite sprt is running .
I run veryday .
When I was running , I feel relax on it .
That is he reason why I love rnnin so much .
Moeover , wn I wa running , I can hrogh a l of tng about myself or how to slv some of te probem fom daily .
Therefor , runin can let me feel happy .
In the as , cars a only affordable f te ppr level while for the mdle cls and lower thre are not many choice for them beside al and public transportation .
Since technology and standard of living are improved , may people left e traditional ait in usg public transportation and choosing c for several reasons .
The fit one is to preseve time .
As we kow public transportation has ot a diect a to fulfill u all destinations ten it force us to so in many stations first , moreover we should tae the othr on to reach our dstination so it is alredy obvious why usig a car is better .
Secondly , blic tranportation usually very rowed and mak us o fe safe since here is an oortunity fo us to be eft .
Thn by car we a enjoy th sceny , share laugh , chnge our destination by uden and many ore .
o these reasons , it can nt be dubted if people tin a ca is more comfortable to be used rathr ha pubi transprtation .
nce cars are affordable nowada , a family ca have more than one that make the umber of car growing rpily but thy do not tik furthr aout he negative side fects ta a car has .
Firstly , it leadng us to global warng since th concntration of pollution a hihe in ny countries , morover actally it is not ol leadg but also make gloa warming ater and lso can threat our health .
Then roads re ore crowdd right now a there are so ma traffis so people wasted longer time in the road , hen it maks one of h postie points of using a car is gone and the importance of pubic transportation is needed .
hie in the statement is wrien hat public transportation will be left by mn people , in my opinion is the pposte ht puic tranporation is u future .
It can be proved by now hat th willingness of peple to us public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costl as usg a car , e qulity of public ransportaton are iproved so cizen have no worry using it .
uld u ie me to lp y ?
There is n't a animal on t ar .
at is hadl surprising , it is close sce 2005 .
Yu 'll hae to tk the o by he hrn and et some work done !
In the future , peple will go ou of th Earh .Becaue of the damge , peope on the ground ca n't survive .
en they wan to in ods , ere il be nothi .
Even of t gass ca n't ave on earth .
Thought , u mst people do not be h member of the tam of ave .
Cause of los of dame , but th did n't Tak responsibiity .
I wndr for sixteen years .
An I do n't know if they were change their in in afte h next fify years .
istly , I gre about learning different concpt ecaue ou can nalyse dfferent opiions .
It 's ot necessary to say the same wor .
B you ed , udertand the ma idea .
In othe words , some prfesor wen teces different opics tey explain the concepts a it 's dificult to lean .
Sometimes it 's so difficul sa the sa words for the studets . I rommend re diferent ideas .
Anay , if you read different books y n understand etter .
In cocluson , it 's very important to lern te concept tha ayng something stupid ....
So , if o need technique f learning u need to anayse and rate ur own ods , ts y you will ever forget this definition .
.All out me
Hi my name is Leon Johnson , I am 13 yas and I live in Stocksund Swen .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th Septemr .
I he one sistr who are ten year old a o brother o are ive yeas old .
I spnd mot of my pare time laying ice hockey and golf .
e of the best plce I er visited is Leksand in Dalarna .
( It is my ountr place ) I lie it becas it Is near h water n we hae a big lw whee we py otball , vollyall an have fun .
Three words that describe me is : Sporty , friendly and hppy .
One of my favourite oks a Diary of a Wiy K .
I like almost l music , but rgh now I lsten to alvi Haris most of te time .
My favourite subets at chool is mathematics , geography , and of curse Eglish .
he location of e restaurant is fantastic , just in th centre of t city , ad wi plenty of space for parking .
Decoration is not too modern , ut no o classc , it has a comfortable atmospere .
The menú es very ell constructed , and food is based on local roducts .
Prices are more than good if u conider the hih quait of the dishes .
Dear aros Selo ,
I am rting ths letter bause we need to improve the facilities in te gym .
In the gym they are many people .
The days ta we ve to do spors if the weate is oo we do it outsie t if the weathe is bad we have to do in h gy .
hat dy we are mny people and classes at te sm time and ometimes we ca n't hav te class comfortably .
Art from this poblem we have nother prblem tat it is important o .
Th problem is that so aparatus r rouke and t pant is ba .
For me he soltion to that 's problems e esey .
In the frst problem u have to organis the tie table in order to av 1 class in each time4 .
A the solution for the second problem is tht you av to do maintenaits oas a yar .
I hope ur positive awnser to me .
yur sincerely , Maximiliano Khahaturan .
s ae
I 'm so glad to hear rom ou and I al uld like you to know tha your ide to our n school project is really intesting .
I am exicited about the iea to be with a intevie other students from ifferen pars of the old .
On June 21st Is impossible f me becau I hve an ppointment ih Mr e , my dentist .Can we set the meeting fr the next week ?
He to hear fr yu oon
nna
In the st yea ales at Bnton Electronics wre in e frst qarter of he year 00 nd ireased to 620 in t scod quarter , in th third uarer aes maintain in 620 and in the lt quarter of the ear sales et down very quicky to 4 , as you can s sal were very unstabls .
I us want to express out what I tin panfl , and I thnk coming back to your n hoe aftr mn yeas of partin and seig yr closest person ve depated is the mot pinful feelings ver .
Goo evening , my ne is Lydia , I am a n cor of IMAS .
I am a lcal frm Taipei .
It 's my pleare to be par of you here , my ajor is acually ot rlevat to soial Sciences , I really nt to len more about e resarc mthodoloy of scil sciences .
I think it wil be elpfl to me takng ts lesson at t beginnng of th semser , I believe I can learn a lot from e profesor ad y uys .
Thnk you !
My Life in Univerity
T le in university hve a o of difficult a inerestng things .
Of course , everything always have w - faced .
When I live in niverity , my ie ha become change a o of .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because ou have to accept new ways of tudyng- studying by myself .
In addiion , my major is English so teachers wi teah and explain by Eglish , whic I ca n't catch up on lesons well in the firt ime .
I was ver incnfidnt out myself ad i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to sk teachers or friends .
I alwys try to fid ou reans which take a l of time .
Meover , I need to improv my skills ch as reading , istening , wrting , nd speaking , th hel me to catch up on my teachr ' s lsso .
Secondly , sudyig in university , I hve to li r rm ouse whic make me be homeik , sa , nd worried I hav to live in ormitory with any strange iends , the 're ver noiy ad I ha to shar my roo with my roommates .
It 's n convenient .
Eveyda , I he to clean or ro , wash clothes , I must te a lot of tme to finish everything befo I star learning .
The frs ime living er , i us to called my family and comlaine aout here 's li .
However , life 's university ve many convniencs .
Living alone , I have to manage money wel .
Befre I wnt to py money for smething , I alwas think caefull that I 'm really necessary or nt .
metimes , I broke up nary and I was really worre so I have to pay oey suitably .
Wh I living lne , I have to sve oney becus ere ae many situations which I have to slove without fmil , nd y can becom a go person with mn good characters such as confident , independent , riedly .
Bcaus my family always prepred everything f me wen I lied wt them so it 's very difficul to be indpendent .
But tday , I have to do it , I ave to solve my poblem , mana money , as cothes by myself .
In addition , I can be confident becas teachers requir veybody in cas hae to stan in fon of class and sak Englsh .
Living alone you have to ke friends when yo 're sad .
Studying new esons fm sociey .
Jogging te srt in te atue
My fvourit sport is jging .
Duin I go jogging I an thin about al the ily hing in my life .
When I am in a bad mod I go ogging outside and hear o t birs sngng .
r me jogging is ry stressless .
At n day I go alone r me , so I n cl do or think trugh .
At an other day I go jogging with my es frend , so we lk a l and have fun whi we do sport .
Jogging is a por u a start it vry dy .
You do n't need a lot of quitmnt , so u do n't have to buy a o .
I hink for pepe o are fa , they can go joging t a little b slwlr .
You ave to otic that a go tomrrow jogging .
It is eve o late to start .
Have fu !
It is a hot summer 's day a Agatha has us swithed off t computer of er office for comng back hm .
Sudenly Agatha se , behind the indow , a 30 yeas ' m , he 's tal and wears th centry clothes ; he is Jon , a known vampire ho lives in that district .
He w gn in Agatha 's investigation office for askg her to lk io ome murders append recently .
It s murdered four vampires .
Aatha nos ht Jhn is a daneros a , so h ecides to refuse the charge .
Unapy , Jon insits unt Agatha accepts .
fte the agreement , Agatha me ack oe a in ist place sh al her friend Michal for ellig m to go to e .
hn he arives e ell him th event .
Michael , ha is a policeman , decides to hl er .
Two weeks later , Aata met Jon in the old palace 's undergrounds .
Convoyed by Michael , e ges to him and gives h ll te docuent oun .
Unfortnately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials o understanding the guilty .
Irritated , John now the Agatha 's difficults and before to go away , he all Agth without Michael or telling h another important hing .
Whie Michael goes out in Jon 's eyes comes a red tuch .
ichae closed the door and kne at te moment he h made a istake .
We had taken nch , so we tarted a littl wa .
Then , we saw an ege fyig in e sy .
We had never see such a beautiful eagl le that .
Charlie thught that if he was taler he might be able to take a pictue .
Therefore , he climbed a re .
Suddenl , wen he was ryig to fou the egle with the cmra , he fell on .
Thee r seeral reasons why hre is no future for publ transport .
e reson is that travelling by car is more cofortable .
If ou hre your own car ith other pple , o will save money .
Anthr reasn is that o can hea e music that u le in ou car .
F al thee rsons , I think that tavelling by ca is bter .
My nme is Moik , nd I 'm 21 years old .
I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .
I hav a lot of ierest b my favourite is volleyball .
olleybal is a disciplin wch I practise for 6 years .
An imprant place in my coutry is e Museum of Prado because it is complee with much world fame painters .
It 's very large and has special lights at greek performs om minly .
is msum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual te .
You can see there some of e ot geatest teachers ainers .
The car is ver as
I have a ca and I can go a lot of place , because it is fast .
The public transpor is slow nd have got much eopl .
I peer wa , cause e bus , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
The pollutin is e firt problem r the pbli transpor
Lg time ago , in a mll village in Sin happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
A m called Michal gave us a new machine to wash up ur cothes .
He wa trying to swich it on again and agan but h machin did n't work .
Suddenly , a man in black told us if we were uttng he machine into the eecticity .
Michael face ws awfuly e .
He w er embarrassed .
Michael closed he door a knew at at oment he d made a istke .
Good morning eeryone and welcome to your forite program " u cn also do so " , oday we 're goig to larn hw to ak a ae r h birthday of chldren , as wl as Sofi please tell us at ingredients we are going to need to be abe to ak the cake .
hll on good days and wt we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , fur , yeast , sar , ad lavor of the ake that we wt such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
hile I w ringin the bell the eighbourh 's dog stared to ar .
It lked like afri and nervous .
It was like whher it was waitng for a terrorific ven .
I stayed in frnt ofthe dor during fot minutes and I ng agai and again .
Nodody opened .
I d called Mcael tat orning and I ld im at I will go to his house that evening .
I oul suppos tht he ws waiting r me .
I loo through the Winos n I cld se a suspicion shadow .
I thougt he might be Mcael and I ecme hout hi nme .
Whn Michae sa me he oeened the door , however straightaway closed t door and at ha moment new he d me a mistae
ar Sr / adam ,
I am witin to yo to apply to the position of Sumer cm as advertised in the newspaper .
I am an Architect , I ave 5 yea of poessional experience .
I am aso rt of a charit rganisaion in my local own , we
there are mny sprts and my favouit spor is badminton . I hd lik it wn i was yng .
i remember ta h first present my mother gave me was the badminton acet .
I wa realy surised .
Because I do n't know how to use it .
rom tha day , my old brother taght me to play wh it .
I often pay it abu 2 hours in the afternon .
And now , if a dy I do n't have ny practising , I wil feel bored .
I ee tat it 's good for my halth .
It helps me be stronger and or actve .
As o kn , pratisng in h prts give us many benefits , you can take part in a cu nd have mre fiends .
Moreover , if you have a od ability ou an atend in a competitio to r yu best . I am a mmber of Badminton lb in t city , if you 're intreste in badminton , lt 's om and ejy yourself .
Dea Anne ,
Thanks yor etter asking about the Young pepl are ntrested .
Saying tha , the usc ht they li is op music nd reggton as they cn dance ogethr .
Alo , e televisn pogrammes that ty ach e the reality sh .
This rogrammes a faionable .
Moeover , regardin he clothes , th ong people er a dress skirp nd jes .
Everon wear that he want .
Se you soon ,
Fatim
My nightmare jorney was taking plce in Augt of two hosand and eleven yer .
I an my family were backing for the oliday tht we spending at the easide .
We re gog to gdańsk to eeng n statium that as built for EA European Championhip .
We wr aw he stadium , bace to r and wanted to drve to Bydgoszcz .
Bydoszcz is my fmily city n destination of this jorny .
Sadly our a s crush ... in b and bsy intersection !
This a n't some bg , we still ha four wheels and moto , bu electroncs in car soped wored .
Ts ws very scared !
We ere n't hae speedometr , blikers nd lights , it ws very dangerous situation .
We were stopped on the sde a looked for solution .
My ather was rung for frinds but unfortunately no o cud help us .
We mut tok ri and went to nearest market .
In parking in frnt of hi building very nice and crazy ol mn was helped us a charged acumulator in our car .
This wa ored and we oul bcke to drove .
We we ery sred becau car could crushd gin at any momn .
or this reason we were n't uing a motrway .
Fortunetly we wee aked to hoe ealthy d happy t very very tired .
To prsu a care whh is elevan to Mechanial fie nd expect myself to contribute my experiences and knoldge with enthusiasm a would love to take challenges an be yearning for te sne of accomplihmen .
Shopin facilitie in Moal de Calatrava .
This eprt shows he srts of shop whic are localited in orl de Calatrava .
1 . Shopping cheapy .
It is thoh tt Chinsse shs are the ceaest by a .
We are offered a lt of argains in his kind of shop .
But maybe , the mot important thing is the vaiety of products hch ca be found tere : frm cleaning products ntl a little furniture .
2 . ashin in little town .
Traditinl cloths : at kind of clothes can be expensive but if u wan to live like in the past , you an put on that and yo will have really n lthough tht cltes went out of sty a ot of years a .
Somethg more fashionable : hee ar aso a f cltes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Itlian and Sanis designes .
If you ne somethng for a speal event lke a wedding , ou can go to thre hos whh are specialitd in th .
3 . Famr markets .
Every Saturday mring , thi village organizes a market hee people can buy soe ntural vegetables or fruit which had en rwn up by local rmers .
Tha is the reason wh ts price is so low .
Soe pieces of advice :
-Even thuh you can nd a lot of bargans , do n't snt too much if ou do n't nee it .
-Be carful .
If you look like a forein peopl , lal people n tr to ip yo of .
-If you bu some clothes , assure yorslf that tey fit you an o ik them enough to consrvate .
my own tries al the time to make u tw mr beautiful n omfortable by taking ore care of the nvironment , they provide us by god use whch are rinds to th environment and offer the tiket for tis buses in a cheap ice , they also trying to nd the es way to make te rubbi mre sefl by the recycling , also th peope tres all t time to id the best a for keep our vilae clean;they nver thro the rubbsh in the streets or h gardens , al they take care of e fue in their car to not to be ba for the environment , so , it 's our dut to ake care of or village and the whole environment beside th goverment .
Thee ae any accidentally prblem encountered by nternational students studying in Australi .
It is believe hat the ot imortant one of th robem is culture brrie .
Because of different culture backround , the talking sye of interaional sudnts wh ome rom ifferent counris r rious .
Meanwhile , diferen countris have different ules .
For example , pepe always wal on the righ of the roa in Chn .However , Autralian 's rule specfy citze rve on th left of te road .
Secondly , lnliness would be a bi problem when a pson wh lve thir n country getin away from amiy members d cls friends .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustmed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza nd bed .Acrding to the unfamiiar enironment sudents m lac he sense of security .
hee will ealuat viable solutions to the poblem .
h most imorant way is that individuals hould partipate in student activities wch held by e students fo he same natioalit so that he may not feel lonely .At the same time they can ao actely comunicate wit loca students to acquire more information about Autraia culture in oder to si quickly .
I would ike to rk in a sumer cap bcause I love them .
I wol be fantastic to pen hs sumer in te UA .
I 'm studying teh at college so I ant to be a techer .
Whn I finished my stdies I will stay a long hours wt children .
My best sklls r deling wih pope as well as I am able do two thins at the sme ime .
I ake care of he so it ees me a useful prson .
I thik abou some ideas to help y to orgaze some sprts or evening ctivities .
For instance we could swimming on the beh , we coud .
Eveng we coul el them horror itories besids we could lay with gestures .
In addition we uld la outdor ges and he may do paint abot the landscpe .
About wrkin in the ktchen It is n't a prblem o me becase I ove cookin .
I am wlling to cook lot of diferent meals for em .
I se to ork in a resturant in Salou n it w qui satisfactory .
I enoy cooking so I always ae different ids of food .
I think hat I 'm a suitabl prsn to oo out tm because I am ite responsible .
I 'm an energetic a a respnsibe person .
whether u ad mor questions bot me I 'd be glad to answr .
I 'm a hard - working person so tha 's why I nevr ve tie to relax .
As chldren love playing I tin tht I am a suitble eron to do thi because I am lie a ltle irl .
If yo hae me a chance I ill be very gl .
To whom it may concern ,
My ne is Margarita Varela and I 'm interestd in e Summer camp Asssant 's jb position .
I am in my st year of a isual Ar major .
I ha a special nterest in arts an crafts .
I am a responsible erson h a cope in cisis .
I took a fst aid course lat yer in order to kow hat to do in case of unexpected accidnts .
Also , I hav good sociable skills and can sek two languag , English and Spanish .
My available im is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridas .
he , I was wonderin if fo , accmmodation and expenses are coverd by ou , or do yu ge n kid of help to you employees ? I will appreciate a t to snd me this infoation .
I ook forard to hearing fro you .
Kid regards ,
Maarita Varela
A am of gentlemen is my favouite me , e I mea Cricket .
In my country we follow ricet as a religion .
Cricet is playd by 11 playrs , which include a captin , a wickt keep and rest batsman and bowler .
Player who a bat and bow is lled all - rounder .
Ti game is played in three format i.e. Test Ccket ( 5 day game ) , O a Crick and Twenty - Twety .
Test crict is ld format and I ov this format as it really ests the paers slls and ol bt lyer an t success in this format .
But as this takes 5 as many people do n't have time to watch this ge n is loosing its popularity in youn generatn .
One day cricket is playd often .
My favourite por is football .I thik , this am is he ost njoyable .
Its poulrity spead al over world too .
There are many reasons ehind it to be popular .
vryone is al to joy h excitement throughout of this game t sssio .
he peopl who eagr to play football mut fllow som basic rles wich ae ecribed below :
1.A footbal player should be punctual a hard - workng .
2.He should be discipline .
3.Durng h playig time , he sought to give his ful concentration .
Hi , I 'm sanjin .
Do you ve y Dffrent eating customs ?
If u have any speciall eating customs , ill you te me ?
ecause , It 's my project .
So . I ned me inpormaton out eating cusms Difrent suntry 's .
In Korea , we sualy s Chostcks when we eat eal d spoon as el .
Hae you ver used Chopstick ?
It may difficult for u .
en I wa oung , I could n't s it .
So , I have to Leand to ue Chpsicks to eat .
Als .
we Hav Meal Manns .
When we av meal , We ca n't eat before yor parents also older people srt to eat .
we think it 's Improtant meal manners .
Wel .
Have yo ever heard tamina food ?
Wen yor fe is relly Pusillanimous .
Then ?
We a speci stamina food .
We have any stami food , I think do meat is gd stamin fod than anothr meat .
ecase , Whn I was young , My arent Feeed it for me every summer Season .
A they said it 's a really go for yor health .
So , every sume I have been eatig it for 12years .
I hve to Presentation this pojct next Monday .
So , tll me as son as possible . in yu countr 's specialy eating customs and manners ls stamna fo as well .
Hi ,
I think that for pepl who wt leanig English Wri and Impov it is ret !
I like it ry uch , it is ey useful r me .
I tried it last weekend nd I il use it all das ! if I usd that eer day I would improve in a sho me !
Thank you for that advice .
Chiar
There is no dout that h ma 's lves r vlved .
All haks to new crations technologies , te innovati in t field of medicnes an he new scientific dscoeres .
To my in our lives a ee improved in thse yrs by smarphone , satnav , diital TV , Interne ..
e 's suppoe a teenager of twenty - firs century during the Mddle ae .. do n't gt out alive withu Wi - fii !
First of all in he nex 50 years the popl 's life do n't rsable at all ti .
As fr as I 'm conerned we would be subrged by too ma tools which wll rplace manpower and craft , in addition the globalization ll oe culural traditions of ech cuntr .
On th on hd I 'm or development on the other hand I would that he inovations wl not destroy the old .
Often he evoltion is retun of origins however I ope that the man in the next yer will be to do n't forget th ast .
Apart from ta I agine h world with everything automatic , plans that took me from Ne York to Dubai in three hos a robot insead of he weiters in a resaurant .
To concle I ca n't thnk whc wonderul ting h mn will do in spte I hope make h wo even bette !
Hi here ,
I am writing to apply f the job of camp organizer .
I ha re the aertisement and I pomise yu ht I am th prfec for his pot .
I 'm a vetern aper
ad I know ow to take cae of a camp . I 'm fnn and heerful bt I 'm ls pofesional so I kn how to ae care of the chidre .
I am an experienced cookr so I n also ok for the children , I am also a go singer so we can sg sog together with e hildren .
So tell me what you think and et me kno .
I 'm looking forward to hearing fo you .
Yr friend ,
eter Hansen
I can nt agree wih t stment of " no future f public transport " provided ht the pemis is " travelling by c is or convenient " .
Firt of a , the pubic transport is more rather convenient than irvate cr .
The subway reches most pat of te Lonon , ad people n travel may lacs .
The accessibity is not jus improving unergrund , t also on th ground an bridging .
Theefore , ubic tansport will have a rlliant future .
he environment is becoming a more and moe burnng issue , especially fom many yars to nowadays .
hat 's becse pollution as now reahe critical levels n that 's why we must take it under control and sve it .
We alrady no that a gra part of the pollution cos from the exhaust fumes of he transports that inae ciie worldwide .
Hwever , we n lready fight tis - wating te developing of advanced technolo wic n beter expoit reneable , sustainable enrgy . - for examl taking avatage of publc transpors .
e best idea is sll , obviusly , alorizing te use of icyces .
Apa from tat , evn grater is te pollution of seas and rive .
oluting em is lk endangering the le of the whole wol .
This is caused by the waste of factories , but lo by the damage ht tankers do not only to the a , b to the mainland too .
In addton , what aou dometc wastes , whih ar our reality ? We shld al lern to manage our wastes , because each of us , in or o small , is a great amage for the environment .
In conclusion , I think it is nee o late for svig our wonderful rld .
Why no do it now ?
Hello Joe
It 's good to he from ou !
Well , in my hometown there is about a litle mor than half a milio peple .
The nicet places to go ar te malls , beaue of te vy hot weathr .
ut if u leave te ty about 30 km , there ar a lot of rivers n wterfals .
My best rgads !
Tas
When ou have skl to read a boo and in that moment you are searching or good jb u cn find a lt jobs bcaus you can devlo eas when you opare it another pson tt they have been searched job to
My favurit restaurant is siuated in odugno .
It 's placed in a quiet street , so th restaurant is often very relaxing , speially between 8 and 9 pm .
The furniture conits in a set of chairs , tabes and sm sofas , covered th e clothes .
T restaurant appears very elegant nd traditional .
Usuall , hee is no music in the restaurant .
Th one prefers to leave on only he TV , but often the dinig room is silet .
In hs way , cutomers can hae the chance to hav a coversatin , without being nnoyed by television or musi .
I ind it appreciable : I reall love to tk to the people I 'm eatig with .
espte hs , te resaturant is decoraed with a full se of musical instrumets , hanged up to th wals .
I really like it , beuse I love mus and I enjoy trying to ues which instrumnt I 'm looking to .
You can t differen types of pizza , starters n ast there .
Everthing is delicious and vr tasting , especilly pizzas : tey dress them in my differet ways : I try a differnt meal evry time I go tre .
At ast , it is ot expensive at l .
he fialy elt that sh is wanted that s cou do anything she wants , ad that no one is moe clever than aother , te 're a te ame .
The toghts hic pople put in her mind wa absolutely wrong sh ca n't deny at tose thougts affeted her badly , reched he to t point that made er hte hrslf .
e words th said to r was a iling ne , they lored he lfe in black , ill it 's h ony time to roe to them that she c do anything , he 's goo at eeryhing like them l , tt e just i n't at to do like them all as sh just hated the way .
that 's it , not for being non clevr .
bein unsuccessful in stuing is a orible hin , it affects ma badly .
That as me , I never lked studying , I nve found myelf in those subjcts , but it was n't th b deal to me , I ated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enogh to study l thse sbjects and do well in exams so I a ge hih mars ut th 're al did n't gt th , they jded me fr my mrks t mars do n't form brais or thoughts , mark is n't e only way that mae you great now nd hn in he uure .
whateer , In ih shool the senior ea re in ou country identify your future ; the college o 'll spend yor life studying in a woring by its knowledge , so I g that i sould do all my est this year so my fture culd be ette . and it happened I showed the all hat I cn do whater I want ee if th things I was n't like as they see me , d tha l my previous mark was n't my best . I ot high scoe d entered The facty of Engieerig which was e o college .
People thoughts have the pwr to mke ou feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think abut nyne 's thouhts but y , as you hav e control of yr life not anyone else .
your thoughs a the only ones that wll make te differecs , so take are of the on and believe in yoursel so y could rec the pestge yu 're lking for .
Do n't gi anyone the opportunity to mk you ive up and ontinu in the succssful lfe , Fight .
Hllo camps !
I am Montaña Tomaso nd I am twenty fou yrs .
I read this news , ow .
I am intereted in he work .
I am sudyng priary eduation because I love children .
I uld like to play with e chilren , to pracse sort ad we n anc with the .
I could hlp in the kitchen , oo .
I love cok .
My best dishes r chicken and omele .
I hope that we could wok together .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a goo time and we laugh a ot of .
Hi Le , I trie he proram clle Write and Improve fr a week n I liked it .
Although I do n't have a tacher aailable the , the program helps a t because the correctons aper at the sae tie you chck it .
I intend to write very day fr practice my writing .
I believe that it 's a god thing to share to everyone .
Y should hut it fm th rooftops !
In our earth , Hderds of millions prople living in here .
xept us , her a lso a large number of wildlif .
All of us need air\aer an food .
Humas le also want hos , And transport facilities .
A great nube of bulding stand in lan ,
Evn the please pobably shold beong to anias .
We build road to us and mk e life easy and bette .
However , we forge the oe imortnt tng , The earth is eong to all lie .
ur flat d house ae theaother aimals ot hy are ome , a it is lad to envronmental deteiatin .
We take te thransport eay , hewever , we take away oher nimal 's ife in carless .
THE ERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS E OLDR TAN MY BTHERS , HE A BORN IN 1970 , MY PARNTS TE ME " HE IS GOOD BY " WHEN HE WA A CHILDREN .
TH REASON H I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE AS DETERMINED WN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY DICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FR 7 YAS .
HE HAD TO LARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND IE IN A COUNTY VERY DIFFERENT TO R .
MY PARENTS ND MY ARE FELLING PROUD FOR HIM .
W , HE IS TE BES MEDICAL INTEAL , HE HS A BUTIFUL FAMILY .
I 'm livin in Taiwan , Tachung .
How is te ae to take ae of the eniroment ?
It build a lt of failites fo residents .
o example : Lots of Bicyces .
Ts provide pole w want to go to a place hat distance is nt too lon .
A it face another qestin : morality .
Pepe probably dtroy those kes , d cause ikes ecoe less ad less .
t , fortunatey , people living in ts ea l us these bikes careuly , so we do n't care so much that thing .
Second facility is public bus .
Lae of u all arond the cit .
en students fnish their ass , they ake bt to home .
Worker a off duty , taing bus to home , too .
And when the weekend is coming .
Faml n take the s to ple to pae , intead of driving .
It aes farther or mother me convniet !
Third , lots of green ae .
Tachun ae plenty of ee at the pak .
So when childen ae playig around these ee , hey c fel more healthy wi pre i .
nd that 's alk about h bigr area , Taiwan .
Taiwan h a comlet traffi system .
Train , bus , Mass Rapi Trans , and ir plant .
Peope living in Taiwan , no maer hther you ar local eple or nt , you can s al of these facilitie .
An lots of ity government advocte protting aimals .
Good aftenon S SUMM APS committee
I am Juli Timmrman rom he Netherlands and I read your advertisement for working in summer caps in the SA .
I eall wuld njoy dong this job in the summ becaue I ove to look afer children , larn things to them and spot with tem .
Since I was 13 I 've een teaching children from 8 - 9 years od h to pla hocky and I am still doing and enjoying hs .
I alo would le to do this becase I hav always been wanting to vsit the United State ad I love to spor .
I c work relly hard if s needed a am er eneretic , so I tink and hoe I am the suitable persn fo h job a I wul eall enjoy the jb and lok after children .
Kd rgard ,
Julia Timmerman , Te Neterands
It was directed by Rchard Curts .
Ti movie is caled " About Time " .
h main character is Tm .
Wen he wa 21 yeasr ld , his faher told him something abt hs family 's ecret .
It 's a quite strange souds , because i father , grandfater , and greatgrandfather ha been to travel time .
He oul n't believe that .
But it 's so simple .
Go to a dark lae , and hn keuck the fst .
After the action , he can go to the time in e at .
fter he new the tuh , he moes to London for his job .
He tried to go ut ith her .
So he used to his ability travel time for his famil .
Finally , he married Mary .
After t married , He and i family face a ifficult situation .
He always to ix the problem , ut his fathe says to him .
If you ave a great te wi yor family and co - woer , it is not necessary to ravel tme .
Jut ejoy your day by dy , nd thankfu an orinar day .
He alized tt 's means .
I watched hi moe seval time , after I arrived in the UK .
It 's gd for stdying English as well as e plot .
If you like a go rama , yu wil lve it .
I 'm ure , u oud be ie this movie .
I am writing to tll you about the Spanis militar acaem .
Thi school located in Main , where is in north pin near Ponevedra .
The school is t Spanih insiution in charge of training the Spanish na officer class .
An it has been stablished in 1943.Moever , there r n nly the oal nvy ut also t ryal marie rop .
Students hav to study tw parts which ae engineering pa and miliay part .
In engineering ar , tee ae a lot of labratories , wic is help us to es to understand about suect such as Physics , hemistry or even Eonomic .
In miitay part , there ar many obstacles n weapons r the marine op .
n the ae a t of equipment fr he avy cadets .
Fr example , he panetaium in a nvigae oom for learnt about he posiio of star , ur sall bats use or pactced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedr river , or even the simulation fo mke the situations which e sedom hapn .
To sum up , h Spanish mlitry academ hav a lt of equpmnt o teachi th future ffiers .
On the ther hand , fe years in sool ae not supefcial ecuse nw here are not only he military subjects u also th egineerig subects .
Bt , I am realy poud of my school .
Thr ve me a lt of knowledge whch I ned to use in the future aeer .
A lot of people s pulc ranport vey day in this worl , but some people prefer ue yor own c to go to th wr , scho , and whatver .
Som peope have yor own ca , but prefer use public transor .
Tday in the streets have a lot of as , bus , moorcycle , other knd of transportaton .
l h pope should ue yor o car to go soewere ust hen it 's necssary , beause each car on the treet is bd to r environent .
Al the people should se public tasport to reuc the number of h cr on the street
I now a od restauant .its name " on ligh " it is locatedin Abbas eakd st .
It is large , cln d comforktable and has ir conditioning and iteret wi
it introduces may kinds of elicious fds like meat , ceken , a foods and if y wnt anything different ou il id it there .it is suitable for my cas becuse it is difference fm any other restaurant
In my city tere is an o town w was declared in 98 World Beautifu Ci .
O of te mos ko building is the huruca Earl Paae , h has a edieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of te owers in te city ds no ha ir becaus the uslim took te out ) .
As well is ipotant because during de Civil ar , th General ranco ws living there for a wee .
Tee is an fice with so an hins that he had ther .
If you want o n vis it .
Nowaday the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where yo can taste th os eclusive products from Extremadura .
h present chaer aims to introduce audiovisual translaion ( AVT ) - one of e most popular pe of translation nowadays .
Audiovisual translatin bings a lot of dilems and costaints with hich translators mt gonis .
Bu it exists a variety of techniqu hih heps to take with thi kind of problems .
So , I will eaborate on ths ubjct .
T capte ill also cover e defintion of te ntion of pn a stylistic figure nd how pn transfr fm on languag into another .
In extension of hs , I will evaluate whehe the ffect of the pu in the rginal ersio is aintaied in te dubbing version .
I live in Serdobsk .
The peope in my own tke care of the environment .
The garbage ca re abou ac hoe .
Garag truck pick up them twice on th wk .
There are many a mal garbag cans abt cafe , tres , nd her public plac .
Every mornin spcial track to clean the roads a wlk way .
The advance of technolgy in h as years h been awesom .
Te first comptrs ws created in 946 for John W. Mauhl d J. respr Eckert in the Uted Sates .
In 1960 , coputrs wre very bsic .
They re bigg a heavier than tay ad they wer very expensive .
t keyboard d a lot of buttons a its screen did n't have n colrs .
Coputers did n't have y programmes nd resulted liited , boring and tedious .
In the prsnt , ompters are ultiuncional .
F xample , they have Intert aces .
iFi , port USB , among other things .
hes computers are vey popula .
he a faster and smaller tan beore and you need a mue to use it .
Its creen a clors and HD
Hi Maxi !
How r o ?
In my la week nt to Florda with my famiy .
I went to the beach nd payed volleyball ith my brothr and ister .
Then there et to the ciema a aw the Hary Potter film .
My rothr we to e N leaue and ee the mtch h Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my ous and then I 'm ging to invite friens .
Tomrro I 'm going to play soccer with my fries .
See y next weekend !
INCIO
In my opinion , he blic transport s futu becue this is chepe than othe transpot , also t pollution is low .
The ca is a transport more cofotable thn the public trasprt bt is not ustaiable , t st is higuer and if al pole mo by ca , The cities wi be very pollutes .
Al , in the big ciie , t public transort is more punctua tha the a because hi transport sally has i own lane , while if you use the cr , you takes more bcause there are a t traffic in ur lane .
Ote trasport that cn be ve sed in te ftue is the bke , tis transport is cheap an ecological , also , more and mor t cities ae building a t bike lane so is a go alterativ .
For travelling oter citie or town , in my opinion , the car wll remain t transport most sed , althuh te n tansorts cou change this situation .
F the finish , I hin at the traport ot e in the cities in e ftur wl be te bus , metro a bike and for tavellig nter ties te car wll remain he most used .
Dear Jaes !
Thak y fo inviting me there !
It was ealy enjoyable and funny .
I s especially delighted with nationl musc an Latin Amerin dances .
I would like to invite you to the celebration of my brtday in two eek .
Bye !
You dear , Vitaly
Ter is no fure fr public transport , ecaus travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Now a d , more a moe peope hv heir o a .
en they go ou r work or oher purposes , he choose to drive by themseles .
People do n't nee to wait or public transport if thy were drivig their own ar .
It is no ony convenient u als te sving .
With tese benefits , it ses that there will be less and less people willing to take t ublc transport .
Dear si ,
I am writig to you about the adverstismen on te Mirrow dil .
I am really vry intereted in te job of you umer amp , I hav workd during seve mnths in Spain in a similar job .
I a pak severeal lnguage li spansh , Enlsh nd Rusi .
by the time i have stuid a deree in ournalism .
I am vailable to start to wor inmeditely .
I looking foward to hearing from you oon .
Your aitully .
Rfa
My favourite sot is football .
I ly hs sport ine I was child , nd today I sll lo it .
The dream of ver person that la ts sport , as wll as a hobby , is to ake it a profession , b very fe peole d it .
Noadays I play fotbll tice a wek , Monda and Friday , because r me it is remained o hobby .
I like to ly football cause for me , as wll as n obby , is one wa to stand out of h wod , of the problm ta eer day I have to fac , and at te end it aes me calm and hpy .
I rcommend this pot to l people , becaue it could be , as me , one momnt to distac from the ord , o moment to spe wthou thining about tmorrow .
The fotball could be one a to meet your friends , and to sped time wi em .
Trust me , I 'll be rgh .
My undergraduate tudies in Pharmac at the University of Asia Pacific av me a soli background in health ae secr and chemistry , as wel as trng theoretical frmework , while alowig me to explore my persol interess in pharmacutica technlogy .
Ti undergraduate wo long with th dversified proessiona eperience helped shae the seciic rearch nterests that ow drive me to pursue grauate wo in te field of Idustril pharacy and ave me the opportunity to learn d work wth the ew medicines and deiery ensuring eir safety n qualy aademic and research pportunites fr my intert in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
Dear Kennedy
I am ver grateful for your invitation to the interview .
I am gld to el o that i am abl on Februry 16th at 10:00 . I will appriciate if u could reserve a parking space for me .
Could yu please ell me ow long will be the intervie ?
Kd regards
Andrés Frnández
I Li in gypt .
It has a l of histocal places .
h most hisoical pace is t Pyramids , tey ere bult since more than 7000 years g .
If any tourist deide to visit th Pyramids , he / e hall ejo riding Cme , horse or buggy .
Also having me ptures ll be a great idea .
The pramids are fmous because of he way th a bilt , it wa a geat b by the Egyptins .
Man people think tat or badly behaviur of yun people a responsile their parents and they shld be punished f ta .
I aee with that only in part , because in my opinion thre are some ore reasons .
Frst of l , when children are smll , they are pote and aays listen parent , for xample they e doing homework , going to sleep in regula hours a ak hoe after school .
This is a te , whn parents could ceat behaviour of their chldrn , because when te grow up , they a eginning rebe an do thngs which e good in hir opinion .
Secondly , fr behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact oth factors , it r not only thei parents but other peop , whose surrond hem .
It is a tme when chldren must chose , which people ae good or bad , ich wa they wll go to difficult ituation for exame ty will be drink alcohl or they ill have fu ithut any suplements .
Whe th hoose ba , he could began stopped do thngs wch were important fr he in revious period in their life .
In summary , I wol lke to pont t that the mot impact for youg people have their n , because li is a te whn people only choosng .
Parents re very important , because thy a suggest so solutions , but nal deciso must nertake their hidren .
Grea Wall is a grat military construction in hna , as known as a iracl in th hstory of ancient human construcion .
Th xitng Great Wal remains mainly uilt in e 15th century of Ming Great Wall with a total lengh of 8851.8 kilomeres .
It is a symbol of Chin , aong wi Tiannnmen Square and era Coa rriors and Horses .
It as listed as a worl hertag sih in December , 1987 .
T area of Gat Wall ha ben inhaite wh ny etnc group since anciet .
T development of eah nation and their relationship is the ey point by obseing nd understanding h are of th Great Wll .
Thi week was a ttle bt difficult because it was the beginning of lsses , I got up early to be on me or my clses nd to start wi all h nthusiam in the n semester .
The ext day , on Tuesday was hard f me to get up , ut the simpe fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easer .
I arrived at the school with all th energy , and I decided that th seestr wil be better than the ote .
Thus the clsses hav just beun wit n teachers and other w have aleady taught me .
Wht hvy as tht eachrs have already ien us all homwrk f the week .
aer , I we to my huse wt my mom n I heled her make the mel and did the lean up .
Afer that , I did my homework becue I had a lot of ad it was pretty hr .
So evr da I kept awake .
My dad told me do your bs a if his semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
So this is my wek .
Hweer on atuday I went to English classes in the evenings .
Later , my parents , my broher and I wn to tr around to lax us from all e stress of the week .
Fnally , on Suday I ested at ome wih faiy .
Every second , ever d , every week , every year , h lfe goes on and te uan discovers a ew thing .
The scientists ry to make people 's fe easier but tat 's harmful for people 's alth beause tht make people do n't ov ad oe f .
In future , T cars will fly and be faster .
we wo n't use ol as a fue .
we il find a new resources or energy wic wll be lean n cheap .
The renewable a w energy is cean an so hea , we can se th un ay to generate electricity for houses and cars .
he compters wil write what u think in , e obile will be smalr d less weght .
The touris ill travel to anote plants , h eople will live at on ad under seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC si very excitin ecause yu ned to pogam all , is ie a challlee , lhough u can do varied things . You can be in duy in yo house and el with you boss in t cellpho so do n't be alrmed if your on 's boer you .
Is a littl streesfull when you hve a o of wk .I hope he I ae me job be in charge of security IT department .
It 's a very worthwhile ob .
I agree wih ta oinion eause I do n't lik shopping at al .
I think it 's very silly hen you go to h sore nd y ve no moey .
But you at to e all goods a mybe by one of prouct .
It loos ery stupid .
ut if you ha much money you can go an by omething fom h fact tt u really need .
Everyone has an opinion on ths statement .
Ter is no accounting r tastes and I an not answer for everyone .
i do n't ko my ame .i do n't now my a l i know about tht i want to be a great woman , i wnt the rld to ear my voce , to prove that i can do it i can do an thig i am not weak i have man powe
Micae went into t techer office , but he fun that i tacher is n't here , mae tcher went to the atroom , suddenly , the oor is opened by teacher , a techr wh wore bikini cme into sigt , this incident cme as ite a surise to Michael , she flirted ith Micae , Michael felt xcited ut run ou of h office , but he had rege or his acto , Mchel closd the dor n ne at ha moment he had made a itake .
Dear Bob ,
I am so glad to writ is letter r you .
I ad been worked at lol cinema last summer .
I wou like to tell yu this xpeinece and how I noy working in tere .
As you know , my bby is go to movie so you an mage tat how happy I am we I got this job .
I responsibl for selling h moive ticket and ha a good time .
How abu yu ?
Best regads , and look forward to your repy .
Bill
er Mrs Kate Asby
I am writing in conecion wit the dvertisement r a jo in Geen epper Caf .
I would like to get ts job and I thn I would be suitable r it .
I wn a needed trits fr this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of wk .
In additions , I wn to a ta I always ry to do all my duties wi responsibility .
I am looking forwar to eaing rom u if you e interested in my aplication .
Sincerely ,
m ge .
Once upn a time , a youg boy called Michael , as walking opposi of a beautiful lake .
When , he saw in te water , he found a little il frog .
Aftr at , Miael decided to ing it up becaue the frog was ve ll .
Th frog got well whi I was at hm for two mnths .
However , Michael discovee that it s a bad wizard .
T wizard atacked him and he went away fr home .
icael closed th door d kew at that momnt he had mae a mistak because he lot his hue .
It a a sunn a hot d , Pete decided to go to the waterfront promenade and av a walk .
He ws eling so fe because of the freh air .
uddely , he heard a ih - pitced sceam .
hen he w a woman started to jump ve the encsure !
Pte thoht th he must do something uikly to aid he om cmmittin suicid .
He shoued ut lod o help ut no ne as around him .
So he contace the polic r help immeiately .
In a fla of an e , he police came .
At last , th ife of the woman a ave by the poice d the police thanked Pet f conirming them .
he ne I ost adie is alled Ronaldinho , a fotall pler that in my pinio is t bet of all im .
He n ony n old ll , ut he hould hav wo mor than tt .
He mostly payed th number 10 even thouhg he also played th numbers 80 , 45 .
He w born in Porto Aege , in 190 , n played in several eams like Barcelon or AC ilan .
The skills he me ar wodrful , he know eveythin about ootall , his passes wr fantastic , he pase the al vn wi t back !
en thoh most of people hnk that Messi or Ronaldo Nzari ar ven better tn him , other people think sme as me .
There ae 3 bedrooms nd 3 bathroos .
e kitchen loks ke small d impl .
The living roo hares ea with ding room .
We hv a smal garden .
My mom likes growing plants sch as vegetables .
it l arted when I found a oo on the b .
is bok made me interesting ad I begging reading oe and mre while I read the more I loe it this ie eveythng d not matter to me I wa to finish the bok as soon as psible I do nt ko h end u I wat h n of the book wa amazing t t sae time I do no finsh the bo ecase h ystey to opn up fnshed in .
In h end a lady interrupt me ad I s ngry about th situation .
tat was te reason I do n fiish the boo
Noaays our orld is fighting everyday aains diferen problems , one dy there is the prolem of violence , one day t atmosphere conditions or many othes .
Toda we can try to imagine how or ives n change in h next 50 years , if it will be bettr or rse .
In my opnion everone 's lf will he a great improvement , fo the ecomic pon of vew b also om t social an cutural one .
It is known that in the fuur wll cme t ay in wic n kind of unrenewable resuce wil finish .
ut I imane that in the net ears we a begn to spread the use of altenaive resoure , as t leticity given by the ight of te s ys .
Or in adition , we cn e t energy givn by e environmn , as the id or th inrgainc re .
Maybe her wl be als great w discoveries from he medicine ta will make disappear an nd of diseases .
To m up , I think that we hve to exect a great futr in which men will eain possession of his hoe apability and thanks to it he il change eveyoe 's lives in best .
oday I w at the university to len new things .
My friends are Mariana , Crisna , Fernando , se , Pedro and vn .
Tey are good pepl .
Maiana ove Panda songs .
Cristina really lik ds also she is too pretty .
enando is a yung man , he ies to hea nglis mui .
ose is not in my universit but we are good frieds .
dro is a ood friend , he loves to red books ad he is workig wit ur mthe .
va is frm Mahachi , he is not sudying anything ut I am sure that he is a grt person .
We re from Eador and ie in Pichincha .
I am from Ecuador a live in Machachi .
Machci is a nic town .
I am 20 years d .
When I a a ild I wnted to be doctor .
Two yer o , I won a ce ap .
I hv 6 peole in my house .
We ce om Loja to live in Machachi .
I gro up in Mchachi .
I like to trae .
Last mouth I en to Machalia National Park ith my friends .
It is a free rk .
Los Fraies is in Machalill National ak , It is a wonderful each , the sand is too white .
I really loe ta beach .
I 'm intersted in spot;fotbll .
Becse it 's he most common sport al over h orld as well as I 'm good at football , so I play football it my frinds every weekend always play on Tuesday eveing .
Als , it 's good for fit and hlth .
I 'd lke ving yu ome advice about how to start pying sport .
I tink it 's god id if you buy some kits fo football an training wih yur find bfoe match at hom or playground for wo or three ds .
Net , you can play with anone on confident and control atc .
moreover , sometmes wh do n't you run in h morning ?
In my opinon , it 's useful to ay footbal .
THANKS
I understand at you mean beause cars a so convenient as u si .
Yu can go nywhere , nytime you want .
You do n't ed to care about tie tables .
Alo , durng your jurey , y might be able to ta night in your own cr .
Bt nowaays , ar are one of the reasons to aue the earth warming and i pollution .
a companie t to sprad electric cars but it seemed to take a long me .
And som eopl hae already switched to se pblic transprt like rais or bues .
Moreover , it 's stil poplar to travel long jurey ih trains or hips because the scenery yu cn see from them r totally different fo te o from rs .
According to hse reasn , I do n't tnk there is no ftur fo puli transport .
" Annabelle " is a horo movie hih i am going to watch ths Saturday .
I am wondering if i will be scared after the ovie .
T movie is about a dl calld Anaelle which w clsed in a musu frm Conecticut ere she is isited by a eist wo lesses r tce a month .
Jon From fids the perfct gift f his pregnant if : a beaufull colection oll drssed in a weddig dress .
Unforunatelly , in a orribbe nih the cole"s house was inied by a satanis group who atack tem a leae just lood beid them .
The stanist voced an eavel entity that is capabe of th worst higs ... Annabelle .
After Mia gives birth to r doughter ily , Annabelel ants to ki e .
Eve th pist doen 's know ow to help the nhapy failly .
Everyone is terryfied and find out tha a demon is attahed by the doll .
don't kn the end of the story u i n;t think that is a happy one ...
h a of ths report is to hghligh ho e citzes care of the nvironmet , in order to gve uggestios to keep hi area len .
In the mtter of ht , information concerning wt people do , or could do , e ing to be sown .
ew people who live in the suburban areas hav the following rotie :
1 Check if your dog or anyoe ese 's pet damages reets or grens .
2 Divie e rubbish fm he produts which n not be reyled .
3 Denunce thoe who leae rubbish in t wrog spaces .
Disadvantages :
If th majorty of ctizen , including h oe h li in the it centre , h followed these ideas , his city would hav been surely cleaner .
Unortunaely , deeper problems are lined to the dificult tht all the ihabitants respect those principles .
Sm thought that volunteers shoud involve carelss peole in many poject to keep thir city atractive and mvelous .
It is povn that to be a prt of a projct alway make pepe feel sefu .
I wld , therefore , reomend tis idea .
Nowada we can see tt ac time more blic transprt nd to improve the quality of your rvices , te pple daily ned hs kind of transport go to wrk , go to schol and in general dpnd so ch of the puic ransport .
The govermet ca to iprov the public transport makig a great investmenting lie changg the l vehicles for new and increase te nuber the bus , tris d build more bus sttio d trains stton this kind the action will help a lot he ulity of he ublc transport r poulatio nd ill beom he life of he pople more es .
Tday mny peol prfr to trvel by ca than pblic transport because of the bad qality srvics , e us , the rans are fu and many times are utl rty and lt .
However if this situation nt change nd if ur goernent n take providence abou tis important subject wil be the en of e transort pulic and will more convenient to use car .
I am writing this letter because we have to improve the gy of the chool .
Te gym as many problems hat we are gouig to explain :
the first proble is that we do n't hav enugh aparatous for all of the sudents
te secon problem is about ta same aparatous re not wrking well bcause th school did n't the mnteinace long time ago
For h first prblm in my opinion , the school have to buy soe othes partus because thre a not enough for ll of he sudents
For the sond problem te solution fo me is to hi someone to do th maintenance d y to al of the tudets to tk ca of the machines of the scol
I hope my proposa iil be eful fo ou
I ook forwd to haing from you son
ebstián Ferari
I work as freelancer jornalit , repare reports dalng with a whol situation in the ciy of erusalm , d publish my reports in any of the websites .
I am also committed to prepaing mnthly rports fo newspaper suplement " The Voic of Wmen " whh issued by the WTC " Women 's Affairs Technical ommitee , and I av the cooperatio wt he Environment and Development th magzne ich issued by Ceter r develpent ork " Maan " , annd other eb sies a nws and media orgnizatins .
t world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the globa warning which been t mo importat global roblem it does n't mid to more than tre quaters of the world population .
Curently we hav got more than i diferent types of banks in our streets but as fr as I kno it is not suicient to meet e ned of the environment bcaus wadays we do podce a lot of different materials , al of them overproduced a we do oly learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am n of the ew worrid teenars in he world aou it so I really do hlp the environents as a as I can .
Frist of all at ho we rcycle pastcs , glases , papers and caron , oils , cothes , batteries , organics in an especial comosting bk whe we avoid buning or burying in excess those scraps th othr materials and finaly all the ther things are ends to an especia tip ere we avid to do it anywhr . then hen I ve time an I see a seor citizn in the street inroducing their srps a in an ron bak I xplain them who they have to recycle and wo impotant it is fo our environment carefully ecyle it
A couple of eas ago , I hardly could e any bis in supermarkes and houses .
Nowadays , I s eveywhere bins d een a all i of 3 ars bing teached to p unwanted materials in the n .
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progess my sal illag s d done in 2 years of tm .
Even thou , ther ae not provided seprae bin f different categories of dirt .
So , We can easily see people throwing everything in e same n .
In spie of throwg it in a bin we ls ming sme ar to environment unknowingly .
As hre are ifferent ind of materials , it . soe ae renewable and some are t .
In my opnin , in th nxt 50 ears , umanty ill increase and ere wo n't be resources enough for evrybody .
There will be on another planets , for example th mon , mny citadels nsde an enormous dos .
Tn , I suose that in every country wl be used muh more renewal enrgies instead nlear energies for reassure a seue future for the net generains , an maybe everybody will use elecic car or decrease the tmspheric polutin .
he eopl 's ie will chan even by policy nd the economy .
I oe hat in th future thee wil not be ay war by the economic crisis .
I thn that public transpot has a fuure , ineed rael in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't av to al to take a b or e underground .
u there 's a thn , no ne have engh oey to buy a r or maybe two ; that 's h there 's a lt of pole w pefr he public transport .
erhaps in a future pubic traspor it can be more comfortable fr e rs of the ople ho dos n't hav a car .
I think that hee is n't o pulic transport eause noadas e eope usually us you prvat c .
hs is so adveteges such us it is ore omfortable and fast .
en ou travel by u you must have a timetable nd it is es omfortable an travelling by car .
However when yo go by ca you can take yu car whenever you wt .
Someims private transports is cheaper if you go is othe people .
for example wn you go by car you can go with other eople so you pa les mney for gasoil .
On e other hand , piate transor are damagng for planet because we ut tae ce of t planet . we can help to prevent the cotamnation of he enviroment , if we take travel public transport hich do n't pollute .
At th moen , thee are mor e car to person , it is a problem fo me bause pople do n't tak re envariment .
tey refe to be omfotable .
in conclsion usig puic traspor prduce ls damage to he envirnment an most people prefer .
I ant to describe a amous acto from my country , he is Sergey Bezuov .
He particpate in mn interstin mvies and operas .
Soe of them I s , whn was a yong girl .
He h very imprtant skills o the actor , hese are charisma and charm .
What is moe , he is a god husand n fath for hs children .
I think he dsrved to be famous , bcase he is a very talented peson .
Now he has opened i owned company .
I am plannning to visit his comany .
One of his interestng flm bot msicin , which w popla for 1980 - 2000 years .
His name is " Visockiy " .
Lfe is unpredicable a uforseen .
The immns possbiities of if give us opportunity to explore lie t som imes it lead to threat and anges to o life .
We surely ry or e est le of o dar and near ones .
But insurance is also ecesity a invetabl for peace of mind .It gives us suety to live life scurely .
It just not only to av our ife b also sece asets ik houses cs c .
Th insurance for non accidena deat is known as general insuane a for li is known as life inuranc .
But we sil sold it not bought it .
Numbr of countries give atention and provide secure life to the citizens .but our ountr til ude insurance .
Government should play k rle by providg trustworthy organiztion survyor oss assessors c .
To awe eple by r awarenes campagn .
To provide insuance at omina prices.and clim poloces shud be easy .Give surty so hat peopl can accept an rut the insurance companies .
Fdi can py important rl in it .
It give copetition to natonal compies .By virtue of wih the work properly annerly and give tter ption to policy holders.people ca lways buy nomal premium we should awae them about the yes of insurance as wel as benefi of e insurancce .
Socer is one of the most games in the world and I like it ery muc .
I love occr because we I ws cil my brothers ere taking it te to t clu d I enoy it when I watch them .
In ft , I really enjoy it when I pa occer o many raons .
Fir , soccer is vr fmos game in h orl nd a lot of peple li to play soccer a I y to py like them .
o example , I can watch may mtche a y and I enjoy it hen I watch famous players uch Cristiano Ronaldo with Rel adrid d Messy wit Barcelona .
econ , occer is vry interesti me because when I play occer I fel very appy .
Morover , socr help han body to be ver health because wn someone play socer his orgnsms become strong .
Finay , I like plying soccer because most of my frinds like me py soccer o muh everyday that makes me loe it too uch .
I wud lie to say or anyone wans paing soccer to be er careful whn he plays it because it y caus a lot of injues , t in th same time it is very nie gm .
elo John !
I ra you e - mil , so l 's tk abt books ! I usually read a book on my free tim , beaue I prefer story ha ort articles .
Recent I rea four great boks about Shah , they ere very nteresting , my favourite was : " Te Book Thi",I read it for chool , u I av already saw the film of tis bk .
It 's a ver moving book , bt it is n't ifficult , I think that 's fo teengrs , but is also good for adults .
I love the thing , that in this bo , there are a lo of German words , so I also ould improve my Germ ( I go to the lagages hig schol ) .
d what about you bo ?
What are yo eading ?
I hope ou 'll answer me son .
Bye Sena
Last ridy I 've visited Bala without n plannng .
I usually wak up at 10 am at th ay my fater called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla wih thm .
He suall avoids me in this kind situation .
Nowday he treats me as botheraion .
That is why I a vry surpised .
The reason he ld me to go Blla is Noman will fel alone ther as Bado and he mother is n ging .
I was in a bit esitation latter decide to go .
Acually I do n't ve ough curag to say no to my father .
I g ready very quckl so I did n't do my moning exercises .
We ae been told earlier hat Abul kaka has go a ve ic AJRO Jeep fro offi noetheless h performance of h vehicle wa aful tht da .
It hu down at t road fr sveral imes while we wr on the y .
So I was feling very anxious that if th car ai in Aricha highway .
Beaue I was so sure Abul aka d Noman il prefer Aricha ighway rather than the Singair road .
I do n't feel comfortable in hi - ways fr many reaons .
Tos are e most rsky roads of th cuntry . if there is an alernae y I lways us that .
That 's y hen I go to village I like to use e Sngair Road than DHAKA - ARIHA hhway .
My fathr also uses this road .
Wn I s a youngser , my father and I rde motrcycle to visit our place using this road .
As I ws a kid I fall asleep someims .
ay be r that I ave a hgh regrd or e road .
noman engaed he front eat .
Though he wa unwilling to sit the as becase bul ak or my father hold be seated thee .
But they sist him .
So we four wee occupying h back seat uncomfortably .
he the ca stped to ta oil at a serice satin near ilano , my fther sed me to go h very ck bencs of the ep .
I thought I shoud n't oe as becaus the bechs were disgracful for me .
I fel li I 'm depriving by my family .
If I were in a better position it could o hppen to me .
eople humilit me in many ways bcase I do nothing fr earnngs .
I fud it vr painful when my arents do it to me .
I eep my rin col n try to vercome t situation by thining ne d I wil roe myself . I knw who I am n what I 'm dig .
My thoughts ae unquestionably beter thn others .
ece I 'm waiting for good time .
We reached ur oe at 1:00 pm as well as planned to back Dhak at 4:00 pm .
It gives the impresion tha on ging ad oming in a big car is the ain purpose of th tour .
That w riiulous .
That the I spent ot of my te it Noa th is over talkg habit .
My usual stane wih this kin of person is to listn .
We visited ngar chak it mh anticipation .
In tis season I kike to see the sun shine .
The crystal clear and md u is vr favorite of ne .
hle I ws litening nmn I was discerning that I shuld question moe .
Wh he tlks he a done ay mstkes ecaus of s over talking hat .
at 4:00 pm we e or Dhaka was an early move becaus of faul ar .
I al slep as soo as we cossed jhitka azar in addition when I wake up we h crossed Tora bide .
We stopped r a to a oad sie ta stall to tk tea .
Than we t o Dhaka .
We talked about a ot of things .
Whn we talked to our seniors I tin I should cnrol myself though they talkd unreal things .
Th prefer industrialization over nature .
At th same time th aso kep saying that ature was more green and vgrous in our ti .
A eve edig argument to places a ths we reached Dhaka .
Traellig or moving fro place to another by car is much mre covenien for a man thn public transpor .
By ca yo a go whenev yu want on tm wit no ned to wait for hours at h statins for s or subway .
It is fastr a leaer and uc mre comfortable .
For xmple , if you are in a hurr and want to cach h place ou are eadin to , you an rie as fst as ossibe .
Yu ca have some other coices that yo can sp to buy something : ter , juice or snack if you get hungy your ay or thirsty .
You even can take a re r awhile leaingly to sleep or to hve a n .
You wold n't suffer anymore rom the toube or annoying stf on bus most of th time ie : no room for you to sit , bad smell eope can ake , or ge bothering or bushig .
It 's convenient areay .
u , on the other hand , becase of rcntly traffic as been terrifically unbarable ; ca are so many ; very noisy , unclea air produced as beome e pblic transport etter to ave eath .
In all over the rld popl always ed dvices to eep looking after eir environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in chools nd universities providing students by tips that shod help us to mae our environnt len .Second , they should make awareness campaign about environment ; fo eampl , telling people to put their rubbish in ste papr basket which helpng workers to recycling it easi .Finally , to sty healthy we need a healthy environment .
I usd to find a ug - fu sensei to teah me .
But at th region where I live I ha not found .
Sndly , sarted krav maga clss in a g close to my house .
I did t think two times .
I ent there d sang .
I dicoverd a n wold .
It is a ood self efence ... it is objct , simple and ast .
rav maga aches w to conro uselves in har situation .
Somtimes we r with people tht we love .
Wn someone wnts to hut our relaive or riends , we must do somehng .
There a a o of d peple in the street .
If it a o tue , the fe uld be so btter .
he most exciting da of my life was when I d my sister discovered tat we would snd one week on a cruise with our fiend ! that as a very eautiful Holidy !
We spent a t of time together eery day ; we visited some fantsti ciis in Greece like Santorni , Athens and many others .
In Italy we also visited Bar and Venice too .
ery ay we pnt te on the beach nd acros e e .
ver vening we et to te restaurant on te cruise .
Meals we vy oo n lso in h morning I t English breakfast or gs and read because I wanted to chan my outine whie I ws on the cruie .
I think it 's he ost exciting holiday I 've evr spent a my favouite too .
I nd my cassates with r teachers nd othr casses wen to te cinea to se the fi " Fantasic Boccacio " .
It a an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class nd ee in a film what I have tudied during the Italan lesson and understand beer the storis of Boccaccio , oe of th most important Italian rter .
Seing the film we have had h possibiit to watch the characteristics of th main characters of Boccaccio and the differet laes where te stoes tk plae .
In my opinio te il ws ad in a vey good way : the registers of t film ( they re w ) tell us fe novl wth only one ain protgonst : h lv in every situation .
The rgisers of the fm said that they want to creae a il without time , an tey wer bl to create this .
he scenes of film , he cstumes d the msi e very beutifu and I suggst ts film to a of my friends .
According to the pt centur , we he see lots of hnge in te wrld .
It 's obvous tht nowadays is realy different fro 50 yea ago , so we can redit that t people 's lives will change draatically in te next 50 years .
When it comes to change , we can tin of wat way of ur lives is still inconvenient th it ca probably change .
Mos of the labours il probably ha be reesented by machinery , he eole who is ck of acaeic might be vey hard to get a ob , the knwedge mgt be deman if th pepe ie in the fture .
There r soe ssue tht make worried , te environmet is gting wrse , we have to cme up wth the meods to ove this and save our Erth .
The reationsip among t countries is alo significant , as we cn see disord is among the contris , hoing tt it will nt daw te w .
television entrtais as ll as it will educate t peope .
The days are educatn hemselves by watching the tleviion .
Televison nt ly provide entetinment it will give ots of informatin bout h happeins around h globe .
hanels like national geographic and animal planet wi te us the aial ehaviour and the origiation of species .
Few programes some inellectual prgrams will icrease t creativity of the peple
Whe Michael wake up that monng he feel , a strange smll in the air , he do not knw at is the ogin of ha stage mel but , in his ooe , he receive a kind of sign something ad hapeed .
Ver quicly he wn of and ry to put of hi had of that sensation , u ... t ell , th feelings , the sn ... bt " what ?
ha is hat ? " he thng .
He star watch e kds thee running , playing , laughing a lot , the same coupl of yesterday talig abt love , t sdnes in the city .
Wth a get efor sat on on the grass , he feels ied , and has a little sensation of pain in hi bson , site there with many sounds on ai , he st real ... hs fa is chaning is dark , he hs now a clear mage of all , when opend th or of the house hi girlfriend is thre dying on the floo , Michael remmber ll , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knif ... the blood ; but Michael cose the do and knew at that oment he ha mae a mistake .
he diabetes is he incrasing of t glucosa in the bood , he he t types , first the Dibetes Te 1 tt is predent in childrens , pacien needs insulne every day , so this diabetes is caus by h destruction of the insuline realized by e person 's muny sie .
e Dabees Typ 2 is prsen in adults people , the insuline is generated but hs no work in the ody , so th amounts glucose is storage in th bdy .
Th diabetes is ased by e bad alientation of th people or becue he people ve a bad lie .
So it is necessary to a vegeal and fruis and als to do eercises .
My ie is that plic tranort is good becus it ha prevnt olluton which is good for te public .
May people can thnk travellng by car is more comfortable o them .
Hwver , they must undestnd tavelling by ca is not n kid of exercise .
if plannd to travel by publ trasport peoe wil walk to bus stain d get wn from the bus and alk for necessary thing .
So my pinon is good for oth paries
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , op you kno me .
Hope this messge finds you in good health 
On 25th Janury 203 , Vrinda ame in to my life .
d I want to give a surprse to Vrina by sending hr a short movie .
If you gs oud shar a ulity , memry or y evenfu time tha you shared wth her through video message wol a rea fvour to me .
Please record your mesage n sen it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.co befor 24th ve .
I kno it 's too lae but hope ou uys wi support me .
Please do n't tl Vida about it .
Thanking you
Rosevel
Hllo Max ! !
I was wating for u ema .
How e you ?
What re you doing ?
Do you do ny sort ?
I this wk , I went to the country Is wa very funny eause we went to he cinea ad we t in a lot of ifferent restaurants .
By I have to go .
ee you son
Hi rders of internatonal sports mohly magazine .
I wroe to sponsorie my favorit spr , the most beautiful sprt in he World ,
basketball .
basketball is a complete sport , erobc and anarobc .
it 's a tm sport , e tem it 's me of 5 people and you need a ball and a hp .
I njo this sport beuse I ve eam sports n games with a al .
Some people sa that bast it 's only for tal uys
but it is n't true , in the A ague in Italy we have diffent plaers nt ery tal
lke 1 meter ad 60 , so if you loe this game o a play it no matter wat
find ony a ball and a hoop nd pl it .
If yo want to start this sport , find a friend that a teac you he bic movemnts and w to pss and ot
than e practice makes the et .
if you trn and you ave wilpower nothg can stop you .
Nwadays basketbal is spreading around e World .
I hope hat the aout of payers will increase d increase every ay more .
so let 's lay basketball .
Rya Gordon oes ll spor but he woks ar at scho o .
At he oment he is doing hee A levels at camden ollee .
He is ging to go to univesit nex yea .
At he weekend he usually plays football or baskebal an this year he is lening o to rch climb .
He goes twice a week to te loc limbing cntr .
Scool is finisin in w weeks and next summer he wants clibing in Sotlnd .
I have e best fred when I was a student at hgh scol .
We studied hard together to prepre te university exam , shard abou u problems nd amost things s relatived wih us .
It 's grt time for me .
He made me apy and afe .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
The first yer of the unierity , I shoed my ove to i .
nfortuately , he refused me .
I h an affir ov .
ay by a , I tried to forget my loe in his quiet .
I id n't all , sn messag nd e h .
Although I dd ell fr a ng time , e day , he cntacted gin with me , so I dd n't ignore i .
He said that he wanted to be the es friend as beoe .
u no , what I can do it ? I still loe i , ev my love eome bigger .
Wht I sold do ?
Should I sho my lve again ?
ast we from September 11 to eptember 21 , we had a inivactin .
From September 11 to Septembr 14 , I did nohing besides watching TV , takin cae of my ttle sister Ellie and cht with my friens .
On the rest of t borg ek , I solved a 1000 iees puzzes .
On Sunday , my family and I nt to Causeway mador then to Albrook Ml .
Aftr e exms finished , I went home and had nthing to do , so I thought that I neded to watch my dras bcause it wa a week I have't wach hm due to the exam week .
So aft watcing all my draa , I hd notng to do .
Fo Setember 12 to September 14 , I ws too lazy because I was tired of the exam so I as a y layin on e soa doing noing apart of watching the TV and hat wit my friens .
Besides I need to tk care of my litl sitr Elle , who is very cute and funny and right now she is always trying to get up ad stand and wk .
On he res of the orng wek , I was watchig TV and suddenly my cousi fud some pieces of the pzzle nsie th cabinet , so I decie to sve my Pari puzzles wi my sister , ich was es than a af sold or aot one year bu it ad to much color in the k so I id n't finihed thn a ye o .
We bgn to solve it again ad took us the whole wk to fiish it .
While olvig te puzzle , I cided to count ho mu pies w ft , fter countg them I ralied that fe pieces wee issin .
I was too anr beause I was finishing e uzles a fv pieces er missing so I bega to searc the whle house f the iv pies but did n't find it .
On Saturday , I inihed my pzze but ih fe pieces missing b I a happy o .
I inished it .
On Sunday , my athe planned to take my woe family to Causeay Amador .
Also my uncle , nt , granfathe and usins went ith us .
Ater riving to the aseway , my brothe and my cousn went to drive bicyle for o ho .
I a hing ht my ather cn teach me to drive the cr b was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't wnt to return to auseway Amador to teach me dive .
Mini vacation can be un but sometimes boring becuse you ave't planed anythig for the vacaion .
The best thing I d was to sove my beautiful Paris puzzles and went to Amad wi my family n have a good time it he .
Mni aation are a reak for us to ave a fun nd good ment with u adoral and lovely family ad friends .
when I as hld , I wore usually bu , grey n red colours .
My bedoom is blue d onge , the colours of my oys whe I was chd ar different .
I chose always my clothes becase oy me now my avourie clthes and en I was child my oys .
Now I wear iffrent colours fo example back , lu , grey nd oher .
Mae they will change
Pompei - th destroyed ity
I 'm sr you 'll gree Pompei is the most impotat archelogicl sit in h world .
It was destroyed by a vulcanic erpton in 75 BC .
Vesuvu - this is th vulcano 's nae ! - cverd it wi a t of cinder so tat alls , houses , food , lothes , corps of ciizens s bee prservd as ell ey were .
Yu an wa trough the sae streets and enter in the same shops th rmns entered ome ceturie ag !
It is n't inceible ?
Beside is possble to bo special tours in hich there re guides dresd like ppei 's citiziens .
I love the overnight tour , in which oly ies light he ruins .
Tee is an nque athmosphere !
In my opinion anyone could n't ome to Italy wthout visiting Pompe .
If you ce , I roise you 'll never forget it !
I do n't think thr is no futre for ublic transport .
Especially in rban , fo example , Taii ity in Taiwan .
People ho lives here alos knw the convenient public transport called M , it 's at , cheaper ad does n't have to find the parking lot .
Besides , it 's hrmful and makes eart environment more wrs for emsion so much carbon diode .
Tht will cuse the glol warmig .
So , it is ettr to e pubic transport .
But , if u live in the cuntry , car ma be essential , bcuse it 's ill spend so much money to buy the tikes if their family have man eople .
So , I tink e gvernmnt should hae to draw a propsl to solve the problems betwen e use for urban ad counry .
A hin eely the proble about protecting the environment .
I lov my small family .
My family ember are ery helpful nd supportive .
My parents e very support .
My prnts are my best frieds nd guides .
If an problems faced , i 'm we to my parents an a the problem , tere are solve the problem .
My faily is my world .
My parents are the good guides .
Tere re my role odel.so ims we were go to the tour pogams , it 's vry happy momet .
My may od the stoy in ight .
o make the spcia foods in festivals .
my family is a nuler family .
My family is gret .
Steve amsy work in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D a live in Washington D.C. after h Battle of e rk .
Someday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent was attacked by t host .
After that eve become an America captain to otect the wrld again .
But he doe n't know he is involved in a conspracy .
He mets a strong opponent who is nter soldier en he want to fnd ou e wireller .
Walking eey day is wa I njoy .
Besides to be an excellent exerise , is also he more comfoable , because it allws me to concentrate , to be ith mysel , talking and prain to God in each step in the mornng .
I ke up 5H o'clock in the morning ,
I consider his is the be te to do sport , taking into ccout tat th plution is dn at that ime .
hee is o so much traffic , and my senses d lounges perceive and respire all e smll that flower , an , the Fist , I lk slowly nd hn I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my iness and I nd walkin 5 turns in e park .
Wat I really enjoy it is to lie in the gra .
It is in this mome when I g to talk to God .
I feel that he is nr to me that he listens to me every wr ta I pray .
Dng so , I begin my outin da , ome ack home , ben to do my brekfst , followed by the lunch , beaus I ave to get to wk at 9H0 o'clc .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of ach one , that ding it each morning improvement our health ad mov away al h b of ur body .
he graph elw ivs infrmaton about seasona ale r ic - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pol in Ja to Dec .
veral , averge of 5000 dollars of year bou c cream va .
In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slighty declining from 2012 to 2014 .
Firs , h gaph shoed an upward trend to ie ream a , and in 2014,it has h lagst ercentage of sal nearly 00 dollars in Jul - ep .
No matter wha year , its lowest lve always in Jan - ar .
y be becaue this pararaph of time the weather as cold , the puhaser greatly reduced .
We can be seen from the diagrm , th hghst peak in the has incrased yar by yar , as the low as .
Secn , for ndoo simmng ool , it nerally aper wvy falling , from 2500 dollar in 2012 to 200 dollars in 2014 . We n infer , it ll not ie sharpy , an it is impossble to fl sharply .
Most people like to have thir own car , ecause they think is re comfortable and flex .
Yo c go out from yor hose and take you a park and leave to yu jb and park very cse .
But I think that te future is t pulic transport , we eed preserve nature , his is an imperatv for our wrl , hn the slutin have to tk the oin that te government do ore invest in public transport , so e peole do n't need to get a a or being abl to have a job d do n't ed it fo normal development of eir lves .
As wll , we ve to promote that he people ge jobs close teir accommodation or gt he acommodation cle to the jobs , becas we he too much pollution and we could reward the companies tha ie stf lose to th lace of job , mab in a circle of 4 kilmetres , as well we oud reward the eole that tn teir accomodation fr live ne to te job or for going thre by a bicyce .
Mybe ths soud a bit crazy , t whateve solution wl be go , we oy mst make our minds up for abl to look across .
What the fine weather today !
What a fine y !
It 's April no , a sprng is finally .
e sn shines bright , sw hs meled in the Mrch .
ids eturne from warm outries .
Th sing joyuly and build h nts .
Pepl lok happer .
They ee tired after long snowy winter .
In the arh we set forad our watch an hour ago .
Summertime w first converted in 190 year .
ys ae getting lnger b night ae getting shrter n lihtr .
We convet ou watches an hour ago in Otober .
It 's plased some people because thy will be bl to slep an ou more .
I like sprig and always wait for it d wait for summer holidys with impatience .
Sumer is realy little le .
As soo as I pas al xams I wll trve .
As tey ay in English proverb < trave broaden the mind>. In sumer you can switch off of daily routine , relx , hve a lk with friends .
I did n't decd as et where I will pnd he summer .
It became a bg problem n .
I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .
Howver I am soppe last tragic developments in foreign countries .
I hink , it 's betr and sfe to go to Blak a , to Cimea or to Kakas .
My friends have bought tcet to Sochi e .
It 's the bs , th mst bautiful n th ms cofotable resort in he Sou .
It 's possible , I wll join tem , because I have ner ben in Sochi and everyone should vst thi oner city e time of their life .
Wh is my favoite port ?
We , I 've plyed mrtil as .
I 've been dng that for around twent yers .
Some artil arts ae not relly ports .
Th 're mr for sef - defense but for what I do , ad my y to st healthy , is martia ars and running .
As far as watching , ha 's a good question .
I would upose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sort for atchng .
I 've never ried it myself .
I would hve to robbly be three times as big as I am to even begin to ualify o something lik that but , yeah , I enjoy wating it a lot .
I have to start saying that I never imgine swimmig like my favorite ort , because until my ck 's nury , I practiced ther sports , I most like extme sports like downhi , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujtsu or ninjsu , but for my injury I have to tart swiming and n I oe it .
he thnk because I eny these sport is I feel fee when I am in t water , it is so relaxing d I red it is the most completely sport beuse y work the whole bod .
If u want to star wimming I tink y should loong f a wimming teache becuse if ca n't swim , ou must need it , and if you can swm but not well , if you ar not on pratce and know ur swim style is t he est I recommen u a professional assistance .
Mo time that u do n't ve that assistance is going to be me difficut imrov your style ad enjoy swmmin ore ecaus if u reay know hw to swm are going to have moe resistance in th ater .
Last ek was a hrd week o my wife .
She wor at a language scol in loal Univesity .
It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so h has be strggle with a lot of work n stdents .
I tik , that may t easo she h th Sleep Paralysis st night .
In Korea , we cal it ' Ka - We - Nool - im ' whic means beig pressed by ' Ka - ee ' ost .
Y , she acully felt as if someone was pressing dwn on er cht by hands .
ve he a n able to li sngle figer ti as if she wa turned ino a stone statue .
Sh opened her eyes .
Then , h ralized that four indistict stanges were staring at hr as stnding just esid bed .
She wa so sred and frightened .
She rid screaming ad calng me w s sleeping peacefully besde at he .
Bt she cud n't .
She could n't opn mth , sa aythng at ll .
Ee wore , two of em started whispering on e eas , di … di ..
Well , ctually it did n't hapen .
h us dreamd a terible nihtmare because I a n sleeping .
I was watching a YoTube clp by my iPad .
Se reroached me for not awaking her up despite h h een calling me so eagerly .
Bt it is nt tu .
She hd n't called me at all .
It ws us a drea , vry rea like .
Ms of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
They think they realy opened eys ad awaken sine it is too vivid an detailed .
Oftn tey explains n describe the cee in detail ik a cup on tble , friends h wachin TV beside them , room ligh an so on .
But noting is real . They realize ta no cp is on tale , no one is at room , and t lgt is of .
Commonly , he dreamers say ht ey ;
- experience wn they are so ird physically and so stressed .
- fee drwning dw wen ey are bout falling in sleep(so they now it will appn )
- feel a lot of prss on ody and can not mve in dream .
- see omeone or some people as standing beside or riding on te .
- feel te dem is so vvid and real .
- epatedly dream again if tey rarely awake themselves .
Some experiene so easl and ten .
Most scary case I her is that the ghost plld hair into une bed as stabbing est ih a sha gimlet .
Luckil , I have never dreaed it .
Hi ! My nam is Cátia a I am a student of electronic engeneering .
I am on third year at t university , I do n't know wat will be the mste ta I go to mke , but I want a maste reaioned ith programming .
I av many difficulies in programmng ut I think that if I work hard I cn to n my difficulties .
o I am on Christmas holidays . I have to tud so much .
On las ys I n my roup made some experiences o our project .
We ue some resistors n a sorce of to hundred a thity volts to corol the temperature of war .
Initally , we had sme proems because the resistors did not inease te temperature eough to wrm e water .
The next we we go to prepare some material fo to resolve this problems .
ut I lso hae other aks .
I wa to mk a riew about my ook aout Ngeria an ad aother oo bot robbots and thir mchanism .
I go to try read this ook f to evoluate my engish , because in the utue I intend to make e first certificate .
Ths is vry important r me bcause when I wen for a company I will nee a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
How ar o ? I ha receive yu letter in tis momnt .
I tin that y can to co to my country when you want because I ill help ou .
In te first place , I think ht yu must ook to nternet . ou would se difrnts ity of country and y a chose t best .
In my opinin , yo must go to adrid or Barcelna because its are me atractives .
Barcelona is i nd there ae a lt of indtries so hee a lot of jb .
Also , Maid is a ice city , you can to find all hings that o need .
In Madrid there are some jbs too and you will be ear me .
panih 's food is antasti , althouh there ae a ot of restauat for eat ou and i thin tat the ood is more exensive than your country .
If u do n't lke spanis 's food you can go resarant h other ountry , but i know you ove it .
On e other hand , people is frendy as you know , becase y know some panish persn .
y must come because I hik tha my untry would yo le it and i alays help you .
I ope to come ou hee .
Take ce
eter looked at s watch and knew tat he ad to do omethin immeiaely .
He cked up h ey and came u fast the home .
By the time he was oing down t stairs from the fourth floo his neghbour Mary stped hi .
Peter was very wrried .
He eded to arrive at the Train Sation on time .
Despit t urgency of taking t tran on time .
He ws kind a spoke with Mary .
The dow won ho was very ice gave a preent for Peter .
The yong Polish er grateful replied to te won : " Tank yo , it hasn't to make any present "
Mar smied to Peter and said:"You are welcome , now , you ve to enjoy yu amily .
Have a goo jurney " .
It was a it for ter to leae Bath , but he had to coe bk at it ounry .
Dear Jo
I 'm so ga you ce to my country . I 'll give you me suggestions , hoin that you can hv a wonderful ummer vacation !
If yo want a short - term job , I hik a restaurant is the es one fr yo .
It not only offers gh salary bu alo the employe there is kind .
You must c gai a reat experience .
When it cme to ravelling , yo can nve miss igh markets .
At here , you ca hae a ase of cuisine frm al aroud th world which will mke you freshen up .
Moreover , once yo hae a bit on sauae , you st fall in love it it .
If y stl have n queston , just call me .
I will he yo as much I can .
Hope you c he a good tme .
Best ihes ,
Paulina
Peter lokd at hs watch nd knew hat he h to do something immediatele .
He had forggoten to go to hi English casss .
It was half past see and her las beun fifen miuts ago .
La wee her mthr told her that he ha to go to his clase if he wand to hg out wh hs friends .
He already kw that he wa le but he old o go now , so he decided to cht her mothe .
He dd homework from his oos so hi mother migt believe it .
But he did nt raise somehing , His lite brother s wching him thugt e window .
hen he mote ae ck fr work , her littl so tod her hat h brother ad done .
She was ver angry and she cold not eleve tht her n i tht .
Afer that Peter did not hag out for thr month , so he an len he lesson , Yu mut o lie or che to you moher .
I think ta the publi transort always going to be so mportat in r life because not l the pele have e pssibility to u a car becae the public ransport is me expnive ta a ar , so for tht reason he public transport in t future could be exist , becse pubic transort is a necesity in al h world not only for the mone but t for the facility to ake a bus or n othr public transport
Yeserday I wt to te Ulstr Museum in Botanic ardns at 2 pm .
I wt to nature stion , which is interesting as it is abt naural aspec on arth like elements , rks and perios of life relatd to organisms .
The section w bg and it had a lo of ifomation in a scientifi maer , soe etion d complete informtion pt wie ter had not .
Begning in e of t complete art that I preferred and liked I 'm going to wite about te Ice age .
It was a period of time in erth 's istoy hen temperatures fell globally , cusing ce sees a glaciers to fo f from he noh ad south pole .
¿ What did you larn about debates ?
Mel , who was a teacer fo yng people .
Tch aout a dates .
How be a god debaters .
He ues a rul for dbates : prepstion+ result = positive or negatie ( Why )
ver debae hs a ot spot .
ot spt is a place ere e debaters c exain th idea .
Hot spot helps to ge mr seurity .
Always infront on your public .
Th sult dped : scuity , volume in te voice , by posure and public .
The ai idea is kee he body , tae t mind .
The great debters , have to believe in your ie .
Does n't matter th dea , only t arguments .
I do n't no is n't anwer .
An Imortan deal , is never ut .
Alwys ight if you want .
bates is a coba
Pee hs just ot out by school a he ealied that he 's overdue fo is weekly guitar lesn .
ut befre t leon , he a to lunch with his famil and leading the dog from th veterinry o his annual acine .
Peer gets a fst lunch in e mites , other two intes o finding he bk and putting the do on t basket ; at e office of th veternary thre people wait , so Peter is force to wait .
After an ou he dog is vacined and taken at oe , b er mother nees a milk bote .
Unfortuntely Anne , hr sistr , has jst taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until th naest supermarket .
Pter 's mother needs a scial kind of mk without lactose , a te maret bhind hom does n't hav it .
So Peter d to ake a choice : gon at the eson or waiting his fher for getting to take the ilk wt t car ?
After an exhauting aftenoon , Peter h a bit of luck , nfat i father Jck hs jt came back from the wrk , so he cold get to take the milk n givg h a passage .
it a little delay , ut Peter did it !
firstly , I want to introducude my self .
I am a young women ith a melancly 's charater .
I am an introvert o .
I have man problem with my peaking skil .
if stay of he ublic nd wt to do presentation , I always gt nrvou .
I do nt kow why , it 's always aur to me .
metimes , I fes so stpid because I eally ca n't speak in front of the public .
second .
I love bwrite b I not confidance wth my grammar .
I do many isake in ery story I alrey riht down . the wrong tense I used .
I call this mistake with " Du " .
Why " du ? " . yeah ..
because I loe used this rd .
I have no idea fter this sentense .
An excessive amut of ars on the road is not an option as tis could cause roblems in most metropolitan areas .
There would be a tremendous mout of pollutin an taffic jms .
As the population rows , you il an increasng prolem .
Theroe , public transportation is e ftur n mor a more people will be using h metro , publis buses tc .
Cars ar not good .
They have pllutio .
Bu ty go ast .
Cars e re .
Choo choo pdajd
Sot is th activity tat help h pople at ae an optimal physical .
I think that sport is important o discplin in life .
My favurte spot is football , it is a cmplee sport , there are ggession , mentality and fun .
my favourite ootbal lu is Napol , it is th heart cub , o this ta I feel indescribable emotions ... hn I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness ad suffering d rejoice en they score and win the ge .
i dvice at ll people that wn sar sport of thy do begin , becue his spor helps to rw and atur .
wrk in your own company is very challngin bease you deal wit a lot of areas , manage all deartents and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical suport d other skills .
you are reponsile for your okers and t customer saisfacion , However is ver atisfying to e ho your o company is go up and or custoers retun agi bcaus hey loved your j .
that ok oks depressing , demanding a stressful u is very rewardg and if you like he callenges you never wil boed
Dear Find
he o ar fine , kndly be know at I miss you so mu and I hpe to e yu so .
I 'm very happy to know that you want to ome to Egypt and wor in it .
Her are ome tips aout the Egyptian people
they e so kind , friendly , stressed u have a l of problms now days t eve of povrty , sandrd of level , the fixed cst is increasing dramatically ad the purchasing pwer is decreasing .
The salary or the inco in Ept does t tch with this inrease or ts inflation .
So if yu want to wor in Egypt ou ut hav a compte informato about th jo ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , wok environment , position titles , company ype , policy , mision , isin )
Wth best Wishes
Sameh Sabgh
Military service is people ho is forc by the government be a part of the army to serve ad protect the county .
There are many countries which shuld be complte the miitary servce when people who reach 18 such as Tawa , South Kora an Singpor .
T dration of the miltay srice should be around 12 mout to 20 mouths .
Aso , hre are different sctions of raining during he military erice pope generally do a lot of taining to their obdiece or ow to use the weapons .
Thus , there is a cause of agreement an another cas of disagreement hic is freedom of choice a entl maturity .
As is oic , e one of th rson of eeryone shold ot he to comlete the military service bcause h freedom of choice .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rgts tht let the people to coose if hy want to join te military .
therwse , when e pole are force by t gvernent , they pobably ee the reeom of choice is restricted .
So some counties would n frc the peope to join military .
In contrast , it could be the benef that impros ther mental maturity .
If people join the military srice when thy ust 18 , it may lean a lot of life skill as there are quite a hi clai in the military and he chancellor ho wrk in he mlitry a request to he soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
o instance , they usually ned them to fld up a uilt in a specified anl or her is specific time hat you must wake up d t slee .
Peoe sould not be complaining about ything evn if th eem to be igh .
But after a perio of im , people could develop their obedienc especiall to h yun people ; tey will be lkly to beome a more independent perso .
To conlude wit both sides , thr ar easons to effect by people shold or should ot ve to mplete miitar serice .
However ; the effects may diffent whh is bae on ho lngt of he draton .
Hi mum d da
oday I had a tip to a seum and an t gallery with my school .
The museum and the art gallery located in the cpital city .
The musu is hue n bautifl .
I reall like antiqs een thogh it is not much to look at .
T a galery is nice t .
The hve soe paintings of eonard da nci which is raly imress me .
My favourite pa is listened to a guie inroduc to panting rt .
I ca n't ait to back home an tell yu more aout the trp .
Loe frm or s :) .
hah .
In my cy , we ve not a regula ca for h environment .
The hve been many proects to improv the caring of te environment .
ut there is a bi problem : the people 's cutur .
In my country y cn do a lot of efforts to take ae of the environment , but the bad culture in r eople is a gat problem .
That is because we do n't demonsrate intrest in the prolems of otrs .
We think hat u authorities are responsible r these themes .
Then , we do n't take positiv acons , individally .
We just wai until others clean the streets .
Th eople t hir rubbish in gs and thre it aay ear the hous .
The do n't spend ney in a good container .
hen , h dogs can bea he bags a eat h rubbih .
In this a the streets are awas dirty .
In my case , I prefer to av a can Street .
It doe n't matr if I lose time putting the bgs with rubbsh in a goo container .
If everyo 's demonsrate a better culue , it is pssible to improve our environment .
Nowdays we gow up ih the possibility of choosing a l of sports .
hi ct allows young peop do exercse and enjoy at th ame time .
Do team sors lo help to meet thr pepl and make new frinds .
Farite spor of mn people is footal , instead of my favrite is baktball .
I sarte to play it when I a tulve years o d currenly I til lo this sport .
My main reson for love it is how yo feel when play a mach ad fially yor team i .
Also , I known reat frind h py baetball .
Eery sprt focus on some pas of te bo , howver basetall is the mo complet sport .
It is re tht basketball require a lot of physica atiity , but a good meal attitude is very iportan .
o ca n't be disappointed ecause yu do n't get any point or hve a bad y , u to the other players cn sympathise wh you .
If it happen , you ill continue doing t bst as y c .
To eah this , I recommend do xercise three times a week and ollow a healthy de .
Adoleset ha alwas been t harest art throughout anybody 's whe li ..
turning o in a fleeting glipse into an adl , perceivng t ther side of ife , how tugh n complicated it is , trying to eal wih its different circumstances ..
at this ont you meely hve a ief lo at our whol lif , my questons sining in yur head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wiing if y cod turn the lock back,,but it 's all no od ..
thn you find yoursl standing aead clouds of reality , hic suck ..
life is stages , tis stage of ou lif is timeless , no ay ut ..
at some pot ou sh if it was all illusio , you ned a tm machine akes it possible to go ac in im en yu could s th urity of lif ..
wever .. ere yu ae copletey diffrent ae of lfe lessons , preering to mak a siff uper lip .. owerig in our n reliy .
Y , television entertains , bt it can alo educate .
Teleision can improve knowledge on curent affairs .
ducaion does n't lie on current fairs or related conets .
Television hep us to find he fields that inerests us , like music , sots , moies or nature .
These days televison lows us to se happenin all aoun the ord .
However , there ae quite a lot of disadvanage of television .
Especially , te fak ews speas faser without uc efft .
It depends on the individa , how to ma use of e opportunity .
Watching TV sems to be op on our list of things to do afe a long hard ds ' wr with a hot cup of tea in dak winters .
TV were and are sen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are mr the st entertinment ?
Are we subcnsciously educating ourslves ?
You ask h ?
ow ha would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat ish h TV show , in e name of entertainmen ar actualy learning .
The trut is we are always larnig , u how we learn is anoter matter , ere in type of learners are auditory , visua , and kinesteic .
TV stimulates at two lernng style whic is visa and auditory .
Some my are tha TV ust dos n have suficient ntent or us to be abl to larn , other may argue ha TV is an aazing source of larnng . i.e we lrn out new tehnolgy vi a moil phone advert ai on TV .
We learn about socal alues , World ews t .
I have personally pked up information I wou not ave come accross other we o example , I hve be abl to learn that new BMW sven series , ha ambince lihtng , it n pull in nd out of the garage at e touch of a buon , it 's computerises sstem ca read diffren rad surfaces nd dpt it 's drive .
so ha you ever ased yourself Television entertains , u can it ao educate .
The N Musc
lues , Rock n Roll , ok usi ere the bis f the new music .
1966 - 1967 the hge change takes place .
The 3 usic wr even known in 196 .
Every music express her feelings .
There wee me pepe who staed payng Ro sons .
d after ti everybody started to chng there type of mui .
Electronic w born .
It mae everything possible .
Than he usic haged to multi media .
And so canged the ld muic to the ew music .
The circuit is haracterise by lo straights and chicaes which mae it possib to achieve hig - speeds .
Drive drie the cr wih fll throttle r over 75% of the lap , longer than th oher circuits .
In my opinion riding at hig - sped on e long straight n be use overheating the cars engines and the n bow up .
The rgged kerbs can cause the suspension crack .
Th falling leaves cn be loc river 's view ad boc up h raiators .
I thk cutting trees whc around the circuit d undercuttin kerbs can be duce ange and technica problem on the track a we have to rduce ong stights .
Global power nd poliics are now surprisingly centered to those , which ve an apex maturity of science .
Addiction to authoritative nature or oter makes a hug production of a wapon convrt e lessin nature of science to citic .
Depit ll of the assstance of science in dily life , it has not wthout criticism in diferent views .
Science epaces man labor into instrment , u what aout happiness ?
here is no deintion of happiness in scientsm or hw oul it get thrgh the scientiic user manual .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous culturs nto so - lled luxurious develomnt , contradictory to religious aith .
Siece is concerned only wih the information bout the worl whatever it is , a sometimes in uethical conclusion without consideing the moaity .
It occupies so pivotal a rol in modern society d commands so much public money , should find itslf subject to criticism from a variety of oure .
Bt livin 21st centur , s dffcult to bame science ere we are benefitd trough t technological applications on eeryday or lfe to an eer - great extent .
My countr is prtty clean copared to the cities and countrie that I know although there are a few pece of apr or plastic on th strees , b residents have a grat reset or nature .
In fct , hey keep the woods clean and h owners sent e loggers to remove dead tes ow or tho tt could led to hazards , bt vry time yu remve a ee , is immediaely put a young plan so ha the environment ds not undergo chanes that will lead ou balance th sste .
Fr waste manement acros te cuntry , even in h countryside , they re placed the bin for recycling paer , plastic , lass d wse .
Three times a wek garbage trucks ps to empty them , ad ne a ek a garbge colecto passes to clan up the streets .
Travelig by usig y transport has become in one of our needs , in the past eople used to take hours witing or the public transport , now , we c afford ny of tse modern car at the agency .
The future of e publ transprt is fading wa , yo might k h .
t main roblem is he ba service , for exame , th drvers are not ceful ough to dive , ht might be unsafe for t uer .
another disadvantage is the uclen chairs in the transport .
hse are t main eason that cod ake the pubic transport diseapper .
I consider t bs oton to buy a car so we can feel af .
Firstly , it is a go dea fr young chldren do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , the to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
Als , just for ung chilren that e in process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential to do it , becuse the can hav a healthier lfe .
You children try to effort , and wants to w at ti age , and if thy rain results were bettr and encorages to keep tainig .
In psychic w , if yu are adapated orm relations a create new friend .
In he utur , adults that s ble to btan ore achievements a ake it oe reponsible , d yu ca have a go ocia lif , if you ompete ding sports .
In addiion , stress is a ear disadvantage of compete because comeitiors are ryng to wi a is a fustrate .
ut , om pople do nt tik this lie this nd tk it ore smply
Fnlly , I hnk tha to compete in sports hs om eefits and disavantags , but when is cntrlated there are sm enefits that elp yu to hle you life .
Dr sir / Madam ,
or upcoming enhancement , I wul like to infm you tt thee w no longer t public transportation services since trav by car more convenient .
Therefore travl by car is rea by o .
Bet reads ,
Pen
Sop in the town
Introdcion
Te im of hi report is to otline what are shopping acilites in our town and rte sme tips for tourists wt different preferences .
Shppng facilities
Although ur tw is quite small , ere r may variations of shops uc as clothes shop , sport sop , toy shops or bok hos .
Even thoug th shops is not large , hee a remarkable god , for example , nice running shoes or aluable books .
Possibilty of the shops
Al in a , th shops ae a vriety of goods , whch cn ttrct many toists .
If ou have a smal d , you wl isit toy sops , which offer many ar n helicopters .
On the other hand , you c visit book sps weher ou a pensiner a you hve a l of fe time .
Conclusion
To sum up , I suppose our town offrs many interestng shops .
Moreover , the ods is qui cheap .
Halloween is tradtioal holday in UA but t original history ame om Celtic pepl .
T immigrants came with this religious cultr an alng the tme has eame part of America culture .
Today ths hlidy is celebrated around t word and ou an hve fn wih prt or costume yourself .
T iture bew illustrate how to make bank notes .
irs is to desgn the note , inclung bckgrond olo , rtwrk and ecurity issues .
Scond is to rpare menal plaes as ell as qulied machinists .
Then is pining with special ink .
When the one side is printed , raisng the imgs sightl to ke pposite to be coored .
Ls is the y st , inspection .
It is of impotanc to inspect the printed sheet .
If te sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be pced and delivered by veichal after utted in to separate ntes .
therwis , h sheets a notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
The issue of weather there is no utre o publ ransport is a topic that has csed an on gin argument . in my topic i intent to iscus to contravening viw piont in more depth .
firstly , ome pple eliee tat ublc transport is a signifcant part in r live and i more difficult to rely on ou cars onl .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm om Thailand , I ry to write an article to improve my wrting skill ad hpe this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is te Plane because I lie to be fs and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinio e plane is e st fr me for exmpe hn y wnt to go omehere you need to each there so quck , o do n't need to ae time and T plane is the best tavelling in he world that the bs safr hn other wy , y a see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happn by te lne so anyway if it 's hapn , i ca n't imagin it , Eventually I wish everyon h lie to trve is sae and soud a safe journey .
Fit of all Teleision has le veers ow days .
Mt of the eopl ur to th Internet wbsite or applications like Netfx or Youtube .
Now let 's go back to hose day when young people till watch television for entertainment .
There were a ot of programs on television .
Most of th peopl wached nes , mois , or tv shows on elevisin .
Also there was a lot of dffeent channel that we hos .
As I remember there ere educational channel ike Discovery and ational Geography .
Thoe chanel alwas coten a lt of ne technoloy .
For some peol ay think tha only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge ad o sme pele hy do n't conside watching ths channel as entertainment .
or these kinds of channel are both ntertainent a educatnal .
But I wo n't opine that thes ae the ly channels that can proide noledge .
Al kinds of shows can give o l kins of different knowledge even when u watch movies .
But of course there will be so channel that is not suitable o child under 18 or jut fr adult .
As I tink here is no canel tat u ca n't learn form it .
All inds of prorams hae soethig that yu a think abu us deen on h o lok at it .
So television ntertains , ut can it also educate ?
Yes of cours b only when you look at it as a way y wann lean something .
My sudis in tcnoogico de Monerry are demadig a challenging bcase it ha a very high educative core l worldie , u also has to many go things , fr example we hae a lot of interchanes ll around e world , when o have t opportnity to do an interchange you have to dea wih t language and the clture ith h other country , that means yu have to be responsible for tudyin the basics tings of ha contr , bu all of ths is worhwhie because hen o are thr ou ha so much fun .
I thnk th a complete sport is to swim r most of h people .
It 's gd fr hlth and wellness .
I elly njoy because gve me a lot of relax n it help me to be tonic and satisfed myelf .
Usually I go three times a eek a drng the eeken .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make o mnd it th body el very goo .
Wn I w fourteen ear old , I wi the championchip becue in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
It a been a really satisfaion and I had een appy .
Nowadays I 'm really gratefl to my parents becus they have spent mon for me and I have to thanks them .
I hik this sport is e most comletely opared to he the sprs .
ou usces bgn more efficient nd tonc d you have a lot of beneis for t body .
To : International organistion
Fo : Dimitris Barberis
Suject : Our green tn
Introduction
The m of the report is to wrie how ae own ak ar of the environment .
I do a research and this ae findings .
Rubbish
We he a t of bs arund t area , so now we cn hrw our litters whenever we re .
Also we have rcycl bins f pap and glas .
Cleanr
Eery Saturday our local cleaning team ean the park n o veyone can enjoy it !
Cocluson
We do everhing to make ou ton mo green , our citizens alay have ew ideas ht ake he dfference of ur daly life .
It is common that ore and more people e overweight , cusd by too much fastfood and unhealhy lifestyle .
ow sm scientists ae sggest to having arnigs on some tys of foo d drink .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habi of consume noxious foodstf ?
On the on hand I ca n't imagine hat a little scine on he food people etrap to top tir soping n ra th warnngs .
if is fa moing and tie is mney .
Everything has to happn fat .
irst of all , we ned to make peol awe of e crrnt envionmntal situation in order to do activities hat ep the environent .
To begi with , we have to try to ue as litt as possible h car or the us nd try to g at any lac walkig or by bicycle .
Ts actin uld decrease the a emitted to the envirnmet .
In ddition , he water issue is anoer big roblem .
Nwadays , peoe is wastin waer instead of saving it .
One basi solution r this oint is ty to not take a shower o so much time but ting it ih a buckt and a fe minutes .
Another slution is to t waste water wil we e washing dishes .
We should use nothe bcket fr this as .
Tking about rubbish , it is very important to seprat it in the fllowing ype : metal , plastc , organic , glass and cardboard in order to mae te cllectio task easy fr the dustman .
However , we als ae to try to o reat more rubbsh recycling ot of them .
For exmpe , the rgani rubbish can be use as fertilizer , the metl scap can be taken to t melting factoy as wl as the glass .
Therefore , the evironment is n going to recover if we do not decide to tke or part in this glol problem .
Paxto had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
here be Log n the wite ...
O night xton w spakng them about the own tt had spoken ith an ol man ( Bob Cartes ) ad said to him to out t family Agers w potected te crown .
ut one them a dead a little whil ago n he was who protete h rown .
Paxon ge to the house de Willis Agers y find the crn in th hl .
t ong d Th Wrie helped to again te crown bury bease the shaow i as following .
An day in the orning Paxton waited to Lg y e iter , bu he istened that calle him sudenl he goes for the bech and is killed f the shadow
Pbic transport is and alwa will be very important for society .
As we 've en the dy tt the ount of ars is increasn so much ver yer .
As a consequence of an ineasing in numer of private cars .
Governments round t worl he talking a t about the measures hold be ake to improve public transport qality .
No doubts travelling by a is pety much better than go by pulic bus .
althugh Lus felt nevous , he realised tis a the oporunity of a liftim .
I was manaer at retail sore .
Everyday work stresse me a by t end of my shift I g so tied .
I deide to go ak to shool .
The rogam I start at school s ry tough for me , because my slow Englih rting .
I do not have very good english wrting skll .
My grammar and spellings ae ek .
I am struggling in school .
I am trying my best hoe I will pass my course n get a od jo .
Hi Jo !
I 'm realy srry , you ca n't com over because my father is at th hospital r 14 da .
But in 3 weks I 'm free .
he do yu ant to come ?
Write to me oon , please .
Miei
Te future tasport is th pulc , bcaus th traff it il be less .
Wn te people tavl by car is for work , holidays or or other motive .
We should use t less cr , it is vr polutant .
I will start ith o transport , if we id n't make ny mainenance ti pe ill be damae and lose it .
In e futre , every person will use s car an no nee r public transort.this type of trnsport have a at and just take you fr spcific pces and you ca n't s it to go to small strets .
But in some ounry , Yu cn use underground ( metro ) , it is vry advced tn d tpe lke Bu or Ta , The undergound is faster a clean ad arranged .
Abou pollution , it is a big issue in pubic transport , it ime if yo try to fix the machi of public transport tha wi be coste , because wih time the live age of his machie wil inih .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the areer of electricity egeniee and now he wants to put into practice his kowlede .
He et to y a nespapr to search for a b , he was loing l the advertisements but he never found the one he dded .
Michael thouh that it was te to do somthng .
He coud nt be at home l a doing such nothg so he started to look f another job tat would be suitale or m .
en he ws a kid he wante to ork in a videogames shop so for hs good ck it was availabl a job at ay Stion sore .
Of course he oe not think twice and go for pnt his curriculum because the intrview w tt day , th he oo a hoer and dress r h casion .
He preare somethi to a fast , brushed his teth , he just too his mobile , key and moey b he ha n't noticed that he w forgetting of s curricum .
Howeer , Mchael cloed the door and knew at that moent he had made a mistake .
My favourite sprt is occer .
It is an iterestin activity!The is Fifa world c o !
hee re sme soccer sars like Messi , emar , Rnldo ...... Soccer an make you healtie .
There re soccer lessons .I ha joined th lesson .
First , th techer wll train us soccer technique .
Next , we wil av a occr copetition .
Bu we will rak our les .
We nee to be aeful .
Soccer is an interesting sport ut we eed to be arefu .
My father is 73 years old , hs ame is Brahim .
He is al and smart he oos like a mve star .
My father as many hobis , he plays foot bl , rad newspper ad stens to Rado .
In my opiion , family is more imortant than friends , bt proaly I spent more time wih my riends than famly . I kno if I need something my family is alwys tere .
The difficult is that you rarely kno if yr est friend is a true friend .
Unfortunately , my best fied deceived me , I do n't kw o sh anaed but she hurts me .
My cousins a very reliable ke my grandmother and my paens .
Th family has a link bod therefore u ave a natura empathy .
For ll rle have exceptions .
I do n't trust in some members of my famly a I hae riends like brther .
You ne to discovere w is you best friends . ifeong y wl arn who is w .
For me , my best frids are in my family , except oe .
Sh
rwn up with me an now she is my sister too .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia nd is an important cross ays bween h sout and cener os Spain .
So an impornt hisoricl pce is he St. Katherin 's castle .
This is an ld castle of 10th century d the syle is Arabian .
It 's over a hh ill with difficult sloes to rrve because t ost important proprt is it impregnable .
In the recoqest age the stronghold ever downfll with a dirc assault , inlly te Castelan 's army fter a large ieg frce to the goernment surrener it .
The in the 18th century th Napolonic rm lived in it uil t nd of independence Spanish wa .
The French army before am back to Fance destroyed it .
Actually th castle has been restored and has a historic museum , also have a grat hotel with fo stars o tourists .
I like this plce bcuse I can joy a good vws to my ity .
I prepare cls every a .
I y to do all the aivities in clas .
I do n't av enough time to prctis and do activities at home .
I need to sek nd participate me in clas .
We speak mo of the te , so it is good to develop our confiece an fluency to convee .
pane , train , nd boat are the ways to ravel .
I hin the boa is e bst a to travel nd I have hree reasons for my idea .
Firt of all , boa mvs across he s n the sea is very beautiful .
For insance , wen we mve on the sea , we can se many types of animals , ch as birds , turtls , and fishes .
Next , he oa usually is vry big , so we ca do many activitis on it , sh as dacing , rinking .
Finally , It is t sfst y for trvl , bcase we do not ha many dangers , such as crshing , falling any othe ins of daner in he sa .
Therefre , I prefer te oat to travel , instead of the train or the pne .
All in a , ravel in the sea with a bt n be vry interesting a comfortable , in additn , it is vy sety .
I advise y to tral by ot if you have enough money for it .
Have you ee practse rafting?Do you ko hw amazing is to do ti cool pot?If o do n't know notig about it , it 's high time to do it !
I had n't neer her about doing rafting uni my et fiend , Carmen , old me whethr I wanted to he a whale of a ime with hr an I accepted it .
Teefore , we went to join in a spots entre which ke over organising hi stunning outdoor actviy .
Raftin gt you brn a your adrenaline whereas o tr to get dow ov the rvr in a mini - boat .
It 's xtremely exciting !
In addition , y 'll enjoy a breathtaking andscape arod yo d you 'll aso see a vast range of wildlf in oth sides of t iver .
Neertheless , I wold recommed you to ar approriate cothe a to brig potction crea ih yo .
In contrast , yo could sfer some nat ct or , even thugh , bei sunburnst .
Lt 's go !
Do t hesitate taking up raftin !
You wo n't egret !
My lif no
In my ie I hae h a big experiences that ae made me change n mature .
One of t mt imortnt experience I think wa cmin to study to Tijuana .
It was a really challenge for me to ve aloe .
Bfoe I ame here I was so depenent of my parents nd I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcom a the thing that stopped me .
When I w chld I used to live in Tijuana .
I was born ere .
Wn I had 4 years I wen to li to Ensenada because my father worked here .
I as used to livng with my whole family in Ensenada .
Sne I was br to my 18 years od I was living whit tm , ut now I liv in a small apartment .
I am studyin Nutiton at h University , hat is why I am living in Tijuana .
I used to live in asistent house it as my firt lace wre I lvd in Tjuana , en I changed to an aprmen with w frieds .
ll weekends I used oin to Ensenada for visiting my amily , my boyrien n my fiend .
Before I cam to lv to Tijuana , I a really nervous beaus I d to leve everythng and because it wul be a change in my life .
r summit , ame to live to ijuana was a rlly chalenged or me .
I learned that you ed to face our far , to achieve your oals .
I do not reret what I did because I do what I le .
Nw I am so independent and I eared h to live alone .
I liv in a sall villae on counryside th fw pople .
En if we ar a conry , we tae cre of e environment throug he se of photovoltaic systems on roofs of ny hses , uh as the nursry sool and otr uses ta hve this ystms to produce eegy .
We separated paper from glass and lo to lastic .
Th garbage picks up pape ne a wee , plastic t times at month and undiferretiated hre times a wek to all pole w li in my country .
My district makes cla my villge a it uslly tries to ak attractive it new social initiatives fr the ommunity .
All people of the orld he friends , I 'm o an excepton .
When I as 10 ears old I met my bes find .
We 're friends ice we strt to tak , b u friendship s change over the tie .
When we wee 12 we played in e garden ith the balls a with the the bys and girls , but hen we ere 12 yar verything changes we do n't want to py in the garden because we refered ciem or watching TV .
Beaus of ge caning we id n't see us , bt in the momt ta we gre up mre , we e us the weekeds an sometimes we 're upset abou some problems that we hd .
With the time we r or friends .
Now , we discuss ometimes but we ov us because he alwys sy together in the god momets to tak a coffee or talk about our lives , bu he als sa in the bd moents , deste being friends sne we wer 10 ars old .
F ts reason I tin that friendship is so imporant thig in the life .
I hin th opposte , I eleve that puic transportation as a eall huge ftue .
It is true that we re a lot of users tt wan to use the car u , a hat amount is growing up ; as well there are a lo of eole that do n't he th posibility to have a car and some u the public transportation becuse may rasons lke the pie , bcause it is easier to e to te plce by blic transportation rahe thn car , ecause the traffic , some times for eole it is so xausting to dive lots of hours an en sme times the public transportation is ster .
T population is growing up so fs , we need pulic ransportaion , is importat .
blic Transportation is coveniet f some ople and so eope think is mr onveient t car , finally we wil ned public transportation on the future .
In r inion globalization is a good thng that happen to us , alw us to ieract with all the world , so we can meet h cultres , ouments , etc .
It bring us a l of opportunities to hang and in some cases to get a bette li in ohr countries like fid a o with t hghest salary .
Although we ed to chng some things in the wrld , more han tse is to cange a lot of thngs in t third wrld cuntris , because it is not acceptable hat in the twenty - fist centuy a ersn iv wt lss than a dllr p d .
Dea Moly ,
I 'm writing of my sumer job at the Cinm .
it s ey butiful , because I a see mch fims re and I meet all h you eople of my ountry .
In the morning I wlk arun h nema and the most important place of my country ad I tal abu t film tha the pepl n wtc .
they do or questions an I vey funny for ts .
I col n't bu the tiket of he film 's cinema ut I could do me discot all my friend !
I hop th you ar funy lk me .
Thy pa me a lot of money and I a buy a lot of dress , jens , shes , bo and make - up .
I see th w film of isney " Inside ut " d I eat much p cor !
I cry a l for this fm but it 's very imprtant for me bause I ov disney 's lm .
I do n't ose anone !
hong r you answe
I ove yo
arta
First at ll , is is a report tt il explain o the village of Vancouver is handle thi ruish material .
Firstly , te city of Vanouvr as a prgramme called go green ancouver that it ill protect the evionment selecng the ubbish by containers at he same time there is a collaboaton fr the city all of any district tha it will provided a 3 containrs fr ach hose e for papers oe for bottles y he lst n for ubbish matrials .
Secondly , there is a programme wt e water copany to cu on spends of te wter by 50 % sing a recycle wae treatment and recirculating to te house without umpng he asten and saving our plaet .
Finally , every cit all is mproving the care of he evironmet because ther is an incentive pogrmmes fro the goverment ik if the cut the spends of eer house by 50 % ciy halls g more money from he central government .
I strony belie that gramar is not the most important element to spk Engish , if you kno rammr you only ow ceran rules to writ , but I think that speakng is most important tha writing , becus when u go to nplace in h world , you have to be prpared to tk a understa whatever they say to yu ; in this part yo may nice that if you do n't know vocabulary , y would n't unsderstand anything ; but ee is anther toc , hether you undersand or not , you ave to otce th wy that pepl talk to you , d r to realize what h persn is trying to say .
cording to your e - il , we discovered the price should be D 12 insea of 2 .
Pase be adied ht the rigt amoun on the ettlement ate .
Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
ie bicyl is my favourite spt .
It helps me healthy .
It lee me osiive od .
I c sen uch scenery in short tmes . I can u goods along t road .
Buy a go ie is t firt when y str to de .
Once or twc on a week to de .
It can Avid ctch ld .
It is clear ht tecnolgy as provided us with everal options in communication .
Prhaps e clearest example of this is ha unlike te pas , it is not neceary to bu envelops and amps to send he lttr .
Inste , people pefer to mil or tet to send mesaes .
Another way is change is evidnt is that social networking or ppliations suh as Spe , Faceime and Facebook are widely sd to stay in touh with tei fily , rinds and reltives
My favourie sport is basketall .
This sport is ey es to la .
ou ned to play it on ea .
You need to hae ability to play it .
hs spor is about ou cch the bal an coe .
o do xrcise to be strong nd hav abilt in your les and ou han .
I enojoy thi because I like it .
I love tis spor .
In some caes ou cod hav an accidnts , bu tat 's t proably .
When I 'm playi this spot I hve a geat omets and I ler more and I will hv mor xpeience in a fuure .
It es n't difficult and yo a tart to pla .
ll he eopl cn do ts sort .
Basketbal is ecgnize to people in the world .
By Emma guirre Fentes
Dear Si ,
I am writing to aply for e job adetised on your webpage .
I s myself as a perfect candidate r ths position .
I have alreay en on camps before .
Your faithfully
ary Pink
Dear i / Madam ,
I am witin to apy r th j in summe ap vertised on ebrury 9h on ocal ewspaer .
I have worked fo lst 10 year as a teacher in junior school .
Now I an to uilize my mmer to hl childen in different activit .
I have experience of arranging diferent spot actvit or childre .
I am ery good in coing as well , so I tink I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confiden tht My proile makes me ver suitable candidate for the sumr mp .
I lo forward to hearing om you soon .
Yours incerely
ohn Alder
Te emers of my famly are my bt frids .
ecause we spend a lot of time together .
And ere is a god communication between us .
In my opinion , every family ut have a goo commuication . Because I hink , communication is one of the st imporat things in o lie .
We use communication ever time .
Because people have to use man communiction techniques to communicate wt her people .
Howevr , t amilis tht avn't a good communication haven't a good life .
If we wt to have a go life , we must make oo communicaion in our famiie
Hi !
My nam is Anton .
I live in the oe of th most beautiful countries - Ukran .
When I was at school my frnds nd I attendd ior swmming shool .
I was 30 years before .
I usd to hav traini tic a ek .
I iked that time a lot .
My friend and I lwys a i rame an u afte training .
w I 'm a buines alyst .
I work at offic and have no ideas where a my frieds .
Ti year I decided to star visiting pool and wm up to thre times a ek .
Now , wn I swim at th on pool , I am orfilled by poitive emotions .
I like smming a lot .
Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ing trveing is very comun .
In my pinon I think that it is not the only a but it is the best ay .
Apart from ha you see w plcs and you hv fun , you also rn others cultre , hisorials fcts , you also lern to resec ohes peoples an irs osums .
In adition you do n't think in yours problems an e only hng ta you do is hve fun d do hat you hat to do .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of ive ad that helps to open yo mnd , see t word in her wy .
In onclussion I think that it is e bst way to opemn your mindn not the ony wa but e the best y .
may countries are try arted to concer no nvironent a worried about th globe warming , In schools teachers ar oing their best to educate children o to tak cae of their school a keep thm tidy , aso hy trai them o to plant tree in public arens of teir towns ,
Althgh government stict so many aws an taxes in the peol how do ot pay their taxe to h cuncil fr cleanig of the rubbish from own nd vllges , in te biggest polluted cy in the world peop strte to s bicycles n cycin inead of driving their cs to educe the polluton of eir city , ao they invent differnt ws to pla even every lttle aa hich an be plnted to ke their cit lean and attractive .
Fist of all , I disagree with that statement , becaue of these resons I am aout to give .
Oce we top usig Public transport , it is ing to causes problems .
Fr example , if we completey relaying to use ars it is goin to increa the gasoline se .
Apparently it is going to make more polution ore global warming issue .
Hw ev , using cars makes the life esir but when everyone or vry house hey wl ow at ast hre cs it is o muh .
Athoug th taffi as t accidents ec .. .
puli transport it is realy portant and it h a lot of advantges r heping humanity .
In my opinion vey couny they suld ve dfferent ind of public transport
bues , subways , and trains .
Fr instance San Francico it is a grat example o incredible city , th variey of chces in the pbic transpot it is remarkable .
In spite of e cost of these facilities it is gig be expnsive but it is neessary .
In onclusio , The governments should work on tha because h people need the ubli transport and the wold for e environmen , li expases it is mu cheaper than haing a car .
I hope to see it round the world , pulic trans port something we can no aoid or replace with anohr thing .
In the fuure , public transport wil dispear .
Everyone will have h o ca .
Cars wl be safer d speed ta now .
Traveling by car will be the bes suitable
way to move from place to anher .
Reommend to fieds ha county we have to go .
I would ie to recoomand friends to sit Ital .
fst of a , nowadys whereve we go we c find Italia restaurant eaily .
There are a lot of food all ve the world .
but I thik Italian restaurant is getting famous .
Second , beautiful tourist places ie a Veice .
I have bee to Italy whe I wa 20 .
It wa aeome .
There is no wrd to explain .
Venice is ciy that is bsd on water .
here ae no car , no metro in Venice .
On e other hand it coud be complicat . t nody complaint .
I think that 's why hs cy can maitain th saf environment .
Third , Italy is famous for fsion .
It bings many fashionable eole .
if you are person h ov fashion you will enjoy going there .
e las thig is hstor .
Thi county ha a lot of history .
so it makes me eiting .
so if you want to vit any country i 'm gin to recoomend to Ital .
The igges anecdote , hat I he th my friend , w our trip to Disy world .
Where we could visit l the prk of isne , lie Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic ingom .
In adittn we could visit other parks , like Univsal n Bh Garden .
Bu this is not h nd of o trp , we went on a voage in a Ryal Caribean ruise , where l the fo and dnk was free , because it wa als paid .
Drin the oyge , we disembarked in t Bahamas n CoCo kay , whi is a pivte island of the cuise , we went to h beach an played so many games .
To sum up , this trip was h es experience we have in o ives , because we ma friends , vist a w country an we ave a lot of f .
l abut me
My name is Laura .
I 'm thirteen yers ol nd ive in Socksund with my t famlies ( ey all do n't liv in the ame hous ) .
I have one twn sister , one little sistr and oe little brother .
I av a dog name Atlas and he is an Brner Snnen/ Lanser .
He is ou ear old ( the ae ge as my little brother ) .
I love horses n I 'm pctising horse ring at Djusholms ridklubb .
I 'm taking cae of a hors alld ad .
My gadpa liv in Spain wi my step grandma but e is ike my grdma .
My step mother 's mm is also like my grnma .
I do n't ik spiders d shoots .
I went to a awesome concert of pint of vi d I kn that I lo orward to tellin you hw it a .
t et me tll yu it was a concert that the performed Lala Band and I hav taken nd I especially , I a the cameraman .
It as an excellent ight .
The concert wa eveni bean at 20:00 n came a l of persane .
We we all excited , those om Lala Band nunate .
Thei voices hav positive ibation throuh heir musical and give o a good felin .
On the scene moves very wel a kn w to tk pleasu to h public .
I am feeling wnderfl ad my promise is that when goig to ha a special occasion to go to a concert supported by la Bd , yu il be with me .
As like tis in all my het .
I hope as those recounted by me in this mal n you feel a sligh viation from h oncert .
Hi Em ,
re you uy now ?
i heard ht ou so realy have many of work activities o .
Yesterday I wach fast to furiou at the cinma .
ou know that I le ction film like ts .
urig atching th fil , I imagine if I am be te fiance of da .
OMG , I ca stop imagine until n .
h main characte is so ol , chrsmatic , n patient .
You ust tch it too , because your avorite actor also in his fl .
He is in secondary ctor , bt I really sure you will ave imagine as liar as me t .
Why ar so many oo man in this wld .
xox
The ltest exciting movie hat I am ooking forwar to is " Gt hard " movie startng ein her and wl Frell .
hs is movie is based on racia humor .
A white n racaly profiles a bla mn .
evn heart is in a dficult situation ecaus s nothing at l at th man epct him to be t he plays the oe anyway .
The movie is already a success opening the box ofice wih $ 36 million endorsement .
I am very excited to see kevi heart and will Ferrell characters om ogether .
The seem to hae grat chemist btween th .
I thin if you 're a comdy fan u will be excted to see the movi ad een if you 're n he movi is a must see .
Dear r Summer mp ,
I am writing to apply for e Summer Cm Job .
My nme is Fipa and I am sur tht I am the prfect person fo this jb .
I am usd to children , I ve two sisters with 9 nd 11 Yers ld and I tae care of them l the time .
I am nt ud to cook to this number of pople t I am a hard worker nd I am a st learner , so I am certain tht I will be in a gat help or you hs summer .
I hope that you cosider my applcaion nd coact me fo e ob .
st egars ,
Filipa
Der S ,
I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barzak .
30th October wors r Renata to meet in Berlin .
I hecked conection between rsaw ad Berlin and she might be at 11.10 at Beli Ostbf staton .
Is it possie to range a meting ar thi station ?
I think in ftue is n't necssry to use e public transprt d wh ?
Simple , the e generation decided do take your driving licence n I aw ths around me , my collgues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a question of tme when verybody will have a ca .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much ore conveient y eveythig , for example if we tink a l of time we spent on it b to arrive our destiny , t raffic is a lot of things that eeryone refer buy car it re pracica and fast .
Do n't frget t cst .
In my opinion e price of e ticke on u is expnsiv .
Ery year the price of ublic ransprt tr it up .
We can stop n do a metl arithmetic and we can s a ot of many we sped one yea .
If we hv a car I believe we do n't spen much mey .
It 's jut my opinion bease thi is my ie so I n hat I am talking abou .
Evey months a b my pas for use on the bus .
I am pt of the new generation where in future e cr d te public transport are disappar .
Hi abel ,
Ho are o ?
Where e you from ?
I 'm from taly , I live in Vrese a eautiful town o ar frm Miln in Lombadia .
Varese as mn attractns between wich the la , where I like to stay .
My favourite plae in th town is Estensi gardens , her I go to walk wh my friends duri e afternon .
Michal is a ce o but e day he met Julia .
Julia is a pretty girl .
They spent tie togeher ad wer very happ .
But Michael sometms hs roblem .
He is poud , it 's no a god ay .
On aturdy the figted and Michael closed the door d knw at that moment he a made a istae .
puli tasport is imprtat or anyne .
e pepe shuld walk more than before .
That aks them healthy .
Nowadays , mny accident happeed whe they wer driving their car .
Th ar going to travel around al ov e world by plan .
the young people el happy mor .
In t argumen , t author asserted tat t city sould prohibit skateboarding in Cetra Paa .
The author claimed tha the business dropping causes by t inreasing numbe of skaeboarded users .
Likewise , the skateboarded users broght numerous garbage that affects the stores in th paz .
Based on auhor 's two ocern , the statement that drew a conclusin to prohibit skatebaring in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful d wise decision .
Fst of all , it is a cntradition in the argument .
If more skateboarded usr are willing to go to Central lza , there ae more customr to help the rwth of business .
It is ainst ahor 's assertion .
From this point ew , e decreing of usines shud cuse by other fcors , but t skateboarded users .
Hwever , ter a many reasons can ause h buiness dropping .
Probably , e stor a oo d in Centra Plaza which could not attract cusomers wak no , and have to renovate .
Furthermore , the podce ales in the sores that could n't i cusomers ' need .
Those abov reasons could influence th buines in Central Plaza directly .
Scod , atho claid that te sanitation problem ased by skateboarded users is not oy happen by specic peso , whenever more ustomers should bring more aste d wrongdoig .
Those probems apeal hat there are not sufficient securities in Central Plaza .
Moreovr , th proble would cae by sateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users tak over pedetrian wlking pce .
To solve his problem , h cit should et up more pace nd facilities for skateboarding , ad divide he different space for walking nd skatboarding .
To m it up , e author 's preditio wo n't happe if the city prohibit skateboarding .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboarded users wod ring more potential to mprove he business in Ctral Plaza .
On the othr nd , te author hold provid profound discussion wy people com to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
The condition of h stors ad safety are o rucial actos to affct the busnes in he plaza .
To strengthen ahor 's conclusion , h auth should p h actors aove in e argument .
I ae ig famiy consists of tee sisters and o rothe .
but when comparing my faiy with my father 's family .
I do n't feel hat . because he ha ie siter d three brther .
when my sisters are maied they he one or tow children at st .I think he Eyptio faml became simle it e passage of tim
The cocaie it 's t mos dngrous ddicion .
Firstly , cocaine damage your senses ad our mind , if you consume cocine , yo wo n't sleep tis day .
Secondly , it 's so addcive , ecaue t ody eed mor nd more , so if yo conume cocain , you would lave beause you 'll an addict .
Finally , the consecense of ccaine are the dea , if yo sniff all he tie cocai or a lot , you die ear .
In conclusion , oaine it 's the mo dangerous aiction , becas you i arl and yo body it 's destroyed wi the ccain .
Oh , cool ! I have't watced H y u.u
Yeah , is time is ok .
But if you nt I see sme work in special , feel re to sh me via note or mnion ^^
Thee is an incresing trend of peronl transport so that public transport will be reduce in e future .
ultimately ublic transport ould be negligible in ture .
tere are so many easons ha could be afected to public trasport ssem .
he ain one is , nowadays people ar ded busy with their a to dy ie so tha tey do n't like to spnd thr valuable time for waiig on the y for h regular trsport . alo pulic transport is experienced lots of pllution hic is hamul for huan being .
for ample , lnc time tavellig is very dagerus for pregnat women due to emission of crbon mono oxide wch is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing syste . as a result , they refr persona transport sstem fr prevent from such hzads .
finall publ transport system is ot saf as always .
to ilustrate , If teenage girs trael by publc transpor eery day who wil interct wth sciety beon h limtaton.so it is a g challenge to them .
To who eve it goes ,
I am wrtin th e - il bcuse we wat to re your company to do the accountig of our comany .
Principally , we ned to have the Financial Sates , so we ne them as fast as you can because if ot we would hae egal problems .
I would like to now if you c gv us thoe sevies n in what tie you l av them .
ls if it is te cae I wold like to arrange meeting to gve you ll the douments you eed .
I am expecting yo anser .
Sincerely , Taia Amado .
Dear friends ,
Thnk you for te weknd .
We really ejoy it !
Their new hse near te bach is very ce .
We enjoyed to swim in he sea , had a subate , ha a barbacue and saw snst .
For ext time we invit y to our odhouse .
We hpe to s you oo !
Bs wihs !
The rph sos the sasonl sales of ice - cream in two plaes - one is fo an ce - cram wile the other is in an indoor ublic swiing pol , frm 202 to 2014 .
The lin whih reresnt h door swimming pool remin fairly steady , om approximatly 1800 to 25,the perid of every year from April to une ad ctber to Dember n the ighst outstaning achievement , wilst h sale is downwards overall .
Hwver , compared to t line of indo siming pool , t ifferene of seaonl achieement of e cream vn is coniderably large .
veall , h achievemnt of ice cream van is better than the ndor swiing po , from abo 100 to 5500 .
The best season to se th ice ceam fro h van is autumn , wil that is one of the wost seasn r inor swimming ol .
Te iscrepancy of these two pac is large .
The bst sale achievemet of e a is 50,5000,550respectively .
One day many years ago in someting plae th a do n't rememr he nae I woke up one mrnng me ealer than sal then I went to e kchen an out the name of my moth ... bt no oe aswered , a te first thing tha I imgine is ta thy com to t town , uikly I went o to find ey ...
But thr wa no one , absolutely no on , I 'm scary , I el a scram , ook an look bt I had no result
Suddnl I felt a warm hand tha touched my sholde a vey lowy tun bt th ol thing I w wa a sadow that ws holding a knife
I woke up nd reased it had all been a bd ream
Recently wn I wa in youtube I saw a movie trailer , he fi appeared so ood an ays lter my fiens old me if I wntd to go them to the cnma , so I deided to go and luckily they ha dcided to s the film ha days before I h sn .
The film is a romanic movie , It is talkin about one mn , Na , h lives in a small shore town when he felt in lv with a ch gir , b ke alays the girl 's parents did no li No 's life because the gir 's fahr thinks ha oa is not enouh god for their daughter .
A at the end of the summ the girl went u b next er she comes again , u ths te she has byfriend and is break o 's heart .
Wa oa dos t knows is hat he w in ove with him sinc the first time tat she aw him .
The first of all I shuld a tht I like a lot of kins of sorts .
Oe of my favourite ype of spot is swimmng .
I swm fm childhood . I feel enoy whle I am swimmin .
Swimming develop all types of muscle .
You cn swim during all ye in the swimmn ol , se , ivrs a so on .
Advice fr everyone wo starts swim is feel noy hie you swimming .
Tank you fr your attetin !
Wh he rising prices f the public transport in Lonon , comutes r chooing using hir cars more and more .
Pulic rnsport was rate to elase e traffic in big ton centres and also to facilitate workers commute .
Nowdas trains and ues ae uslly packed a the tickt ares are very expensve .
I particularly decided to driv to do my day to day tasks uch as , hoping , visitn iends , church d so on .
To wh may it conen :
I came up your ad on the newspaper ad I wish to appy for e jb .
I 'm a gre people peson a hae a great knowede on computers , organisig activities fr chilrn and so I 'm a Jr. chef .
I op you can rant me te oportunity to have a meeting .
incerely yours .
Mario Montegudo
hat a ice pem , at lea metio the ame of a proficient poet o .
I am also hoful to eet the group of ol frinds once again to revive the wonderful ad unfrgettabe commn memries of stent li .
Tel me wht has happened at ur first meeting ?
If it is unspeakably f pulic eaings , thus mention in the emil .
Thanks r your good wishes as well .
Hi my nme is Robe .
My favourite spo is basetbll .
I realy like hi sort .
I was 7 yer d when I played frt time .
My first match as whn I ave been in school .
r tea won his math .
We wre app with ts .
My advice o someone w wat to ply this game , ou do n't ha to be tl or fast , when y pa you have to think a lot .
I njoy this game because the mst imporan tin is team wok , ou have to derstand ch oher .
It 's raly important to be ll because o il score point faer and better .
My favourite plyer is Mrcn orat .
He is Polis basketbal laye .
He is really all hi hv 202 centieters .
My story with basketball were very hot .
I ca n't give you to an advice u one thing I ko , a team wr the most important thing in this am .
To begin , l is very dfficult her .
Fist lae , my conry 's politic is bad , d people ave t ok .
In second place , thr r very imporant people , and they ant to have a l of money .
Yung people want to fn a goo job here , but hy r orking in mc donal 's or burguer kig for a low salary .
If ou want to wo here , you mut kow languags , for examp : English , Frec or Gern .
ou mt be a person in chrge and rker , a you be ale to find a ood work .
My family ve a copay , ad if yo wn , you oig to work it em .
I ish as t of uk you , he .
If ou have problems , you can call me ! !
I wait for your cl .
Television is an esental part in our ife , we tn it on nearly everyday , sice it can mak life oe interseting .
eevision entertains us , it can alo ecate .
her a two pionts to approve it .
r on , the sho ayed on tleviion may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .
Teepay are not just for fun , it can have a dep meani , short sory tells big dal , just like a usful book .
So , why not television a ot educate us ?
For another , thre ar many diffren yps of programs , wich can boaden our eyes , ty give deails of edcation , pus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , ak show d so on .
These prgram are nt just or killing the time , t o educating .
Teevisio is us lik a aleidoscoe , there a vrius materials provied r us .
To sum up , teevisin entertains , it ca aso educate .
Syria ha a l of good restarnts .
The Damascus restaura at he cnre of the cit is qut a nic place to ave a mal .
It s ll kns of food en th rally fancy on .
You can ejy having yu breakfs there with our family because hy have o many types of food .
Ti restaurant as has gams for chilre whch te can sped ther time playing it .
It also inclde a huge paing so you an park yor o cr freely .
At Friday tey serve special fod or those h do n't ha enough oney to pay .
It 's a vry ice resaurant which I prer h ost
Invention of car hs made people 's lives esie .
No mor ty have to slly depend on plic transport .
Though public transport are cheaper an one could gt to now ma companions , icreae etwor .
Bu ubli transport h fixed schedul d on a rushing day not many can eally joy thei journey .
Pubi trnsort ca n't help when one has to travel suddly or to go oewhere whr it does n't ps through .
hos times car is convenient to use .
Eve increasig crw in cities d thereby traffic prlems a incresng .
Th home of the future .
In reset times th hoss is very different , t in th uture houses will be
perhaps t same .
h ftur house wll be diferent not rom architecture , b th funtionaliy .
Difernt people ll be neeed dfferet functions , optons nd functionality of he fure hos .
his il be like in ancient times , ut in the past t houses was the am ll round .
Progress of the technique is very fast .
From : hoses , ste vehice , firs petrol and g car to utur crs when h riv will be electricty .
Te ast film I saw as " Te Ermous Island " so I am gig to rview it for the studens fil club .
The fm at I elected is starring by Scarlett Johnsso an Brad Pitt .
The ilm as podued in 10 by the well kn drctor Stanle Kubrick .
The sor tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) nd e routine livng in " Cretacro " an enorous mysterious island loatd in the Pacific Ocea , the problem starts whe Monca fl in lov with Martin .
Martin ws a solitary ad quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change we he t Monia in the prinipal estaurant
I work or a cofee hp in cnter city .
One of my mi responsbl o preparng something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every mornng and I lee home o wor at 6.45 am .
I fnish ord at but 5 pm .
After going to learn Eglish class on 3 days in a ee .
Anoth , I spent free tie do Yog or mak od eat fo my family .
My hoby
Books , books and aai ooks .
I really ike to rd everything I can ctch and I will have a lok in every book to see what is about .
ften I ke to read biograp books , istor books and novels , bu I really lke Jane Ausen book .
I have all her colections books at hoe an I ejoyed a o to have a trip th e characers in Bath and all arond . I like to red children bok n I had lots of fun with Beati Ptter books ad al her little animals , with Pet and all of them .
I ve at home ot of books her and in my country bt I ie to go to t library and sometimes I go n have a ok on harithy and bootsale because I can fnd ot of ice boos nd a very good price for thm .
Whe I ned a book r my Englsh classe I go to Waterstone or to mazn .
Fe moun ago I ed Miserable by Victo Hugo , I rd this boo we I w in high school but I haven't think on te suject .
B no I really enjyed , d me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , whih was amzing , for uople of hour I did n't ve , was a brilliant present .
Tis Satday I sar a n book by Fancine Rve , he book could The Warior I haven't finsh te firt captr but I find te bo ery ood .
I read oter oos by ths writr d I really njoyed .
The public transport in the near future
Nowaday hee ae many ways to public trnsportaion su as nderground , buses , an etc . ut is a rality that th peopl prefer to move by cr .
Current traveling by car is usful than public ha transprt , you cn move around the city an redue eouh im smetmes you n are yr car with frens or family nd this y of tansportatio ll be cheaper .
Teacher , I know to tavel by car is the os convenient .
Howevr , I think your mind is simiar to hat freber hought , bcause for them , society are neve gng to et the transpot we have nwadays .
It is difficult or us to imagine a world in which ere are not cas like we are used to ee .
everthless , I trut in that technologies can suffer a progres in te futur .
Moreover , we have still a lo of thins which we can n ms improve like traveling ecrity , cofort and economic sources .
On the othr han , we shol know at ver eans of transportatio can be chane by 50 years laer .
Maybe , we oul fin with fyig ar or electric bikes .
o al ha , I ink at we should be rudent whe we asses mans of transportation .
According to Wordsworth a poe is not a common man , he a a greater sensibiity and knowledge .
h por of imginaion mkes him beome a eacher : he as to show men how to understand thr feligs a h nature hat suround them .
The pet is seen as a prophet , he has to iprove people 's oral life an drive them to e truth .
He is te ony ne who c produce etry in a simple language , tanks to imagination and memy .
I live in a big city a I have the opportunity to se a lot of tourit during the ear .
Someties I give some inormtion about where he am of streets or where the main monumes are .
I he n particular poblem to help them , bt I have ofn some doubt to sggest the lace to go o a shoping .
Te resn is ht in my city here ar a lt of shopping facilities gd for toriss .
An exple cld be to have a fre entrac in e Campidoglio museum if yo buy a ocal nespaper .
so , here a some well - known brand rea to gve a scial riz if o but a souvnr afte 8 pm .
As you see her are a l of opportunities for the torists to pend their w moey in my ct .
You ae onl choose what is he st or u .
You will n regret .
Helo I relly want this jb , because I 'm a hapy person o enjoy aure , travel round the wo , an hae a lt of friends .
I 'd le to wr in th team ar , and sow , an she stories because I lie to tak to peole , n I like ids .
I an eak English an I relly enjoy to do so .
My wn do mc eorts to care of environment , they put my pins in the streets to keep it clean al they prevet private drivinig at many ys to kee air clea , hey eed tres to absorb o2 n relase o2 , ey build factories ay from the house of poplaton to prevet respiratory diseases whc is a rsult of air pollutin from fcories , so not ly my counry it self t also he ndiviuals follw a proper w to keep environent clean .
Footbll is my favourit sprt and I enjoy it because it is an gressive game and fun .
Th game starts with a bl at the cente of th field nd he oe of the two teams kick it .
The goal is to ge t ball inse the oppoens net with your foo only .
In 1994 , The cram paitig , ne of the most expensive of the worl , was stolen in t Ntional Gallery of Os ( Norwy ) .
At first te olce detetive thought one of th speca band was stolen h panting .
Then , reserchrs knew tha Pa Ener , a - thief more popular in Noway , was wh stolen h paintig .
ly he needed 50 second to stolen the inting .
When he stlen the painting he rote a not sayng : " thk o for ou good ecurity " and we he was arrested he declare that it was ery eas to stole he painting .
3 months ao , he wants 1 illon dolas r th paitig t the Norwa government aid no .
Finly , he Nora police ath th paining aga in o policy investigation .
I have develped organizational d time mnagement sills through my work wit different companies .
Particularly , I am hihly skille in welcoming and directig custoers .
About my persoalty , I am outgog ad enthusasti .
I ls have onfrontin problem ill .
Frm the previous b , I 've bee given th compleen .
Whenever there was a prblem , I cold eaize it d could solv it rapil .
I cld provide an extrardinary service with a smile vn I was under unexectd situation .
it hese qualifications d personality , I believe that it will prove me as an idel candidat fr 5-star abn Crew at Qatar Airways .
2 Attachments
wasting time is a hug issue in u life . a lot of knowledges relae to time such as : hitor , ducation n healty .
We dicus special top abt h we ce fater than a tim.ths fmous quo explains my prevou idea " time is a swod if you did not cut it , it wil u ou " .
Many people do n't care aout wasting their ti even when they buy .
Actually , in my life I consid it as a in of my yste who contros whole of my y .
tere is some people eat tm As smehing of my wn , hey ha the right to wast it and the igh to look after it .
In th oposit side , some people let the time control ther ife .
Howvr we should be baace from te oth tye .
se wasted it she can not get it back .
Tee is a tie to lov and a time to hate .
As , there is a time to break down and a time to buid up .
Imine how ou wll lie if you do n't have nowedge aled ' ime ' .
I wl tell y my negative attude aot time befoe I tae a lesson ro my brother .
I dd nt cr to ti I usually ad hi is my life ad my tm .
u this is hnge aft my brother arranges wh me to oraize or time .
He will lee me at home or ay fo i two ryal for every minute if I le to him .
hen I ask i to get me omeplace . I can no count how many tes I sta at me becuse I am late .
On im , penictual
I ink ta thr is utur for public trnspot , because ther r till exst people who can n afford to by a car , even travelling by car is mu more convniet .
We have to consider people need to earn sufficient money to support their amilies nd be able to bu a ar .
I 'm ra n i 'm 24 years old .
I 'm interstd in this job because at h moment I haven't got a ob .
I 'm a worker person and I like chiden .
In the rk I 'm a responsibility person , I nev as arriving .
ls I always wok with chldrn an I av a teacher certificat . I'm a friedler person and I have a ood crricuum .
My expriene of ts job y nger .
I began to work 4 yers o in a speil childrn school .
This j is grt because ls I lan a o of this .
i like to hae spots activities and ucation activities .
my rfers acivities are oti h feear .
I like prpre my ctivities a wk before , en whn I have to do ti acivity it is more fa .
I thk tat this job is fr the cildren enjoy so I 'm te correct person because I ke playig with them .
In th terms of akig bk notes , the picure beo demontrat te process of aking it .
her are minl 4 epts , design , repaation , prining and inspectng .
hi writing wi explain the different stept .
Fistly , staf ad Prsonnel esig te background colour , he rwork and the scuriity issue on h bk ntes , which is also done in rocss of ter ar , sch as notes o upermarke .
Then in th preparation process , skilled machiniss prepare of metal ates f printing .
After that sheets of bank notes are pritd , the are diferencs ad specials o it , it u speal ink , d pit cors on oth side , mges are slightl rie .
At last nspectos of the ank nually check l prining shes , and devd them into three leve."bad shets " were sent fr disposal , were things ar ercurely destroyed."Good ualit eets " will go ith packaging and distribution , where sheets are cu , packed and dsatched .
Howevr sheets that are " patall dmages " wil be ipect gai an separated into god and d shee , and snt for urher actions .
I 'd like to wit in hi subject becase it 's very importnat topc .
my favuite sport is fotball , I like it so much it means fo me a lot , It mens partnrship , teamwork , enterainment , exercise .
the whole world ge together to spport there favourite teams & t boys layed it in t streets together .
I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & suppre my team by my flag & supored phases .
I advise any one dream to be n of the most famous teams tat works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a l of matches & folloed by captain supervised on h
This issue is no clear - t on oth mony n job sasfaction are importnt in eciding career in our life .
I thin ha on balace it is more iortant to try to get satisfaction .
First , happiness comes from inside our min .
We work iht hours a day so if we submege in a blody pnd in a og time cld definitely tr ouelves frustrated .
I uld cose a b wth stisfactin .
In my own cas , I am woking as a co - co in a diner .
Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
Costumr ' satisfaction bins me happiness .
Although the hat in the kichen could burn us , the sile on te customs gives the best curag .
lso , the satisfction from the ustmers pushes me to work harder nd be better on my jb .
Jb satisfaction could ak us to pchase perfection .
The more I cn perorm the mu I can gain .
As a result , job satisfactio is a good way to get bter pa .
I belie I cod soeday become a chef in my on restaurant ad serve my customer a abulou dish .
On t wole , therefore , I feel that it is be to go f a areer that we il ejy if this is possibl .
De Pu ,
What 's up ?
I 'm writing top yu with great news .
I tel you about the conert which I was lt moh .
It was e best concert in my life .
As you know , I adore Madonna .
e can mke very exitng show and surpri her fs .
hy people of my city is orkng to kee it clean .
Purhase gre bins and it have don a graffit that says : eep the city clen is l .
they hve also a playground where children can pla n moms can si on benches and gray hen gradparnts to acompay thir grandchildren 's red deck pintd th some dolls that s .
Wt is my cit cla .
I wi talk bou passion in a life .
passion is the est tng you hav to achieve yr goals .
passion is something makes you happy in your life .
when you hve desire to do something , somehing ou always dream to acheve it , something is touh you inside wh not oly do it but also when thi aout .
yo should calm ow d be away ro the fst lifestyle an ecide to do somethin or apply for a jo whi aks ou rat man , and then ou ll find yor passion
he ome of e Futue .
At the moent we have a ne house with the garen .
u wt wil be in the future ?
Possile we will in a space or unerground .
In he ftue everything n chane .
It a be painted it n colour .
It cn be with the flows .
t I thi tha not many chae .
Probably houses wl be smaer or bigger .
They do o look like big wht bal .
Variety of negtive impacts appears under apid urbaniztion .
Urba flood is one of tem .
Not on h grwig impervious surfces , bu als the " ase " gren infrastructure ontribues to it .
Mountans of studis demonstrated that gree infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effectv strategy to control storm ate .
However , urban food keeps ragin ev wn the amoun of green infrasructure fll ills the orm wter contr needs in so areas .
Wht is h ostale that stopped these green ifrasructures fo providing th ecosystem evice of mitgatig ad eliinaing rban ood ?
each of perso a a favourite port n so do i.i really lke socer beaus it is exciting , i c learn any hig en i play it .
As y no that , soccr is a sot which hs man peopl in a grup , so it requrs us unite and sistance together .
mo of girl do nt like ths , i think tha it takes us enery , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... nd so on .
i pe that ou will ry on it someday ad realize it is correc
Our Mistakes mistake mde us etter than before if in fe we had't g any istae we wod n't sceed tht 's why the mistakes ae er imotant in lf ad I believe our mitke improve us so
but in another way ther just on mistake and you ould o coe ck or aranged your misake
This article is about o I think abou h eficiency of public transport .
As I ied moe tan 12 years on the countryside I a dependent on buss nd trains .
In the morning , I need to get to school a in the evenings public transport heled me to get om .
I hl t opinion th a more frequent and mor regular transport is nedd .
Sontaneous acivities were impssibe as you awas d to an to advance .
I a hrdly waitig for my 8th birthday .
I do agree television advertsing diect ward oug children should not et allowed for seeral reaons .
Fit , ti id of advertisement should be frbidn reasoning the fa youn cilren are still strongly vulnerable .
Kids round tee age ( 2 to 5 yas old ) do ot have a maturated critical sense an anything an easly persuade them .
Fr instance , when I was hee ears o I used to be capivatd for all h ts which er prsented on tv commercials just bcause the a hy were exosed .
One of them was " e ultimate ax steel " wich as about a hundred dllrs .
Secondly , I am ao opsed the allowane of this advertisement becuse he severely cnsequene it causes no he parents and child 's relationships .
It is common we see paens having issues it their kids in ason to this kind of comercia .
Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrcked rlationship , wit the kds .
n example is what happened wt / to my ouin Paicia hn h ha her ist chil caled Sopia .
One day spia got really exced wih an advertisement about baie dol and s could ot think abut anything else thn havg thi oy .
Unfortunately , my cousin i n hve nugh mney to buy it , bu er daughter - a three yrs old k- i n understand it an got anry ih Patricia , do not spekig wel with he for hree weks !
In conlusion , I am stongy favourable to hs satemen . dvertisment or young kids , n ony until 5 ut unl 8 years old should be forden resoning the kd 's ulneability and the risk to teir arets ' relatioshis ith hem .
In lst case , if the advetisemnts were til exose , It wuld be ssential me eucatonal politics come with thm , valorizing and teaching kids on understaning thir parens .
Dear Ms Kae Ashby ,
I read your advertsement in my nespper last week .
You have ked about a server in your cae .
I thik , it 's a great b for me .
I 'm very alented to wo with people .
In my ducaton at schol , i learned to cook nd to wa a tabl .
Also I can wor log ours .
In another job befor , I wred e day for 8 ours .
So I think , it 's no rblem for me , to stay and n e whole d .
I mde e week a nternship in a restaurant in my village .
Tre I sw , how a ventre lk tis wr and you must not to show me te hol work aain .
I 'm really interested in that job .
By t ay I ve ar to the cafe , so I ave a short ty stroe ad ce vey me untual .
Yos sincerely
Niklas Laatos
ar Mrs Kate Ashb ,
I am wiing in reponse to yor advertisement which I w in " The Daily Magazine " last ek .
I old like to be consider to work in you cafe durin weekends .
I am a twenty - year - ol stdent currenly studying fr being a hef .
I consider myself to be a resosible and enthusatic peso .
I am reall interested in dfferent kinds of ood d I lov to ook .
I am some experience in this kind of job as I oked in a restaurant for two years .
I am sd to deal with eple n thei orders to at a also , I am getig used to working long hours as I study while I am tying to g a job .
If y need an furthe information , please do not hesitate in conctact me .
Yous atefuly ,
Yoana .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much bcuse it is not ny dirty streets in it
Th governor of my city ek to develop it ad he said it will be th captl of det actually ater 30 yrs ago
th people in my town deal wi rubish by halty thod , the ciizen collecting t rubbish n thrw it in bi boxes fa wa the city .
Tanta ill be attractive cit nd it ill be important touism point in the uture .
If y are looking or a ovie to se , I recmmed you " Nemo " , it 's th mt beautiful Disney 's movie .
The tory is abo a ople of clownfish o r attacked by a shark , only th d d one bab g survived .
The baby am was nemo .
When mo grws up , he goes to hs first school d , here he is going to be cpture by a an .
The on ting they found w a pair of gooles th said the direccion of h man .
Nemo 's father knwns a ish called Dori hat wanted to helped hi , they cross ll the cean to go to Nmo 's location to ave h , while Nem ris to survive in a dntis hus .
Ty finally meet n get happy gan wth a ot of goo friens .
I think you would love it .
ith love , Santiago .
Tis question is awkwad for me because I do not like spor .
Whn I was young I tried Badmiton , Squa and Tekwondo .
I do n't do prt now ,
I try to ke fit , and I wal one hu every ay .
It is a fact tt pollution is e one of the bgges oncernment of adance wold .
e reaon ca be attrbuted to increased cnsumeristic aure nd nware about wase management .
In te followng paragraphs , am ging to analz tese issuse in a etaled way to provide solution .
Da Tom
I 've fully udestand why is so fficult iding which activity is mo important for Yo .
I tik I would have h sa perpelxity .
However sometimes we ed to sacrifice omething when we do n't have enough tie for everything .
As you know I am a prson wh ike sport d usi , but if I ave to decde wic of tose aciviy are me important the I wuld prefer sport .
I think the hsical civity cn gie us more profit in our li .
For example if o e active evey day , you can keep yor elth in good ondition .
Sot actvty also make us fel moe flexible nd ready to force ery ay .
In conclusion I think yu should ve up you music class .
Regards
Miklaj
Trul , there is no future fo public transport .
Nowaday cars a me affordable than er .
Almost every sngle hosehod s mor ta one c .
Wth the development of the echnologies , people il use ther eas of transport .
Having in mind that the society is so canging , people will tend to choos thir pce of work , which is ner their hoe d wo n't need to spend ime tavelling .
We e wtessing a grat developmen of he work fr home these days , wch will also lead to wer people usig public ranport .
Thr Suggestions to be Doto
Do wn to be doctor?.Many popl around te world at to el people , so tey choose to stuy medical .
If you wnt to be a doctor , ou should do is thee things .
First , you hve to sud ha every single day at the hih schoo .
Whe study hr at the hi school you wil be
By looking at curent situation of people 's lives , we can iagine e canges that ca occu in ftue .
People are not interested in phyical execise & healthy ood nstea they r ver mc intersted in erning mny .
th no physical eecise & Healthy fo people are damaging ther heath and family relations .
Now a days nobody has enough tie to spend th famil , Rather thy prefer to ke mr mon by working extra hours
If people lv the am wy as now , in future eple ll be consider as workng rbots instead of human eings .
When I was a junior hig schol student , I ejoyed paing basketal wih my clasmate .
r oe reaons , I really liked to ply basketball , first , payng basketball can train my musce and mk h body more healthier ; the cond , my classmates a I all know how to wi a game though the basketball game because he sketball game is a teamwork .
If you play th askeball d enjoy the gae , u ju go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to thro the bll into the basket again n aai .
Do n't forget to pla with your friens .
Three paraigm resul frm the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism reearch through e study of te AECIT Conferen roceedings .
They are dstinguished mail by the disciplines fr which they come : marketing a management , economics and eograph .
No everyone has car , so publi transport is nede for evy country .
Public trasprt is helping peopl to gt work on time and elp to rede olluton .
Also , for lo income famile , hy ould n't affrd to buy new ar , then transpostion will help em to survive .
Public ransport is aso educe the aily traffic .
it heps ople to keep track their schede .
helo i like ople d te children and i like to play make fu wih chidren is vry cool .
i , m a vy apy person n very itereste about cookn and l tngs abt the ktchen s ool my deamjo is a co
Hi Micel ,
How e y ? I just wat to say ello .
rrently , I stand at Syntagm suare in Athens an it 's tremendouly hot weather ! Th su is lterlly burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volntees re in an hour .
I am looking forward to it as a small ki ! :)
I had t pleasue to visit ote Sparta at Omonia quae on my fir a in Greece .
I spet ast nigt in ts hotel .
I watched a Greek TV ow .
Dear Dana Ge ,
I get in touch wt you to inform im tt rom ovember 1 different activities will be carried out in Cacre to attract numerous tourts of different plas .
ere will be leaflet , cartels at its dipsal , in which it will be be to fd useums , churces , xhbitions .
Alo , hi ea Cacee is h gastronomic cpital , therefore thy will fid typical mns with products of Extremadur in ts estaurants .
I recommend you to visit Caceres .
T best ting it is what stay for visiting .
If it ha some doubt , do not eitate to cotact with me .
Sela méne
Ágra Manaer
We c really confirm tt hee is no future f plic transport , if so , we will ave to die a car nstead of buig a ticket for pubc ransprt n go to offce , cty , home and so on using private transport , hover we can lso hink tat in the centre hs no parkin c or it is no enough fr he whole private ca , threby , if we use a public ransprt , we can simlfy o lives a spend less mply becase we r able to save mone and tim .
A omparison between peop who like to use a plic tranort and prate ransport shows that first one a av mony a tm but als they are in rlax much mre than pope who use private transport .
Finaly , I do n't think that private transort is uc bete tan pulic transport .
I hop tt those eople who wrote ths artcle can change eir thought and can likely to rit a vey useful arice .
i like volei because it was part of my life nd of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , u i like over sports to , same i do n't lay volei ecase I 'm bad , and my friends that ko , do n't lke of peoples bad of vole .
I'm watching they laying , they 're ealy vr good , but when play er scol , they 're very bad
In moder gowng world , The basic needs of gneral public re increasng day by y d their expectation on quaiy of life took a n dimensions .
When we re in our childhod , we se to deal ith public transpot for goin one pla to aother bcaus ht s nl a cheaper option available .
But toda , Things are getting hage and technology mark a significnt oe in ur life , Automobile segment icrease its vertical and having a car becomes a ed fm luxory .
We cn see nowdays , more and re peole would prfer to use their own a istea of bus or axis ecause te feel comforabe and mobile in it .
A car n hl im to go anywhere and antme in muh less time as compared to public tranport .
I believe , as soo as Automobile sector devlop nw technology in cars peopl ill more ee to us thir own vhile instead or public trnport .
Ther are ny reason responsible f a bettr understanding etween parents ad chid .
The first reason is no other than geeraion ap .
hat is more , parets always consider their child es .
rents often cmpar child to others also pla a ro in this case .
As ar as I know ho to better understaing between parn an child .
Accoring to the presen sitution it is a pit tat their reltive influene happiness family .
Therefoe it is an important that we suld cerebrate his prolem .
The sum up t above argument , we shold take som measures and ave ositive attitude .
On the one hand , we my take a communication form , it cn hae everyone 's cerbration .
On the other an , we shuld sta in other point d think heir reasons .
Oly by talking yur points with your arnts n prove all th problem .
Futhermore talking wih paents can prvide argued with them .
Al in all , if u er to do this , your arets wll not blame o yu .
the welnes depend on three impotant faors : sort , nutrition a sle .
h factor that we tk bou is sport .
the sprt is very important for th healh .
the sport increase our physica performance .
the are a lot typ of spos bu n of them is the most practce in the world : the football .
fotbal is a siple sort , here h laer must kik t al in th ppoent goa . in his spr , o mprove princpally the leg muscle but all your body oe .
homeer t footall is so competitive .
al te saes in the orld he an ow league .
the best thee team in t national league c take part at champions league ( in Eupe ) or Asian league ( in sa ) an so on .
latel a l of child ih to be a profssinal player d they prctce th sport every te and everywhere to improve the thinique .
homewer a ot of hm ca n't reach this scope for a lt of rasons : no money , the height ( all tm require a tall layr ) and so on .
th football is ey fun ad o cn pl it everywhere ih someone .
e otball is a sport tht group an fun a lt of naion .
For us ( Mainque and ucia ) omputers oe n't have to relac the humans . bcause ey do n't have brain and ca n't eel nythig .
Computes do thing that huan could n't , or it 's vy dficult or it ake so much ime .
ompters have to obe ordes of umas .
Computers depend on humans fr teir exitence .
A it is oing to be or a t eternity .
Humans is t es ! ! ! !
h grap is aken from h ebsite " Statistien aus Deutschland " .
It depicts te growt of th population in " Gemany " .
The diagramm shws the development of 1998 to 2014 .
Th graph comprise ony German people and no miants .
u n se it rose sharp in 2003 .
In 2005 was a low but it grew tan again .
199 you are able to se ta it decreased slightly .
" The Exocist " , te fil .
" Th Exorcist " , is one of the most exitin and asonishng triller that I have ee in my lif .
Acor 's interpretativos ae sublime , a thy me o feel afraid al fil .
Especial effects are amazing .
Een though is destacable h fdelity ih the text of the nvel .
On thing tht I fid inteestig , is that ths film is atempora ; I mean tat yu can watch in any decade of your lf , n ver seems a nowadays film .
Ti cofirm " The Eorcit " is a great film .
owdays , wh th development of society , a large numb of forests ad ands are replaced by blcks nd ransport ntworks .
Th will ause thee problem to we humans ad animals .
First and formost , it can make contaminations to e envronment , which cn affect r alth
Through hs comparison the author wants to ark ta the pagan sprng festival y look ike celebration of chrisin beliefs , but it is not .
On Ester tim the imporant thing is to conecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , h pagn spring festival es n't focous on consecrtion ut rthe on celebraton
My wn takes car of the nvironment because the peole of my town y to pat h many tree ad plants th ca .
The people of my twn try to lant plant in e cntr or somewhere is to ske , so ty try to ke the a at rcommended lels.on he morning a lot of peopl go on footto the work or to the schoo or ride a ike or ey take the bus .
The people try to move e local factories out of coutry where is ss r pollte , less smoke , less cars n more forests and plants .
travelling by is convenient but for ss poeple public traspor is vey important ad much need .
no of al eope cold aford to mae conveyenc by a .ca is asy nd czy alo t publi traspt is ir is much affodable to all clasess of poepe
pulc trnsport means mainl pubic bus.peol used to travell long disistance by publi bus .it is possibe to carry large number of peoe of different pces to crry in bus .
Coat of arms of the ty of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldc shild , ovr which - green with golden beach per for which t output is lac rebelin bear hoding in e left leg on he left shoulder golen ax , undertwo siver starlet
I like to drve moped bcuse I lo speed , a s fun to go ou and riv wt your fiends to a e or maybe a BBQ pty .
I dri a Zündap KS50 , it is an old moed rom 1975 .
hello
my ae is Mustafa I am 23 years old nd I am Sdent in collae I search for job b I do n't fid a job
I wish at my couny become a ret countr ad bter and I wish to married ho I love her
thank y
Why do culture ifferences sometimes ause a divisn of a country ?
Recentl Scotland realy has ' t h wrld ' for sme of the Scotch hae tried her best or te Sotand referendum .
Athugh I ke th there is some conflicion beten England and Scotland , but he vote as really shockd me .
Hoeve , jut as I thought , more than 50 perent Scot voted ' no ! ' , so Sotland did n't separad fro the Unitd Kigdm .
Public trnsport is here to st .
- This goes without saying crs are mch more coneient thn late trains , but I ca n ree ith the veral statement although I do abhor sig public transport .
I av ben trvellig wi both for yeas , and I rekn each nd everyone ends up needing public tansport n day or another .
I wod be a d oblivious thinking vehicle ownrsip is ganted beforehand when younger .
As a grown - up now , I no full wel hw more afordable public transport is aleit less than bfre .
Dear Juan , we mve to ondo or h holida in December , to a hue nd eautiful house with a big garde , grae d a tenni pitch .
In fornt live the ricard 's famil .
ichards parents are a good nighbours .
They are octor in a serious hospital .
The likes go t wi frinds and go to a aries , ichar has gt a tortoise call " Peny " .
In this area there ae a lo of clhes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sprt shops .
The chol is near and it is n't neesary to take a s .
I 'm so appy wit thse holidy , I pe know god pople a visit beautiful places .
ov , se you on .
The rapd avacing information technoogy and the eveopment of Internet netorks eale te evoltin of banking atiities at a comprehensie level .
Th conecivity derived om Internet provides the invalual business tool for online bking .
It influenced th consumers behavior on banking srvices .
The consumers rom trditional branch bnkin moving towards usig eletronc delivery channels like persna computer ( PC ) d moil phones is the ms fundamental changs .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , i , C.a Yo , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared wih the past when we ue horse o transportation .
Dd te eope have e sam oinion that tere is no future fr transport , and we only an use hre ?
The rson o why we hav such impovement is tha the technology an innovation have changed our lfe .
Cars replaced he hor , a ee ple have replaced the cr fr on distance trnsportatin .
So I thin there will be future for ublic transportation , n his ay beause of the updated tecnologes .
My favourite sport is a football socer because it is the mos popular on t worl .
Ater scool my friends an I go to a pk to play soccer , we play or wo hours .
hn they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her som chicken soup wth a lale , so e could drinr easily , e stared eeling much beer so hy decided r mom and Dniea to leave Fenand on their house so se could et some rest nd so he could at mre chicken soup , becaue hey wt Ferand to el bter .
anila 's mo and her returned to the park , to continued pking the trash from he gras .
Later they went to see a grotesque strok , after Fernand cyin clld Daniela 's m because se als felt bad with he chicken soup , d s anted to know in w mc time they 'll returned to their houe .
So Dania 's o and Danila arrived at home at 11:00pm it s obscue d ty would n't me ble to see Fernda , on tha tie the lght rned off , ad thy try to t thm on but he lights i n't turn on .
They slept , at th next monin they lgt turned on , and they aw Fernanda standing in front of them ver ired of waitng hm , so h et any with hem and ent to h room and she did n't come ou from r room .
Her mom tried to tell Feranda tht the arrived ver lt because they h a vy perplexed problem , so r m tol he that the cam ou from the park at 9:00p it was still late t not t late , so thy wre on the stree and th police arrved because they police thouht that s d a globe with wi , ad her motr told e poice that she does n't have acoho or wine on r car , and the poli d n't belived her and te took thm to he police station so they cod check is car , an aou 10 mutes approximately tey told hr that e d n't have nothing so hey , went rom there to ther hose a it was late , so that 's the reason .
She h allud the police beoe that she i n't have anythig on the r .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she stared prying on h mo wallet if she i n't hae anhing about te police or somting and s did n't have anythng so e orgave r .
But Fernanda summoned up the corage to a he if h was n't ellng n lies to r , ad e mm told hr hat she o that is n't an lie .
Hello Maria ,
thanks a lot for your resnd .
ee some information aut us .
We are married couple , both 32 yeas old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubüden .
I am originally fro Ukraine , was living rom 009 till at ya in ermay a an is rm Colombia , since 3 yer in Switzerland .
We 're moving to Zürich cause of my husbands ' o in te nw pening hote Kircasse , igt in e cner fm the apartment .
Ad i ill start sudyng in the Belvoirpark hotel shool , so we 'll an to ret he apartnt fo at least 3 ears or even longer .
We 're ooking o a new ic hoe d so we ae rly intreted to keep your place tide an ak care but it as it were our own .
If yu 'd le we could et the recommendations fm r previous landlords .
I hoe this informaon is enough fo the beginning a we cn have th possibility to meet o and introduce ourselves in erson .
Ths week we ar flexible to com over fr Tursdy to Saturday , and the days beor ny in the evenng .
Lookng frwrd to hear from ou n wish you a nice y .
Kin reards
Kae and Jn
If I tol yo that , Travlling with a cr or by u , which o you wl pik .
a lot of eple noaays will take hir w r , it 's eaier an flexble .
ut why public transport have no ftue to tand n keep going ? , that 's ecase of the people that changing ther mind , they start like having their wn way to travel , Pivac aso an important eaon , pople need to ave a private means of transportation .
th 's why the is no future for publi tanspor
I prmise to lea r mat the whole wek .
But every ti , I get trubbel .
I know I have to lea u to start leaning is n't easy .
I do n't wn to study bu there is no way out .
I hae to .
My favorit ort is footbal , t principal reson hy I lie it is bcaue when I wa youne , I plae with my friends d we o togethr to lay every dy .
I emember thos yars d I old ke that my ildren will practise it when the will be oldest , an interesting sport .
My favourite tem in pan is Real Mdrd , the bes team .
If I wre football player , I woud lik played in this team , bu I hink that it is ery difficult becau , nl h best playes gets it .
owaday I ik ther spts to practis : nnis , Basketball , ... but I prfr playing football wh my mat on weekends , nd then we drnk so beers in h b to cebrate the vicory or he efet .
ese moments are vey special an I pe to be able to enjo for many ear .
Finally I reomend this sport for he cid in oer to get a healthy life , get tgther th ter riends a orgt for uch time alcohl and drugs .
I lv sprts and I beeve to practise it is the best to get a od life .
I am hre to wre aot a composition abt pblic transportation in Somali speciall he capital city Mogadishu where thee is a little pblc transport comaring to our neighboring ountries . thre is a scarcity of public trnsprt n hre is on typ and moel hih Van as well as ery disrcted roas hich a cause collateral dame .
Sometimes passengers nd drivers face risks and road blocks which usally happen wh the Soai governmn leaders ar travelling crss the city and evn broa .
So havin good infrastucure els a lot n costant pec an the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
Thanks .
Hello frens , ou 're welcome to Puerto , he we have a t of sps .
at would you ike to b ?
We have a commerial ceer very nice .
If you want you can buy a lo of thins there .
1 . Is it psible to go without compression machine ?
Will we ca to compess dct anualy ?
2 . I 've noticed ha te maine cost is ighr than it 's been anteriorly .
Please , send to us actu sri material prce .
3 .
If we at to produ spio ducts d othe articles in future .
Do we av to by one ne special mhine ?
As for as public Tansport you ca ae ul as well as pollution t it take re time to rach t destination .
while if you hav or o conveance yo can save time d reover it is sf .
t most important thing is there uld be huge traffic on the roads and raffc mvemnt wl be ery slo .
u eepin in view of environment we shoul prer to use pulc transpot
USA UMMER AMPS VCNT
Da al
I am writing yu because I am interted in th j of summr amps .
My nae is Andreas Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologc of Monterrey .
I ie goin to cam because I love atue a I delght to now new people ound e wol .
I consider a fiedly and cheerful person because I lwys hav a smile in my face .
Evry tim I have a lt of energy .
I have eperienc working with chiren , my experience is about to years in umer caps around the world .
I had been workng in sport events ke organizer .
Currently , I am working in the rcing Tec of 5k an 10 on Cuernavaca , Morelos .
I do n have experience orkin in h kchen .
Hwver , I know to cook every kind of food .
I hope a repond n fel fr to contact me .
Yours Sincerely ,
Andreas Csta
m98fhdf.mn4@htmal.com
23 5 89 .
I lie in Bhubanesar with my mily .
About fift thousand people live in the city .
It is clean and environmentally friendly city .
e city a its own public transporation sysem , wate managmnt ystem .
Popl live here take ar of city environment , so e cy beame clean an green place .
The city contain bout thirty public parks .
The pas a ull of greenery ; hese parks also used as plygrond o children .
Trees in the prs ae not sufficient as per requirement of our cty .
Te yr efore , local governing ody of th city dide to plant mr te nd it asked advice fom he citizens of the city out h propoal .
Everbod got interested in the project .
We plated trees nar side of hihway , uned lands , and outide of the cit .
ow these trees are gronp .
It give sads , shelter to aimals , ad purif air .
he trees re ao stop il ersio in rain sean .
Our ity ve a well equippd waste managmen sytem .
Each house in t ty ae two verity of dustbi to keep recyclable nd non - recyclable items separaely .
In Moring , wat collection truc me and it tae these ast .
Thee waste materials are processed wi environmentally friendly .
The last film I w was no n , in at it s " Te Others "
Th ters is a film at is ased on a family that lves in a house nd in ths where mn strangers this happen .
h principal character is Grce that is the motr of her two chldren Nicholas an Ane .
The hdsband of rac is caled Charles .
In the im there were servants , the wre Brtha Mills , Mr utle an Lydia .
is ilm is abu a family that lies in a vey big hous .
Charle as to go to the war and Grce and her sons stae in ha ose but ot tey were t ale tey er with Brtha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
The problem is tat the mother started to liste many wear snds and er sns were n ong them , so who wa te responsible .
er sons have a problem the ca nt e he natura ight and e they Grace ot up becaue her hildren were outing and crying so she went to ther edroom nd the curtin was not ter so she go to the ther room and the courtins ao wre o thre so h stars getting nervous an mor nervou so she go a tk to the servants , so e got ve angry ad she told te go ou of my hous and they d t are so he pick up a gu and the old lady returned her keys .
Then man things hapned , and then tey discover that the ghost were not the ervants .
Of curs I recommed his moi , beause it is very ineresting and in some par is funny o , and Nicole is the principal charcte so I love it !
In my opinio I do nt aee wt wt journaliss do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many prforances I do not like every hur of t day to be pursued by journalists .
In dditon , veryoe want to hve a momnt of prvacy d beause journalst papparazzi n no have a mont to relax , tutoring or children or dependent on wht else ou at to do it an you can not becau journlists .
And another reason why I have so right in wh I h to sy in the rank above yo eel if you were in gae the people are lway these people and destroy families because hy declare fals Intrigue sometimes .
Sometimes abuse the igh to be a journalist with ll sorts of questions th no response or have a partial respose to thee famous peole can say that journalists have a strssfl o for ome peole .
n finaly I wol like to y y are aainst these pple , or still migt chan their stl and verythng wod be ok !
My fiance is 28 yer old .
He is young and hndsome .
He as a hor lit brown her and blck ye .He has a ligh berd .
MTASEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g n has a wight skin .He le going to t beach and he lve swimming .He is a casul clothes earing su Shirt nd jas which ostl ble , Gray and Bck .If yu see him you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASEM is ni a lovely fiance he love hi job as he is Ptiet wl dog has jop .he is a ad woer he has azing laugh
.When ou started tlk with him you will be insie by is knowledge an is wy of talk he have the alet to Convices
tough .
He is orderly an lea m .
He is tip of person you ca n't fogt easy .
My fmly is my best friend to me .
I have fathr , mother and three sisters .
My parents are on pais , my first sister is 37 year old , s is marie a he ha 2 chilren Zyad ad Yassi , her am is eman .
My eond sister is 34 years old , se is sile ad she wors as a customer service ent , he na is Syma .
My third siste is 29 yars o , sh is married and she has 2 children na nd Salah , e nam is sma .
Asaa is the best frend to me in my family .
I always fe hpp at God has ranted me a good nmbr of family mmber who alwys care of me .
Even houh I awas thought that doing a as with family is baseless but fter my marrae I understood an importance of amly o alas at to make hppy .
I have a little toddler ih whom I love to share my feelings , he always give me a nice g aer I retur rm the office .
I el proud to hug it hm with ul of my emotions nd I forget all h sres developed in the offie hurs .
In at , I do n care so mu in repect of having od amot of tock , I always enqred aout availability nd love to et anything new f my sweet home .
I do not nw why his kind of feeling aose , t whateer it is , I enjoy my days wi amily members .
hllo Pierre ,
I uld like to thank y o yu help me .
u send me a lot of information , but the ot important was about t culture .
My teacher said tt I hae had a antasti proje .
I 'm very happy .
Ksss ,
aia
owday , the number of endangered pecis hs inreased .
Aactivist of animas rghts claimed hat the reason is he keeing anias in o .
Bt t of eople ayng that , the oo cn protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do wih tht problem ?
To sum up , there re l of cleary strog arguments for against keeping animals in o .
In my opinio people sold uld some kind of wildlife prs . This soluton will alow
peple to watch animals in thi natural environmet , an mot imrtantly , wl allow
nimls to sfely reproduce .
It 's really expensie sollution , but we mt do at fr
u next generatis .
Nowdays , the nume of endangerd species h ireased .
Aactivist of aimals ight claie that te raon is h kepng anmas in zoo .
But lot of eople saig that , e zoo can prtectd endagered spices agains illegal pochers .
So what should we do with tt rblem ?
To sum up , thre are t of cleary strong arguments fr again keeping anals in z .
In my opnon pepe shod buld me ind of wildlfe parks . This soluion wil alw
people to wath animals in tei natural environmnt , d most importantly , will allow
nials to safely reproduce .
It 's ally epensive olluion , bu we must do tht for
o next enerations .
My on is lled Assuit . the eople er , have no knwlege out how to use ther rubbish.pole throw their rubbsh everywhere . on the ther hnd , we hen't any kind of aw , tt can imit that action ; I mean rubbish throwng .
So if we stil doig oting new , out coury ll still unatractive .
Huas prefer luurous life .
Pblic transport is a it uncomortble .
With the coming of ca , people are uin public transor rrely .
Everone prefer to hav hs / r wn c.so the fuure of public tanport is vr dark .
This is an alarming sue that nee to be ddresse at earlist .
Because if eveyone uses his / er ar pollution will ncrease n at will evetualy affect every living eng .
T " Caa Alaro rstaurant " is a estaurant situated in alença , a sall city in h orth of Portugal .
There we ca a a lot tyes of dishes but the mos popular dish are " costea " nd " bacalhau na brasa " .
e retauran won a Michelin ta in 2013 .
The restaurant is very wl ituate with a big parking an a beautiful landscape .
As your enter h place you are welcomed by magnifcnt setting , a lot of photographs of etaurant 's stry nd y av a wonderful iw of the kitchen where you can see the chefs oking so u can see h quality of the food .
Th chefs ake grt care in selcton te best qualiy ingreiets and the srice is grat .
Te ients do n't av to wait a lon time until the dish is done while clients ae waiting they always give bread ad wine
The prie of the foo is expenive u nohing pays a good mal .
In th end of he meal you hve to sgn a bo to reall in the futre .
Dear U UMME CAMS ,
I am interested in orkig at your suer am rogrm .
My ne is Abel Freira n I am 14 yer od .
I speak English and I really like to work with kids n this is my ream jb .
I am the suitable prson r the job ecause I lke to care of kids and I he te caability of big empathic with other people .
I hve gd ablites ; such as , oganizng the acivties d help e id to keep their rooms tdy .
I will wait or your answer ,
Abe Ferreira
The chats below give the nformation about h mst importent reasons for stuy among studns of differnts ge groups also e amount of sport they received frm emloyers .
The ist chart is the rsons or tuy according to e of student .
r carreer hs 80% ner 26 yer old students e akn it , fo te age ovr 49 yers old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you conper itrest , it is ttoly different ; fo uner 26 ears old hae only 10% ; but o oer 49 ers old it has 70% .
Howvr , for 40 - 49 yrs od it is bt 40% or career d inerest .
Th the crt is about employer upprt , under 26 years o is t mot higters becas it lmot ha 70% , e sctd higterst is age 26 - 29 yea ol ; it has 50% of pple r ake ; niy yhe ms lower is 35% ae of group a 30 - 39 ears o .
The best places fr young people to visit in Swede is Stoholm it and few more places tha can be exitig .
In Sockhlm you can do whatever you want , there is pace to enjoy o everyone .
You c visit d ciy and wath o buildings and casel , o a wah the batiful view from bridges over the water .
oung people m lie to tak a walk in king gaen , her is sakura tees .
If you ik nght lif u a go to some as and nit clubs ta are en till morning .
But there e o place that i meant in the beggining , it a ig zoo called Komorden ad biest aquapark in candinavi th called Ruha .
Deer headteacher ,
As a tuent at a local school , i would like to say that to delete he field tips
is n't od for stydents .
First of a , to ge sdents utgoing frrom the lassrom students ak a reac of e school routine .
Fythermor , going on the fiel trips ive student a change to expiriament thinks f themshelves .
In adition , field trip are imrtant pat of r shoos acivities .
This is why I elive that the field trips are oo fr kids .
from
spyro in Klithea .
Hi dm ,
Nice to wie to Yo !
Unfortuntely , I saw ou last time mny days ao .
Do You know I me bc from udapest ? .
Y kow I as thre on te trip .
As You cn imagine , I visited a lot of onumnts an cahedrals which I coud se n know omethin w about te .
As I discered , the river Dnube is te lovelest of others .
It 's evn the longest river I whenever saw .
An Yu ?
ow was your trip ?
a it as god as mine ?
Write to me aout wh wre you ding there .
est wise , Julia
My na is Maria .
I am from Spain .
I iv in Tarana , a small town nr to Zaragoza .
I am an architct since 203 .
We I was studying , I lived in Sn Sebastian .
S Sebastian is a on near h sea .
When I was eighteen ears old , I et out of my he .
I lived in a esidece for o yers .
Aftr , I wa living in a la .
My flatmatter is my best rien today .
She is Azucena ad nowadays , she ies in Toulose .
My husband and me , ofen go to Toulouse to visit zucen .
If Azucea does o liv tee , We wuld ot no Toulue .
I like oulouse vey much .
It is an l city , wit rd buildng .
Toulouse buildings ae built wt bricks , red bricks .
The mot iportan sret in Tulose is Boulevard Chausse , n it is ner to the rive .
T river is in tououse is Garona .
Helo Alison .
H are y doing ? .
Ssn tol me hat u nee to khonw a cople of things before our vsi to Sain .
We av custm as iesta , Seaa Sna and San emínes in Pamplona .
Spanish people lov spedig time with thei family and friends .
We are sociable ad elcoming people .
We uully eat housemade food .
It 's ha we cll Mediterrann diet .
It 's inlude vegetaes , meat , ish and olive o .
In our aly lie we wae up earlier in the morning .
We tk a showe , we hve breakfas d we go to work .
Please , ro me a line as soon as you cn .
Be wishes .
Isabel
Pete looked at hs wtch nd knew that he had to do something immediately .
In that moment , he kw he 's decision was ong to afect his hole life .
He tought how could he olv his problem and nally he decied to bra o .
en he was scaping rm the prison , he bmp on an old frid callled Charlie .
Charlie was the only men that cud hep i sape .
Wy I enjoy my favouite sport ?
So I thin my favorte spr is go walking through the nature .
I lov it , we the temratur is a little t cold , but not too mu .
I can relaxing , when i al lone and ea h noise of he brs in e trs .
I live in a little vilage near a forest , so I c go everydy wlking thrug it .
Thee r so ch animals nd when u e quie , you can se a eer or a fo .
A sometimes I take my caer wih me , because I love photography an there are so muh grea motifs .
Rest ... aurant .
her 's notng like eating !
We al gree on ta , eaing food is oe of the best moments on our day , it 's like word sops for a ew minutes in hic you e just enjoyig your food .
But thee 's a iffeenc between ating a good mel , an eaig by the ay .
In this opportunity i 'm ging to al out different col estaurants we coud hooe at the moment of goi out as t lse of clases .
Michael decded to open the dr and ac for her , he thought better the hings he do not ant to leave her agan , he ik her , he knows himslf ad he wnts to nw hr , he hae kep all s feelings for a lng ti .
Wic was th reason ?
he resn is t next , the days go , he was working whn a girl of his jb asked him whether he hd grlfrien and he ol , I h ne , come on yo know my ex - girlfriend then she ony walked without tll nothig .
it was strae for Michael .
He remembred , two ears a whe he d been working an he ecded to back home ealy wile he had bee bcking to home he s h girlriend wth other guy ey we huing .
he arrived te hom n he oly though and thought all night it was the econd ime that se a een unithful nce te he is alone .
Today in the oring he have nt gon to work and he ws staying in a pu to drn br , then a girl went to him , he ew hr , she is Abigail .
Ti gl is an acquantance im .
They were talking abou their lives and he remembeed like he knw he on the bs , abe e have alwa been th man of hi live he looked at es nd smile he want to ask he whter n is n lae to satat to know her but he decided leave the p he waed to ei .
inally Mcael clsed he door d kne at th moment he d made a mistake .
I had a errible eperienc in this hinese ew Yr!Because Norovius infetd me!At first , I had a hgh feve ut I thought if I take se medine I wll be fine .
Therefore , my condition took a sharp trn for the worse .
I a n at anything een in N Year 's Eve and I was so tired ht I an not py pke it my cousins .
Thgh everythings were depressng , I stil have a wonderful wner vacation wi my faily : we we to ormosn borignal Culure illag(九族)to isited t blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variey~Is it from Japa??XD)Cerr blossom is very beautiful ut here r so mn peopl .
When we went to S Moon ak by able car , wd is so strong!I lt a little nervos thuh h scenery amazin .
All in al , I stil have a memoabe vacation .
Hi Luke ,
I tried that new prgramme in t iterne for Egish laners caed rite n Imove from Cambrdg English .
I liked the way t pge tells ou your prorss a arks your mistakes so you cud fix th .
I hpe to s yu soon .
oge .
We r approving an incentive amount of Rs .
00 per mont for K Murli and Rs .
500 per month f K Sivakumar or wrking as an cting Territory In - charge .
We ill revie ther performance in a period of 6 months a acrdingly will dede on any uard / downward evison in her slar .
ompan also eservs it 's right to disotinue e ncntive amount if thei performance is not found as per the jo descrption .
My livg ro is the est oo in my hose because it is big , comfortable and beautifl .
Ter a sme images r my amiy on e wall .
Thee is a coffe ble made of od wh a ler gss .
Aso on h sofas ere are many colorful Pilos
hre is a bokcas net to te ocking chair nd when I have a re time I sitting on it and rading a book .
There are three sos around a coffee table a it is so comfotable .
When I want stuying o exams going to te living om and sitting rot of TV
In additio , thee is a small blackboard for my littel rther ecause my mohe wants my prother lear Arabic a Enlih leters .
There is a small gry carpet uer th cofee tabl and it proects he thig from beakge .
For his reason I spend os of my tme ther
On the othr nd , h economic siuatio plays an mportant roe .
It is very ommn ht the bad economy of some countrie fore hei people to emigrate to aothr ountry .
When this phenomno occur most of the migrants need to ean the ne languge to adapt to the w evronment .
As a consequence , they forgot thr first language .
nother important point is h necessty of approval by some som indigeous groups or eole that emigrat fro te countryside to the city in order to e a better lifestyle .
It is not a surprie that this siuatin is something mre frequent evey day .
We are facing a crucial oment du to e extictio of os of t indigenous languages .
Public tanspot will be worse in the uture ta travelling by cr beause it is uncomfortable an sowly .
In Sin many people will travel in thir r or by ca ith thei colleague or finds , tis transport is quick , but it is uch moe expensive .
If you travel with her people it is the same expens than public ranspor .
In my opinion sharing a car we ill arri at wok on time d when we will finis work we cn go directly hme .
I thin public transport is n't th future because may people today live outside he bi cties in the suburbs .
h aprments in te cities are mch more exensive and th people prefer to tavl in thei car .
I thi thee is no utre or pbic tranport , becaue tavellng by car is so ch more convenient .
ut it 's beter to travel by c pooing .
People who nes to go in the same direction , meet each other and use only ne r .
Tis is convenient for the cost of travelling , ecaue ery cost is divied for te participan a is an experience to meet other people .
Hi Jo ,
My county ey inteesting place , we have ore ancint ad mistyc lace .
ou n travelling to Samarknd , Bukhara , Khiva and anter hitorica citys .
Ou national foods are vey delicious .
I think , you could nt work in my cunry , ecaus it illegal o foreiners .
Dr ck
Thanks for you letter .
I w very glad to read about our ne .
You tod me aout you usual weekends d asked me to tell ou about my weekens .
At the weeend I usually go to e city centre with my friends oo .
We meet near fst foo nd fer at we decide where to go .
In the centre ity we can go to other shopping cener suc as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpn".Last eekens we visited Passage .
In his shopping ceter I bought new ue skirt .
After th we went ou fvrite ar - cafe .
We lke it ecuse cafe has beautiful desgn and asy food .Aftr tha we went to wak on mbankmnt .
It is all u plan .
Hope to ea from you on !
Al e best .
iz
Fst of all , thak you profesor to teach in te meantime , the enie ours of e learn really benefited , especill in t first meeting , for British English , I stil di not really understand , it mke me frustrated , but graually after I foun h beautiful of te language in British Engis , I tnk it 's ll because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's esy to ean , and ou really ery arefully an very hmorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronuciaton corretion f each student , usg a variy of readn skils l us immerse te read .
I ve to listen to British English , but it 's really hr to study , l because we are ll earning merican Enlish in Taiwan , so whn I have the opportunity to contact rtish Enlih , it 's full of te cadence , aways feel particuarly chaing , and British culture exue noble temperament , so Brith accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance quaities .
And th stengths and weanesses in both of segmnal d suprasegental , I think it 's aybe h larning habi , whe I heard a setenes , I woul use many vaieies of tone and manne to say the enteces again , hrefore , I can esil be interpreted illustrations instructions the motions an feelings .
Oly possbe in segenta ronunciation , the occasional misse a few notes , such as -d , I id t noticed thi becase when I eliberatel stress -d , I fod t ton and moo me lkey to bcoe very weird , tis is the biggest poblm I 've encountered in pronuncation teaching .
I 'm n teachg English in my w school , bu in te futur if thee is e cnce I will efinitey iv it a try , esecialy in the currculum learned som teahing tips , the biggest ai his cors is to read picture ooks to ed and record , becuse that and English proficiency is not jus trining , but will ote tt strethen tir pronunciaton ad intonaton , nd he eac time peer feedback al cmplted te listening exercises .
If I ave an opportunity to back on English teahing , I think I wil try this skill to et my studens to do he recordings her training , then make hir English better ad bter .
My villge is in the oth of the rgion of th Extremadura .
h popuation of my villag is abot sixteen hundred eople .
It is situated on te inland .
h irst sto r os visitors is the church bcaue the neighbors clean nd care .
The town hall put in te streets continrs r trash d the rkers of tom hl clean the streets .
Besides this , everybody ceas teir doors to ep it tdie up .
Wha 's mre , al eple nce a year , plan tees in all vilag for it is mo beautiful .
To begin with , nowdas me and oe people prefer tevelling by cr rather th by u or trai .
Certany , it is mr comfortable to trel by your on transport wth your family or yo riend . You cn stop and hve a rest whervr you at .
You can change your plans and cose another direction .
For differentiae betwen old coputer and comptrs tody , would first hv to describe each type of machine .
I stt describing old computers which we aw in the vido were few simple machines ( at e time they were created ) ad coverig an eormou room .
On to of that hese macines onl ored when it is wrote an order to the computer .
Thee we expeietial mols .
Visually cols ranging on te scren wre the lac and green .
urrently in the 21st century , computers hav had a vr lo technology avace which rnge fro e oftare and the size iterna mmor ( bgge than t old cmputers ) , he size of the computer ( which is aried bu more smaller han the prviously computers ) and i shape , the weight of it ( ty e mre lihweight ) ad variatio in t colors of e sceen ( visall ) .
Finalize can tell th ih e passage of ti people we change the way we ee the world , com into pay evoltion , nt ny of technology bt also of society , eligion , et .
sential in the life of people , t sow wi be fators that huan will not be able to modify and it is better to continue as they are .
Soetimes faous eple at to be alone withut any journalist .
In my opinion , taing aone means ta yu have smethin to thnk about , for example to hin about our ded .
Journalists follow you ad they do n't give yu to ive suc as oral pupl .
To tell ou t tuh , I lke being aone ey often .
To be on my on and watch the her people live .
I aways wear a mask , I an be myself only wth my cose pple .
In the en , I want to tell you that we ar not robots , everyo deerv that they want .
My opinion it 's opposit of them of this composition .
I id n't he a car .
Every day I se to takn public transport .
I live in a iy , and for an people liv like me , the most onenient transport is the pblc transport .
ith a cr in te cit , we have ome prblems .
there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking pae .
Eey a , the populatin sends a o of time in e traffic conestion .
It 's a very good ethd to trav in te city .
A car oblem is e expensiv price of the ful .
I like pulic transpo and I love my planet . I think th best metod for reduc the olcion .
It 's se to public transport .
but it 's onl my ersona opnion .
You address :
Date : 17 January 201
Dear xxx .
day I will alk about my smme camp job , pepole of all ages ned to wk in smer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 ears .
I love to work in he smmer cam job to mak the eercise every hp in usa shod make e summer camp job , I am he right persn to work bcaue I 'm very exercise and I ' lve to wor in the ktchen , beause i am the rgt chie in the summer am o .
I am reall very prd to ok wh u , yu will e my onderfu launch and dessert . Thnx g to give me thi job .
A representative to mae an invstigatio so that ton akes are of e environment .
One thousand people by eighteen and moe are uestions in my ton about their way kes
care of t environment .
Investigation reveals te youngsters are moe than ee owr to
ave the word rom waste an pollution .
In this case , a representative p all imes the published in t train , the bus and the chol
annonced the w take about the town .
In addition investigation ca brng wihin company in
tow showing h il poer changing of he abit .
Ter e a sevice representativ whose occupied the rubbish hard planning of ay .
cording the inqst , a representative works with cpany of the recyclage .
There r evices which an to clean and pick up t rbbis eey ay .
I 'm going to ite about my apartment .
It 's in AL - Suaymanyih district .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Steet .
It 's in the secd floo .
It has three bedrooms , and it has two livin room .
Aso , It s a spacous kitchen .
However , it has a ic ad hre bathroms .
My aprtment is ver beutifu .
It is modern and spacio .
It 's er the osque .
Also , it is nr Bandati Minimarket ad AL - Shafa Hospital .
Abot 500 meter to AL - aam Mall .
It has some disadvantages lk , it han't a raivte parking .
Ao , the street where it ha a l of affic .
fer that , it hsn't a rivr roo .
Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lt avantage re th ts dsadvataes .
It has a great location .
An Unforgettable Lesson
There re various inds of ifferent things that appened in peoele 's life , ome may be normal a nothings special , while others may be meaningful n unforgettable tha you will remerbr it r a on tme .
ae y evr ha thi experience ?
When I am in lmentary school , I joined a peakng cntet , but I failed , n I had broken - eared .
Base I seldom practiced it .
But soon I de up my mi , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent orver I wan some change , hoping I will be eter in the nxt year .
So I practiced it day and nght .
No mattr it is sun or rai , wnd or rm . And also sked teahe for help .
Eventually , I got umber three in e comts .
Throgh ti tim , I learn that win an le is t th most ignificant thing .
The most important is that you a earn a valeabe lesson from failure .
Prctice n ak perfect .
And never give up .
Relve/ ertrmine / insistence
My counry tnessed a tremendou change in te last e years .
10 years g , I was a hid , a I can seld eat meat in dinner .
t nw , I feel uncomfortable witho ood everyday .
Peop 's eath
Nowadys you people 's ealth is n't as heahy as for example twety years ago .
ne eason or the change ay be du to the stle of life that people have .
Currently we do uualy less exercise than before because we us our ar to go anywhere .
Whereas our syle of food has canged er much .
We do n't eat at home nd it 's very cmon eatig junk food every wek .
On the other hand , hildren a se to eat nly wh they want becase in geerl they do n't like legumes , vegebles , fruits , fish ...
Th like eating junk food , hamburers , Frenh fie an sweets and what 's more thy do n't do any exercise .
Al these rasons could be ery bad or their halt in the futur .
So it 's ve imporant to giv he a healthy education .
To sum up , it is very impotant to be conscious but h ood affect ou healt .
ht 's the reason fo we hav to do more execse , eat less f n more vegetabl a teach ou children to eat better nd healthier thn they are sed to do .
My opinion ofselfemployment
I never eve wanted to be selfemployed .
My dad n my grandfathr had un their own business o more than 20 years .
My mother alwas tl me that my a d ver time for er ad my sibings .
When I wa brn my dad decided to uit hi company to get ore time f hs family .
Nowdays , he cr owes have been ncreasing in many countries , especially in eveloped countries , due to e convenience of trvelling by c .
Thus , sm pope laim ha e soial ten tends to decline e populariy of travelling by public trnsport .
As a relt , hi devepment is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .
Tay personal vhcle ecome pri of t life , mean if a person is on thre personal vehicle they r loo as higher status in he socie .
so it becoe a fashion of using personal veicle hich create a lo of roblem g one trafic roblem .....
now trafic roblem is h bggest problem . ny soluton to this se of public ranspor sstem as much as possible .
b no using public transport is looked as persn of low staus , so ere is no futre for public transport .
to tackle his problem we ave to elibeately think about it .
hank yo very uch
Our life is kee changing everyday ad we ntie that huge range of the changing in each decades .
Te lifestyle , technologil materil and e design of cas and houses keep changing nnually .
We n admit that our lfe will be quite diferet from nw to h ifty yas late .
hnging is a natal habitt that makes e le mor enjoyable to us .
It 's brinin e hapiess to n he beauty to us .
F example , we can know the ype of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it mae ou idiotif he sml ne details in every odl .
Even the kin of ose pantig an be changed by the time .
ow it is mo coloful and designed in differen ways Tha it wa at the past te .
We n nt sp changing bu we can gid it to h a special benefit whc it makes th if easier nd me comfortable .
Using the changing ethd would improve the eucaton system in mny aspects especally o eple wit obstrucion .
It is bri the hope to heir live a mke them aste t lfe in way tha they had dremed about it .
In cocusion , h changing of or li ca help us to expor dfferen benfits for the changng evy eade .
It service the educato and entertainment aspcts in ur if .
My town is very , vry ig with a lot of peole .
re tha 12 million pele iv in ou tn .
I ca n't say my town is the best plae in te wrd .
T ecolgica problm are er important fr the ast yers .
First of all - the a .
An enormous quantity of cars a the affic jams provokes a pollution of air and mo .
The urban authorites can not change the situaion cardinally .
But ter is an active cnstructin of n roads , road junctions and an improing of rads .
We do n't sepaate our rubis .
A rubis is taken aw witout separaton .
But people re intreste in it and th year I saw announcements bout days of receiving of sparate rubbish .
Our lawns so are te problem .
Sveral ars ago we had wodeful lawn with a ot of local plants n grass .
But t lat time the stet - cleaners w ll h yog gas .
Now o lawns e dirt and without grass .
But I hope u on il be bete wh or help .
I enjoy watcin Tenis in my couch , is wird tht I hven't played Tennis because whe I ve we do n't hae that kind of por , so I just cn watch in my TV .
ut I pe one d go to a tournament , tvel to Spain a tch my favourite lyer who is Rafael Nadl fo Spin .
Since the irst tie I wtche him ay , eight yers ago was the sme ea tat I strtd watch Tnni .
I ie ho the players moe throgh the court and o the audience applaused them every time tey won a pont , athogh I 'm not in te court I cou feel the feeling of t game , it 's eally awesome .
ce in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when tre a a competition or tournament , beses I wahed d enjoyed it , so could lrn how re the game was , which were its rls or ht happened wn thy yelled at the jumpire fo a no - reason , all these deais you cold learn an ai f a oing a to put the in pracic or help to h payes , is one of the things that I wt to make ea .
My advice would be tat I you wn to play Tenis just go ahead ply it , no xpect till others do it , because yo an do that to .
At h beginng it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they art , so just keep in md that yu can play Tenni with the ot talentd players fr he worl oerall .
Travelling by car is mch more onvenient .
In fact , I agree .
t , What about saring a rde ?
Rdng a orse is and d faschion w but still interesting .
Púlico transportation is excellent , o sab money , tale are of the environment and make friemd .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more wih t pring 's arrival than religious rtual .
People ae mre lily to te care of e gardening or soppng than patcipate in t celebration of Good rida whic maks the auhor connect Eastr with a pagan spring festival .
Flamengo is the bst tem of R de Janeiro .
Flamengo w champion on 09.In 20 Flamengo has a great team wit god players , but now it fiht to finish e competition among the first 4 teams of chapionhip .
My mth is dry d have an ful metal taste , hed ches , still lihtly spinning ad thre is a terrible ringing in my ears .
ll of thee make me fe nauseous .
It must have ben he aftereffect of waever th clwns in masks hve done to me . I wnt to shu down a the noises around , especially thos whispr shouts coming fro bhid .
My best frien .
My best fried h alws been ike a siste to me .
Our mum had een to high school oether , although they 'd never talked a o .
The irs time I t r , he insulted me , ut I just did n't p attentin in wh s a tld me .
It was in school , when we were hee years old only !
Evn tht , we strt to ak moe and mor , untl we ee wha we ae nowadays .
S always helps me in whatever I nee , n h 's amazing .
e 's alwa happy and laughing , an never gets anry en I et nervous !
She 's incredible , is like t sistr I 'd nver had .
In h other hn , h hd never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me wo is always aling a lot .
Even so , now she starts to talk more often , ad when we stared high school we t lts of ew friends !
In h fuure , I 'd lik to cotine beig with her , and talking a having fun as we do together now .
I would n't imagne a life ithout her , e 's th est perso I ever met .
My town was located long the mddl cost of Vet Nam .
It is a relly beautiful ace and ha a o of scenery , such as the gre beach besies a row tre , he obviously rularly weather ... Therefore tain care of the environmet there is a vitally imporant mssio of my tow 's state .
hen aving an ala abu h pollution water , land ... by twn 's cvil , authorities must reposibile for th cause .
They oftn notif ll e town 's civi that spding a re da on clearing al rubbish on e beach and on th roads of town .
Then , they will gather all rubish to one place and burn or bu them .
Finally , state usualy encourage on the adio , elevisio etc .
It means th tourists an te people of town ust ave a crucial duty to protect t beach , h roads t .
On ekends , I usully wear clothes depeding on the eather .
If it is too cold outde , I p a acet on , ut if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a lgh weght vs and sunglasses .
omtimes , when I got to drss wl , I wear dressy suff , such as skrt , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
Whn I stay at home , I can wea pyjamas all day lng ( for eample wn I 'm sick ) As , there are days when I want to go to t beach wth my family , d so I ut my biki and a summer ress on .
Right w , I am weari eans , blac flats , a gr irt ad a pple d turquoise odie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so gad to receive yor mssage .
In ur message , yo si that yu need to find a famous eole in my country and need some suggestions from me .
I hope that I can give you om el for your projec .
I old ike to recommend ha a famous eopl who names Mr. Co .
Mr. Chou is te famous doctor in my country .
He consructd e hospita sysem in my country .
Bet regard , and look orwrd to yu reply .
Bob
In modern lie , we rely on trfic to wo or travel to eveywere .
It is conveniet to travel by private ars .e price of rivte ca whch every one can afford it , so tha everyne has t private a owaays .Some pepl point u private ars are going to replace the public trasport .
I could n't agree wh the int of view fo some reaons below .
Firsl , h growing number of private cars cause th big problem wth trafi jam .People pen etra tie on normal travel because of traff j .
That wastes people 's time and ak pole ee exhausted .
o menion to s , it 's dfinitely ad to enjoy travelling in hlidays .
Secondly , rivate cas are t main reason for h a poluion . We hold consider the protectin of environment for human fuure , not ly care abut the convenience we can e for now .
In the her hand , public trnsport sytem can reduce the ount of private rs in the busy area , ke u ad trm .
Pople can tael throg he cit easily and safely .
F inance Melbourn , th secondary city in Australia whee ar tram via rough the hole cit area .
Terefore peopl do n't need to drive cars fo travelling in the city .
The las oint is peopl go o long jorny by publc transpor .
Pblic tansport brin elaxig holiday and effcient businss trp to people without ear long driv .
or the reasons , it is ulily here is no future for puic transport .
On the contrary , We nd more public trafice to improve our traffic system and find the better w to maintain the evirnment .
Alison ea t no an it sy 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and her boyfriend s n't in their house , she arted getting confused and tmrously .
After aiing fo 20 minutes , sh decided to call the polie ; they said " wit for the mning , aybe he went somewhere , now we ca n't hlp ou " .
After that answer , se was n't satisfie so she deide to start aling l th hospitals of t aa .
it ws 4 am n h a one answ .
Alison felt desesparate , she notic that h hubad 's a were in her house , so he wa walking or someone pik up to h , sh tas t phe n se cal a hi grop of friens , nobody now anythng and now they we scaid .
S was terifie , h starts thinking about the ossibility of the death .
Sh o into her car a lok r her husand o ll their sal ty , Pentonvlle , after hal an hr she a him seepig in a sare .
Gorge had ls er mory , n he old n't went back .
Nwadays , they are livig a happy lie a everyday Alison has to make hm remember thir lfe .
No fure f public transport , it is o of problem if that fact .
ow days , there are many te of transport in the world , bus ai , tan but train ore conform then es , I always used bus in city .
if ou to travel ro city to city , puic transport is cheer tha others .
my favorite sport is playing footboll .
I think tht is sport is very happy .
Also , you old learn to be more friendly .
In my pinión , if o wt to tart to do this sot y cld rit a team . moreover , I think tat it is od beause y cou hep to ls wigt .
The statement " pulic transprt is our future " has bee an interesting political discuss during years .
On oe han the plic ranspor is good ecause it oes n't polut so much and you can muve aroud all t city .
Youn people use it a lot .
We do n't use so much petoll le if we eah of te passenger to use it own privae transport .
In fact you ca n't s it if ou hve to carry a l of things or when you have hurry .
In cocluson the public ransport is ery god and if it desapear it il be a big roblm , is right that some tim you need a private transport b apart om tha he ubic transpot is ery use by peol of l ages .
Transportation is vy importat in cities , villages as wll as in sub - lines .
Mny people as no vehile , he only epnds on public ransport ue to oe easos .
An y in sm cas , ca is very uful to eac e destination vry fs .
Publc tansport provide a h information about routs of the way which we are follow and give a idea to the passengers aou he plae .
ome ims it may be vy epnsive u their taxes
I 'm a coitte , resonsabe , and an organized person .
I ike new allenges to be beter it mysel .
I think that i have th enouh eperienc for th ob .
My skills a accomlishments sak for me , because i 'm qualifed fo this job , i have the reuirements tht r reqeste th ppl to wr here .
If you chose me , i comitted with myself to comply wt all orkin in a tmly manner becae this is ho i characterized .
Th ost important for me is ae more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set lo o .
I await your rsponse , Thank Y .
Fis I would like to noduce myself , my name is Jauín Guérr and I tell you hy my favourite sport is footbal which is a spr than I hve practiced sne I was six ers od .
I li very much ti spot ecaus it must be pay wh a gruo of people and is funnier ha ters sprs whh you pl alone with other oppnent , like tennis .
I hve conessed ta in the firt time I did n't lk it very much bcause I was a i shy boy nd I cs a lo of effort to itgrate ith th other players of the team bt with te passage of the time I ked re and me .
Actuay I play in th irs divisson of the club Rivr PLt from Argentina .
I would like to advice fo the children o give ours first steps in hi sport that is whic perseverance and effort you an ahieve gret treasures .
In e past , I did some exercises .
I have swum in te swimmin pool and also I hae yce in my biccle .
I have u utairs so ny times .
They 're helthy activities .
I wt lso , to th mountains with my family .
I t a lt of fri ast year .
I loved h apples !
I always went to my school on foot .
But in summer I went by car .
as year I gave soe dolls of my sister to a harity .
I visited so friends of my parents nd I wrote some lettrs to a frin .
N , ths yr , I 'll do mr exercises , I'll go with my fmly to te beah and swim in the e .
I 'll eat btter , I'll wlk more , I'll wk more , do go things d spk mre with my friends
Do o hear about Islam
What ar your sures media or wht ?
Can yu ask yorsef why we are here on erh to entertain or for wat ?
Be honst wit yourself
At irst I wul like to ell u hat I do not agree with th statement . I ould even tell ta his opinion is opposite of e present nd futue situation .
As r me , even if travelling by c is so much more convenien , most popl will always trael by a tai , railway , bus n ohr types of public transport .
In my opinion peopl will travel by ublic transor more frenquely , because is tye of trnsport is less expesive , ore rustworty and even more ecological than travelling by cr .
In the other and , we c sa that it is really ncomfortabe to travel by pubic transport , but een hs we an impre in future .
We a dcover new ws of travelling , ta more care of our public transport and modrnis them , so pple wol be motivatd to travel by .
My trust in fuuric technology is so enormos that I hope there e oing to be a new ecological nd cheaper ways to travelling around or world .
If this il happen , eopl r going to be mo socl n empatic , ot even for eoples emotions , but also for u enviroment d ty will treasure it .
To begn ith , there are t ways of cting down on ollution . which las to globa wamin , ha beame a el threat of our lif day by day .
Firstly , tart to se renewable engy .
to llustrate , hen we u h renewal energy we reduce emisions so , our natural resources will be conserved fr or future furthermore ns future .
r example , usig wind Energy or Solar Energy r electricity generation we ill be used less fuel at is affected in emissions .
econdl , we shod improve our rulations ht les impos people lowering usi higs ma a lo of plution illusrate , using ig vehicles or about buiding bg facilites such as big factoies .
As a resut , ways to cut own on pollution . or insance , we one eson uses a c for 6 people nd many eple do t same that ma a lot of pollution for hat we ne to improve our regulation to make pele us small cars f cutting don on polltio for a eter fture .
l in al , using renewable eergy a improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down polluio o a bettr future .
Anoher thng we a do to a better future is avding war .
Because , war destroys mankin and countries .
an wrs tat ecause , people do n't know or resect h ther beliefs very well thus , we ed to earn about belief other popl we are ie wi them .
or example , the ight between Muslim and Hins in Indi or in Lebanes civil ar .
Secdly , do re ooperaion between countries .
To illustrate , people ould cooperation To ntrvene to bring peace to te world to sop the ar in any eas like what nite Natios doing .
Fr exampl , Unite Nations has taken h ecison to ban mandatory wepons against South frica becuse of rcil persecution olcy . in brief , knowig eac ter and do mre cooperation btwen counties it is to as to avoid wa or a bette future .
for ht we nee to improve r regulations to make people use sall ca for cutting dow on polluon for a better future .
Al in all , using renewable energy ad improe ou reulatin is to ays to cuttn down pollution o a bete future .
My mot terrifying y was anary 23d , lat er .
It was a normal Thurda .
I was at schol : ile I 'm lisenin to the English lesson I el a tron hedache .
Afr ten miutes I asked the teche of clle my parents fo returned hm .
At home , my dad an I ha lunch , but my headache d n't finsh .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to h hospital ecaue I ca n't undetood othig and I ca n't talked .
On t hospital he doctor did me a drip and after ome hours I felt better .
I do n't ever foge that day !
currently a very signifcnt problem for its scial and ecoomi impact is e chaotic public trnsort in Lm .
To lve th poble Lima ha ben maing og term strateges .
Lima is n of the ctie with less roa culture in t wrd .
we do not respec traffic rles to drive only wih he intnion to go fast as possibe to our destiation , this ofen causes trffct accidente and congetio .
or this reason peple is becmig aur of the teribe robem n is learning a teaching via culture to ew geeratons .
Besides puic nstitcions ae promoting this d also private companie mak advertising for awerees .
ima is among he top ten cities ave the mesist public trnsport in he old .
This is due to Li in h beginning a not had a pat to desin its pblic road s n higway , an it only has been improvising to build their way without any citeria to tranpor is population .
Currenty this issue is so important that gvernments r investig d working to create solutions suc a metroolitan .
I think we have really bome awa of te chaos of public tranport and we ve bun to design an implement stratgies tat in 20 ears ou ealit improve our relity
In my opnion I believe the ublic transport wll ha future , because this rnsport is vey necesry for the peol .
In a cites of the orl , th eople will ned h publc transport to move aron h ty .
e eople hink that te pulc tanspor is only the bus , ut the public transport is t s , he taxis , rain and subway .
Maybe raelling by ar is so mch more cnenient , but tere are a lot of car and his car proue a o of smoke and h ntue is dyig , if we do nothing , t nate ill disapear .
I would lik the people to tae the public transport f travellg , so we will be able rscue the countrysie .
I sualy take the pblic transport for ging to the Uiversiy , because he public trasnport is cheper than te cr .
I ue my ar eve day however few a e I tarte to tk blic transort o I c to sv up money
Wth respect to t internatinal dispute over the Diaoyut Islands , te Republic of Cna should consistently xress willingness to resolve the issue on a eacefl manner in le with the principles of th UN Chart and nternationa la .
To this nd , it ha proposed the East Cha Sea Peace nitiative in 21 called upon all parties concerned to t sps outined below :
( 1 ) eercis restraint and refrain from taking ny antagonistic .
( 2 ) shlve conroversies ad e up dialogue .
( 3 ) oerve international law and resolve sputes through peaceful means .
( 4 ) sk cosensus on a Code of Cnduct in th East China Sea .
( 5 ) establsh a mechanism in collaboratedly expoing n developing resourc in e East China Sea .
One day , a little Eyptin boy read a bo abot Umh .
He read abut rite of pilgrimage and Kbaa .
Afer he finshd the boo , he ated to go to h Kabaa and do ites of pigrmage .
He closed h ee .
He imagined he ould fy like adragon .
Luckily , he rmembeed he had h dragn costume and he wore it .
As he pumped down the tirs , wis flapping cross Cairo .
He flid to Saudi Arabia .
Eventually he saw the Kaba .
As he gt closer , he saw aot of pope arund tha abaa .
The dra Zamzam water and wor Umrah clothes .
They s doing rites of pilgrimage .
e there , a a raised hs hands and cled to the d .
It 's amazing .
He had neer en anything so fantatic , bu all too soon , it was time to leave .
He juped and flapped and waved goodbye .
It had be fn day o ut unfortunately he had to be hm in the time r bed .
Ate he d arrved to hoe , he fl sleep an he started to thnk of his nex aenture ..........
is new bok w ll about Pais .
My neighbourhood is a vr pleasant rea , it is big enough nd it is so green .
Te poplatins estimated aound te thousand rson .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they ha scenery view .
We got a lage shopping cenre with some local sop , you can obtain plnt of hings that you wat from it .
he One of he os amazg tin that attactiv ou , is th it ha safari hich is mor enjoyable hing , at the somete , it is introducing you to a wildlife without eeds to go out fm your city .
All amenities that is ncesary fo your daily lfe such as fantastic school with perfect achers and modern buding is ound .
Transportation do not mae a matter because it has got an bus lanes d s stations .
It is not qiet and it is active city in a dffeent way .
If you like active city with ermous acivity , I guess it is excellent place .
My aourite sport is badminton and I always get up ely to play it ery day . I like it becse it is t best way to loss eight nd get or health beter tn medici .
I thk someone should get execise by saring ay som favourite sport instead of wtcing TV or playing game .
The purpoe of this poposal is to provide etils abos shopping failities in my hometown , Vung T , nd give some recommendations for ourists .
+ Loc shops :
They ad a ong tradtion dating back to the 18 century hen Vugtau was a a smal commeral port .
t only are they wl - known fo s long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants liig here which attract domestics ad oreign tourists cme he to see th fous sght as well as shopping for souvenirs .
They are closely lcatd the loc t galry whih take about 15 mnute to go by foo .
They offer a wie ran of chice ro souvenir items such as pitres , jewellrs to lal specilties with a reasobl price to it different nterets of people .
Yo can buy them as a small prsen to yu mily members or friends .
I assu at hih - quity and various products there hould be stisying yur need .
+ Shopping mall
It is convenintly situated in the on centre which takes 5 miutes to walk in a crow flies .
A ot of prodcts such as consumer eectonics , foods , souvenirs are so ere .
Compared ith ocal shs , products ' pce in shopng mall is cosierably higher than ta in ocl sho bu it ffrs more arietie of prducts .
I highl recommend lol shops to our uoists f ts cheap price ad the hospitabe annrs of rsidents here .
Dear Mr. Weber ad r. Schnappf ,
ood mornig irstonce .
Now I 'll introduce myslf .
My name is Yusuf Hamd I am 17 years old an I vit e state secondary choo in cheßtz ,
tb e mr precise , I am in the graduating cass .
I ce from Halstadt , in clo vicnity of Bamberg .
I have 1 odr sstr n 1 younger brothe .
My hobies re meet Friends nd hangout with them or play baskball in my spar ime .
I 'm easly excte and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i a do my A -level on th college of frthe education in Bambrg what i really wan .
My favourite sport is play soccer .
It 's played by eleven players wo try to scor a ol ring ninety minutes .
her is a gass floor , bu it 's als played on artificial grass .
I really ejy plying it because it 's vr excitng beause everything cld happens .
I usuall playng it th my partners d my frins which do t gam en more u .
I hardly rcommed whoever to py occer , becaus i 'm sure ta te 're going to enjo it very muh .
It 's also a full spor because peoe wl iprov their health condition .
Fst I want to sy is that people u the c ke lxury objet , n as transpo achine .
People spend their first lary to buy a car .
So , normally te use of te r is for peaure .
Peolle do n't use the five ats of h car to go to trvel .
From t point of vew of th invaironment is is a bad idea because spend a lt of a by persn .
h cties ar crowded and there ar a lot of pollution with noises ad oke .
A ew prbem is being in the small cities , because te are nt diigne to haor a lot of cars .
I thi ta the in pblem of the pblic transport is the infrastructure beween villages d small cities , beause they only xi between the get cities .
Some coutries hve a od net of intrastruture ad peope use then mainl , because he public trasport is cheaper than the car and mre quiky .
It is a problem of mentliy , if we had bor in a society that used the publ pranpo I thought that is the btter and we would use then ormaly .
In my ow ton , eope do n't use pblic transport , som months o th councl gave a public srcice bike a three months later he had to los it .
It is a pty .
How can you celebrate new year in you country ?
My name is Afaneh , I'm from IR , I came to Lonn 4 onths ago nd I ant to tk abou Irain celebration of ne yar .
we ae 3 secial days during te clbration of our nw ye .
Ty are caled low :
1- caharhanbeh sooi
2- Nrouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh sor :
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take pae on la Tuesday night of t year .at ti night peole ae a bonfie and jum oer he fies and sa to ir : I iv you my sign of sicknss(yellow color)and you gve me your helthy sign ( rd color)ad eat sme special foods .
Norouz :
It eanng new day of th new yea ad akes place on 21 March ( fst da of srin ) this d very important for us beause we cleaning our hou , uying n clothe just f nw year .The jor hngs in Norou y is haft n table and incude the see items whch strt with leter " s " .
we gathering around the ble on his y and waitig or the spring on last moments of the yer .
hn te ne year stat we ug and kiss gether , wishng happy new yer n presents will echange .
In during te holiday eople gng to see their fmily , friends and relatives in type of short tme visit .
Sizdehbedar :
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnc and spent the day out of thr homes on te nate beause tey believe hat Thireen nuer tat brings ad luck f th .
T television a entertan , and lso educate the peple .
Have so mn educacnals programs , lie Animal Plane , a so an others .
Somtimes , some tv shows are so great tat hps y in determinate cass , fr eample , Animal Plante an help you in biology , Th History a help in history , etc ... In my oinion th televisn can be ood as oks , and a alo be a fm of learin as good as only ads books , becuse TV is somthig fun , so you c lean and hae fn at the am ti .
Serie also a ep u to study , for me it helped me a lot becuse I love sers n some q I wtch helped me in sool , sh as breakng a , whch helped me in cemisty , n so ay othr .
las year I sa a movie alld ' ' side by de '' , d tlke a little of ife in old histry , and coincidnce I was having ths matter in school , the it helped me a t .
in my opinio he television ca entrtai as a eduate eopl on diferent ways .
16 May 204
Der Cpany ,
I am writng in reponse to ur adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .
I am ey intereste in the jb , becaue I woud ie to or hi ummr o yu .
I could tart when o tell me .
I hae worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summ I wored in other restaunt in Lodon , however I would like to look ater children ecause I have studie to be a tacher .
Also I have worked in others umer cms ho ae Funny Camp , Nature Camp , c .
My CV is nclsed .
I believe I suitabl for this job , because I enjoy working with children nd I know to cook ry well .
Alo f me the salay is not a problem becae my motivation is to ler
I look orwrd to earing rom yu .
yors faithully .
un Antonio
Everyone says that or lifes are going to change in the utue bu that is what everyone sas .
Right ?
In the futue I relly wat my grandchilren to be happy that is a I s for . I may be young but I tnk I do n't e myself ivng on eah in the next 50 yeas i mean rea do not hurt .
I question mysl eeryay how can i survive in hi mades world ?
I do not ko ow to answer this quesion honesly but i guess i will ner know .
I think that pblc transport a a grea future because every time thee are more people h use it .
However , I thin it is very expensie but wih a decrae in the cot here woud be ore peopl .
oadays he a car is very expenve becue you have to y a ot of thinks .
Public transport wold ave more future if it ere better distributed .
Personally , I ue me public transprt but I hardly ever us privat tanspor
Baja California is gger han Aguascalientes for t beacs n ouist cities .
Th transportation is practical ecause not all places ar search , s more the c , truck d sometmes oat .
The tourist will nev be abe bored nd wl hve uc ti to vist the city .
aa California weather is t as cold as Chihuahua .
When you go to te each you have aross a large aveue to get thre walking .
I 'm very tiring day , when I go a et staight to be .
The last few ds ht I w in Baja California I 've o ve little time for spping nd go to the beach .
Dr Jo ,
ow 's it oing ?
Well I tnk you have chosn the be idea , becase there r
moe plaes to vist in Itay .
irt I believe you can travel from nrt of Italy to e sth , in
order to see all t best lace ht we have , ik Milan , ome nd
ecc .
Find a job in taly is n't as asy as you think , becue the
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hrd just fo talan , thinking for
foreign pople .
But it 's no all , since you knw t nguages , maybe o can find
a sumr ok in a travel ageny , beause they eed someone to
reption who ca speak anoter language ove Italn .
I will find out someone who now the agency 's manager , ad you wil
have en me ur curiculum after e ekend , because he will surly want it .
I 'm vry glad to ead u again ,
Etre .
Ettore
I think the car is more coveient f publi transport .
In h cr you do not ve a timetable to be rspected , yo 're fr to leave , to go ome wen yu want ... not si sill to snow , rain , cold .
d without tting stuck in a cty o eays for divers . on pblic transport there is the possibility tha y 're standing on the whole trip , thre is always a lot of people , is cod in the winter ad in the sumr it 's to hot .
trips ar longer on public rasport or by c .
although I do t kno if this would alway hoose the macne .
By reading the history , we can kno that soe disasters happned every he er of Jaiu .
n hee is no exction this year .
There happened several rious natural or man - made disasters in this year .
In Taiwan , a serious ir crash cause by th bad weather hppned irst .
A terribl explosion resulting from arlessness folwed .
A storm of od problems brok ot next .
In the global , up to the ar crashes which result frm bei hijacked or shot happened .
here were also conflicts between western countries n te SIS .
In my opinions , all of us r spposd to be careful abou l t detis whe we dl with everything to prevent disasters .
Additionally , l human beig shold stop fighting nd devte ourselves to pursug a peaceful orld .
Lst but no leas , we should do everyhing wh our conscience .
Hope ta h et year will be bete .
Frankly it seems tha the town th I have ben iving hav not tak care about the environment .
It is es to see when we walking around or hn we go to some lk .
In general we do n't take ae abou nothin , water , recyclabe things en our r conditionng .
This is suc a chronic pblem in all my country .
Here in Brazil is very difficult tae cr aot it bcase it deands serious ehaiour and skills frm our gorvernants wich unfortunatl wo n't happens in a short time .
Ahough Braz passe through several change since las 40 years , the min one hen't sarted yt and I am talig aot Education .
r government prefr ke ou poplation ithut information , because it is esir to manipulate their mind .
And why am I ta about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of envrnment care is ur minst , ust wih knwlede ad information we wl be ale to manage actions to save , protect and impove he environment , d reverse we hav t current reul .
So if we beieve it is a kind of imrtant subjet to ke ae , we eed to move fa d our irst se should be our lection roces .
A hse is made of was and bem ; a home is bilt with love d dreams .
tis aphirism is faou and truth .
People r to build big an laxuries house u they forot abou the mn .
it is warm whih is nedful for us .
we can have really god ouse hee are ma furniture , space and ornaents .
we c choice expencive this fr nteior .
b tee things re no important if thr is nt comfortable atmosphere .
we have to inest o love , drams , atient . ad as a resl we can create the best house er .
building our house we make the most important pla fr us .
so we ae to folow our dams and crae a warm a cosy pac
In tis rport I am going to tl abu h in my wn take care of t envirnmnt .
First at al , I ask t council fr this great problem whch is te pollution and he wa to sove it .
He is awae tt the gowt of th plluion is a g poblem a that must be tkn mesuae o trying to solve it .
It is not eas way but it is necessary to do it .
n the twn he tie that the eople have to aware abo the sitiations a they take care th evironment
On the ther had , the ask is if is slutio could be enough or no .
Th " green " orgnsations want to believe e problem is serios and th radical poiticl solutions ae needed .
In my opinion we shld ke conciencious ad stop it , if we don , t stop it , afte it will be aer .
Me a my mily .
I love my family , we arg hardly ver !
I do lts of activities ith them ..
F example : we go to he restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football match , we eat or ay at home al toethr .
We metimes do presents at the arty ike the Birthday ...
The best present that I recie was ... I do n't remebmer !
Another tig , at my home there a some ruls : I a my other td u room , we clean h bathroom whn we ue it , we ca n't a in he sofà ..
I always r to follow ruls ut I sometimes rak tem because I 'm lazy !
I do n't ague with only oe of my famy .. I sometimes rgue it my brother or television channels bu we make up immediately .
th my parents I rgue about school , w I u my mobe pho , how I pek wh them ..
My ls argue wth my family ws yesterday
I 'll talk aou ngdom Of audi Arabia , Riadh City specialty .
rst , u shuld nw is e weather , we ve a vey col winer nd a hot summ compar with he other countrie in the midl es .
If you want a cit with sea you should coose any ciy in te wes or ea of Sad Arabia .
Riadh is h captl City it 's in the cenr of t ingdom of Saudi Arab .
All th stores and alls e closed at i iht include he iv pray beaks because we need to go for ay for ork y need to know wh the aor you want to work in so I an hl you to arch fo a ood job atching u ilities .
after wat I told yu about my country I ho you like it .
I will wri bout my vilage .
My village a around 700 residents
My village is bewee a river nd a montan .
It a a lt of beautiful ings how an l chuh of century XV but this churh is in runs u h new church aso is very beautifu ad comforble .
My vlage ha a wll of h stone , hs wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
ther interesting plce in my village is e square ith hs sorc
Also there t sae supermarket , ba and resturats .
r many years , peole u public rnsport to go to work to study ad to travel .
So , we e trains , buses and bikes to transport from plce to ple .
le us discover he aventadges a disavanges e
I think th a public transport will ve fture by the many reasos .
The car could be boken .
Man could have some problems with his health .
For examle , if mn h broke a le , it might be hard to drie a car .
Aso , f somebdy it old be cheer to travel by a bs , especial or a touist frm a oreign couty .
Sometimes are ettr to travel by the bu becaus of thor ro .
Bs is one of the democracy transport , which is sd by the students , kids , adults , ri and poo people .
When y re travelling th a big company , it is a best decision to travel by e u .
Because everyone has a place in t s .
An it 's funny and exciting to trel wt t gru by he bus .
Nowadays , eople a a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waing for blic transpo .
We cn think that tre is no fuur for puic tranpor becaue ot of pepl use hei w car .
Usig yor o car yu can te h decision of wa timtble is mor convenient an wh w you are go to u .
It 's or cnortable go anyway it your own car , the problem is e pollution tt this life bring us , and lso the park rblem .
If everybody go it eir w r , hei have to park and abe h place is full .
ls , travellg by ca is so muh ore convenient because y do n't ave to go stopping in each tow , so using yur own town saves ti .
Nowadays , peole ar rally worie for tei js due to the big fnancial crisis in hich sm people are lo ther obs an other re workng in rubbish job for little money .
or all this , e uestion is to dfficlt to anwer .
In my pinio , h most importat is enjoy yr work becaus we spe an averg of nine hours in the office or in whatevr wk hat we wil do , as a relt if ou do n't eel comfortbe , ou life coud be a hel .
The truh is , tha h perecton oud be that all peoe old work in their dem jobs a of course , makin a lot of mney , ke for exaple Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
In summary , for me , it is eter enjoy at work every ay , although you ve n a ig saly .
The most iportnt is wake up each ay ith a big smile and wor hard .
The soch trials is one of the best ims and thriller tat I av ever seen , it is so exited all the thn tat tey do to survive in e outside world wt all those peope that are infeced with a virus an the reason hy they t te in the gade r them to be inmune if sm sick person it hem .
one of the most amzig parts of h film is hn Teresa calls Cruel for go o the n take them again to the Cruel building ad like all of tem oe n't wanna go wih thm they srt a w and te ake ihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go ate them and he give a supe great speech for a the persons go it th a help h to get back iho , and what i reall want to se in the ex im is tat if Thomas is mad at Trsa ( i never like he ) and if they gt free and he world comes ac to t nral world .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quinta o .
it is a beautiul lce wre people c go to spn an excellent me d enjoy the ores nd laoos .
There ae cabins where you an ae a good ime in front of te bnfire a sleep in a beautiful oom made of ecological mateials .
In t trip yu can do many activities lke climbing , swimming , paddling raftig n noying the pla .
It is a beautil place to go on your fre tim and t to kw it .
Hi , I am Maranne Willemsen .
I hink I am the appropriate ersonn fo this job because I have a lot of motivation and a go Englh lee .
I would ls li to ge hs jb bcause I love e SA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
I am a good cook .
When I was younger I wn to summer camp in France , consequently I ow which activities I a propose to hildren .
I hope I convine you .
Best egads .
I ove English but hre is an interestg subject I want to tdy n it 's athemtics .
This sbject is beautiful and incredibe . I like it very mu .
I want to do is core everyday if it 's possible as w .
I want ours hps .
a y help me somehow?Please I ant to stud this subject .
Tnk u very much .
Anna knew tht it as going to be a ey specia day for her .
The ay began as usual nd no signs of trobe er but whe sh woke up and wen down stairs sh sw a dog bu the dog w an unusual color .
sally hr dog ad a blue clr but at that moment it was Red
Rcently , I have sen he Taantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to recognize ha I am looking foward to watch t next ne .
He took down every mistae he ad lst flm .
Fisly , Djngo Unchained remembered us te hard if uffeed by blk people in the past , due to a eat introduction witout daogues , where back people were uchined wil they cam back to be eling to an owner farm , it bing matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantio 's films .
Nowdays , In mny country the youth loing or doing orts to be fitness and er active there are many sports to jo it .
On te other hand , ere are some aruments fo spt speally voleybll .
When I play vlleyball I totaly foet al my problems ad ocu on othing ut volleyball n the intensity of th game .this gam i like to play .
Te in of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at wa I love .
In additi to is It pushes me to keep on tryg so that I can gt everything rght .
It 's l about will poer an th absolute want to get btte .
On he one hand , ther are aot of famous paye on olleybal who a Knee ligament injuries , Th most frequent mechanism of injury was andig from a jump in the attack zone .
In adition to this , Injuries wer mor frequent durg gmes han training .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered amog ih - ik ports accoring to the fruency a gravity of our surgical fining.my advice or wo starts hs spo you will get fresh after you ly this ame nd mak you doing or rk in relaxetin way .
I elieve ther re numers possibilitis on public transport bcaue cars nd publc transport play completely diffent roles in our ociety .
First of l , pubic transpor robaby mes the demands of peple who harly or do n't use thir crs to travel .
In Japan , which has one of h largest poplation over 0s , many senior pele pefer to s buses to rs .
In ddition , a w genertion ppea and ey do n't own thei rs because of a few opportunities to ravel and hig cost of aing a car on their own .
Scond , pbic transport provides a quick ad easy way to vsit namiliar paces with us .
It is nt ecessary for us to know in adane how to get to h destination before the departure by usg public transort .
So it prevents us to open mps to cnfir every sine route .
Lasty , we can use less resources by using public transport .
When it comes to o environment , e us of transport could be a solution for reducing h emission of 2 .
Becaus of hese resos , I s a blight futre fr publc transport .
it is out of the uestion the tak car of the environment is regarded as turning pit in r life .
it is upsearm ha irrigates r economic if . and no doubt tt Negligence has the abiity to destro many good sides in or life .and our government is doing her et to p ed to negigence .
t we also us coparain to save or town . on the oter hand we must Presentation awreness prorm for l people .
and we must throw rubbi in t stree to ep th rea clan nd we must Maintain clean trees to kep he ae atracive thus we cn impoe Natonal inco by atracting mn people from otr town . ad we ms rn children tha clean is necessary f their health nd on their school they should thw rubbish on Waste askt an wo tow it on the grod Wll be unished . to tp it a we ca n't go witot Cleanlnes of our town .
Natural environment destroyed tt is a pple ocus on frequntl problem .
ay countries build ore and mor buildings ffet peoe quality of lie .
Seting up or large uiling can destroed people nd animals ie environment and om animals maybecan xtiction .
Govrnmens should do some measures to dal th uid more buiings ll dstroy te ecological environment .
There is no future f pblic traspor , becasue travllig by car is so uch more convenien .
I 'm n aree abaout thi stateent becasue in a bg cities there ae a lot of cars , if all people in a city use hi own c at th sme time , there wl be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenent in this sitation .
Tere e more robles in bi ctes , one of hem is parking , there are a lot of ares in a cit ta is vy difficult to park , and o only av 2 otios , you cn par in a private parkng nd a a ot of money or you ca ast ou te searching f a place of pakin .
ood evening ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to ak abot my favourite sport game .
Hve y eve heard abut hocke ?
hs is rally my favourite sport game .
An I am fond of usian team .
We are taking pt in championship this year .
It will ke place in Mis .
We are the best ta of l .
d I am glad to win a c of chmpionship .
I am wting or a final of thi ga .
I want to gve advice for childen .
Do n't be arid of okey!You ud to i in front of computer , t t best choice will get up and go to the hokeylub .
Hlo !
I am X I hae a 18 years old and I am student .
I like to sig and I c la te guitar .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysittr . I ca coking .
I am cheerul and ardworking .
I can speak English very wel .
I have experience in ths ok , ecuse at year I worked at a childrn camp in Loon .
I njy un with childrns .
I thi I ' m a pefect canidat or this j .
Plase contt with me .
My eail adress is xxxxxxxx .
I ook forad to hearing fom you .
Your sinrely ,
y
Hi Chi o are yo ?
I am was skin to me if you want to go to the party with me ?
what ou think ?
the party is the next week on Juias ose , it is gog to sart at 5:00 pm
My favort sport is swmmin .
I engaged in swiing in nine years o .
I had gotten fist pre in a match .
As a resut , I thnk that I have om inellnt on swimmin .
Sie th , I me my teher in the pool .
She teach me a lot of higs , ad be he most imortant igre in my life .
e is a doctor , e told me tht swimming will let my body moe ettr .
Fro then on , I fl my diseas in dcresind ad fel ela .
Consequetly , I nd to swim usuall .
irs of all , sm a ep your health .
he research declined that swim an decrease disae .
Second , swim can relax yursel .
When you in te war , you will el rlax .
Third , swim n get more friend .
o can go to th wimming lub , hat is a way to mee peop wit intersting of sm .
Yu can tr this sport from now on .
Running
I am fond of running !
Mny eole tik rnning is a wasting time or it 's vy diffcult but I do n't gree .
Firstly , u ll be stronge , enduring .
I started with hre kilometers for one jog .
Now my average joggng is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
My bes resu is 15 km , ut I guess while .
Secondly , you il be healther .
I am lss having a cold .
ven if I have a cold , I wl get ut and il u 4 - 5 km .
Ater that on the nex day , I feel myself better .
Fr years ago I had often cold an recovery lo period .
Now I ae more energy ad health to ecom hapier .
Thirdly , you will be more cnfident .
I started runnng fo ears ago .
Case of hs as hut my leg .
Ater rehablitation I continued feel hurt in my fot n I still limed .
I decded to sto hi a o gorgeous morning I starting unnin !
As sult , I nw the me can be harder than can be sem .
Aft tese moments , ou startng doing things tat many pple think impossible or even unbelievable .
My recommendions for beginers .
1 ) Iprove yourself in a gradual a .
I dvise start frm e km .
2 ) Work systemaicaly .
Two - three joging in a ek is norm o beginners .
3 ) Gro up .
First week one km , secon o km nd 0 mter e .
4 ) Tin about your initial hysical conditions .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am ritin to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .
I fud ad aout this jb on t Internet
I would lik to tart working in yu cafe , becue it is very intereted in th kitcen d everthin conncted wih it .
I av experience in workin in a cafe .
My advantage is tt I am ver pen an rendly .
My lst job is oking as daer in a lot of shops .
I hink I am good at dealing ih people , particularly in e oo .
I traveled a lo , becuse thi is my obby , I learned about a lot of fd in may countries
I used to ork ful - time jog .
I am prpar o lon working hours , tha 's no problem for me , because I am ung n I like working nd sped tme it people .
I look forward fr nw challeges and ask .
I believe I oul be an eal candidate or this position .
I am an open , hard - working a responsible studet .
I am looking forward to heari from y as son as it is posibl .
I epct a postive respone .
Patryca ig
er Peter ,
How ar you ?
do u have any pla on next Sunda ?
We ant to go for a picnic to the ar near my houe at 12:00.My husban invited you fo that .
Do u fncy for coming ?
If you coe let me kow do you like met ?
see yo soon
Kt
Is hsical Education necesary at schools ?
First of all , It is tr that not all the pople like do sports because hy ar eavy an a i stressful too .
We can also a that there re ther subjts mr important han Physial Education , like Boogy or History .
However , Physical Education is necessry becuse maks peope es la .
Desite th fact that sports are hevie , doors are alway saying that sports imrovs our health .
Schols hav Physical Eductions or teach this good habi since our childhood .
In conclusion , Physical ducation are necessary at school becuse spots improve ur health and make us feel good d healthy .
I would lke to ae a reservation f t next onh , fro 2h may till 2th ( 4 nights , Double room ) bu I have dous abot bookin policy .
I mean , after reading the tems ad epoit policy , I derstand I must a the frt night at t booking time an h et of the stay it would be paid upon arria to the fnt des .
Plu , in case I cacelled the reservaton 48 r before arrva it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
I unerstan ti part , but in se I have to cancel the resevation , ho should I do it ?
By pho , by mail or on yr website .
To bein with I would li to a ht don a sport is very iportant to keep us thin and healthy .
My favourite port is swiming because it is the oe I have been practiing for a long time ag sinc I was a kid .
I ke swimming becae it is a spor that mkes me work l my bdy and it is ao a really complete sport .
Nwadys it is rall importnt to know w to sim because hen we are in oldays we spend most of our time in the wter at the swmming pol or even at the ea .
I ike oer sports sc as footall nd volleyball too .
I wul ie the adce ha ti sport mke people healthy ut it also hel us to make new iends beaue wie we ar traing we av aes in r team which we can talk to n ae hem o friend .
Othewie it is a sport where you do not have contact with our friends what hlps no to make ijurie .
To onclude , I think this is a real god sport to start with when we are a little child to in exprience and year afte year becoming better nd imprvng .
No wonder if we ay that sport is so impotant .
It keeps ur bodies in good conditon .
Atually there e o knds of sports .
Frt one is inivdual sports d in ts kd you practice yor game alone nd o e th nl play on ur tam .
Second kind is team sports .
In this kid , you are one of t te and all the team play as a on perso .
A lthough soe people prefer idividuIal games , but I prefer team games .
ecuse it teach as the meing of cooperation ad leadership .
ea sports are ve important and they iclue a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sport is football .
I lay football every day ith my friends at club .
I found ootball interesting because it teac us a l of orals suh as coopeation and onest .
I also can g fn wit my friends when I play it .
I think it is t mot ineresting sport
Famus people efinitey esrved to ae a privte life without journalists following te all the time .
I tin evyone should he their private lives .
In ur world les may persoalitie , more or les known , such a fi - tar , uic - tas n so on , bt wy they ca n't have normal lve ?
They also hae fmilis , the alo sleps , hve friends , ad hat 's norml . We can ok at them lk aliens .
Honesl , if I were in her shoes I would n't stad it .
I woul feel like a prisoner , wo ca n't do anything , because somee il make a photo of it , a I wo n't hv peace .
Actully I have to admit , hat , fm stars , politicians and ohr famous people have to count on fame .
Ty must now , people will dentiie te , wlking through h street .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the w of life they hoos .
In my oinion , eveyone deservs for clmnes .
Dea Sr ,
With rference to ou avertisement in the current issu of the ummer camp b , I am writing to u to apply for it .
In the advertisement yo state that yo need a person who h skil for ob with children .
I wuld ie to tell ou that I hve done a course in which I hae learn to organse all kinds of activities with hildren ince canoeing from smming competitions , alo , I wked in a umer cmp last yaer where y could t a e thing that I have earnt in ractis a it was a very pasant experience whih I would like to do it again .
Because of ht , if o want , I will send you a recommendation eter frm my boss in that camp .
In additin to tht , I am wel organised at the kitchen ad I can cook a ot of differet dishes .
I wod be very grateful if yo uld coside my appicatio .
I lok forard to herai from you as so as possible .
Yours sncerey .
Hi aul ,
it 's great to hear frm o .
Everhing 's ok .
T conrt w just flubbergasted .
What a piy , tat you hav't en her .
If I knw about the thing beoe I wld ivie all my mates .
It ally as amazing , I thin , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
What 's more , I did n't have to y for he ticket , eause it was a volunteer work - closing te dr after people that were ming out of th concert hall .
h god thing but it was the fc , that th band(actully I en do n't remember it 's name)wa playng with so mc pason , hat no o prbaby even think about leaving the place .
In a word , doing nothing wa the big advantage of ts kind of wok .
There wr many ings tha just stunned me in o moment , we he bnd started to lay ...
First of ll , Balkan music turne t to be oe of the mst irresistible inds I have ever heard .
In my opinin music lie th shld be diplayed oe fen in the rio ad ther ms med .
The ba thing out it is that te band is t popular , and nt man eole hae ever heard about it .
Mass eda do ot ant to introduce thi kid of musi , probably because it would displace t maistream - o mic .
See you soon !
Te care ,
Ji
Dear Mr ,
With referene to yur advertisement posted on h eb ( CareerCast IT ) a fw days ag , I am sending y attached my curriculum vitae in sppor of my application for the fllowing positi : Gradute Project Engineer , wich are bing ffered at yur company .
I hav eer worked as an eginer , but I am expeiened on electronics like a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my personal la equipment and I he desgnd an assembled several circuits .
Please , fee fre to get in tuc wih my teacher in order to obtain refereces for me : ( 5wYU8k1pS6@uniovi.es Pho : 34 13 45 67 89 , He speaks English fluntly ) .
I live in San at ths moent .
If you gv me the opportunity to onider my application , it would ertaily be a great job opportunity fo me to gain experience in the engieerin ied nd devlping my professional career .
I do n't woy saary o , instead of a chace of howig my skills .
I wold agre it working at minimum salary or worng in prctce .
I honesty think I 'll be vr valuable to y .
My learning and wok capacity ogethe with my enthusiasm are the core trengths could be of great hep to ur compa .
My dgree is adapted to he European iger Educato and it 's valid in e whole EU .
I soud like to thank u in advance o granting me an appointment o an interiew and lo forward to earing ro yu .
Yours fithfully ,
Many people ll aound h worl le football .
Football is uch a beauty sport ecase it is really a n in a lot of many ways .
Football is my favourite spr and I hink it is nver going away in my life .
I lv footbal becas there 's a t of enjoyment in it .
I ply ooball for Watakere colge schoo first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy pying that position beause it is easy o me to play .
I used to eam of playing f barceona and bcause barcelona has good playrs I like I , for example Lionel Mess .
Because were I was orn hee was n't any chance o me to practse footal so I can becme really go le other players .
Bt even though I will never g a chance of paying r my eam team I still ejoy playin footbal . I can play wit people who are good and I still ave fun .
I advie young kids to ain hard and play football because there 's a lot of u .
Oc y start paying fotbal , on a young age you ge really bettr at fooball .
h ls hotel I wn as one e best on of my holidays .
" Te heaven " , ti a its me , a a ni sml hte near the seaside in th suh of Italy , near Paesm exactly .
When we arrived there , ls summer in July , the ners welcame us it a magnificent basket of fres fruits in te room and a variy of drinks in te fridge l included in h rm 's fee .
Any room in h oel ha a balcony wich overlooks on the ea so eery morning , wen yu we up , you hr th sound of h wves braking on e beah .
Durn our sy all e stf s friendly an always available .
Even if al meals ere delicous and plniful , you could also dink or ea specal sacks while y wee on the sunny beach .
I wud recomen this hotel to anone because thre yo will compeely relx and really it will se to yo I o we in eaen !
My Favorte Sport - otball .
Thee is perhas nohing oe pleasant hn when your favourite sprt is as hlthy as enjoyable .
I believe tha many people would aee ith me , as football is he most aurit sport in te world .
Sie I w five I have enoye plang football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
It all started very natually .
T ball ws object which provied us wit los of fn ile we kicked to it and ad friendl matces .
As time en by , ootbal remains my favourite sport .
It still gves me great fu within ncreible company of my friends and it keps me fit as well .
The bs time for football is a sunny ay aftr recen rain hn ground is nice and oft nd ar is resh .
Football is great sprt fo eerone men , wmen , children , dult , ven elderly people ejy it .
As someone h s playd his pot o ages , my avic to people staring thi sport is : e right equipmn , find friendy team , and enoy he gae .
on you will also enjoy your impove condtion an better health .
I definitely recommend hs sport to eeryone o was to ke ft , hve fu amongst their friends , nd live happy lfe .
Dear Jo
How have you ben , my friend .
it en a og time I never e y , and o always wanted to iit Taiwan , my beautifu country .
I heard about You wan to have a trip in Taiwan , I love helpd you whe ou came to Taipe .
Taan 's culre alays talked abut ea .
At any tim of day or night , we could see people eating in al kinds of eating establshments , from restaurns to od stalls in he street .
I would hw you the restaurant where is my favorite hoce .
We ls could go hiking on th mountain or go swimming at he beah , so you would have a od time in my county , Tiwn
On te oter hand , yu wanted to look o a jo , maybe u coul have art - ie job in the cram school .
Mny children ually did n't knw how to study Engilsh , n you oul help thm to get tere .
If yu ve interest in my dea , I old help y to in ne immediely .
our friend
Nick
Tom a I have been trainng for a long ime .
We knew we had a competiion a that it w a eally hd oe .
The ther team w profesional , they hd wn man competitions , they wr really goo but Tom and I knew at we could won .
Our competitio was on Monday , we d n dy left .
We made a shedue ith l u trinng ay an hours .
Anothr day was tartig , another d of training , ou ast one .
We had to mak th las effort to reach t ont we wanted .
Winning , we knew it had a co t on hat we cold chieve .
On that ls a of training , we started with a liht u .
T wa raly tie d it was reall weird bcuse it was not a hard run , I kew it was because of e nrve .
After the n we ontinued wih ou daily routn .
ter hre hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
I tld tom I wanted to tal about u achievements beore we nt home .
T sid he as realy hay and proud of us .
He also hanked me and told me at if it s n't for me he would n't even think bou playing nnis in a professional w .
It ha en a very lng n tiin a , t Tom ft he d achieved somethig reall good .
Dear Smmer Camp ,
I am a Universit studnt .
I 'm 18 yas ol and I 'm nteested in working in yr Summer Camp .
wo months g I worked in a kide garden .
I ko h to loo afer kids I een have two little sisters and I take care of them .
I ave perience wit kis .
I can aso do different actiities with kids for example : sigin , running aound he garn , plantng tes , drawing , paying instrments , etc .
At scool I learned o to cook dfferen tpes of od and eserts .
I can tech kis recpe th ty c cook .
I 'm t rt person r e j because I 'm relibe a experienced .
Bt regards
Kren
pot is an important fr all of us becus it hels us avoiding diseas , and becoming healhie .My favuort spt is swimming .So praciing is ki of spo is the best beause it heps me feeli fresh n relax .
Mreover , daily excrsise is vr gd da which heps us to aoid overweight an to keep your ody healtier .So I alwys want to adise pole to practise this spor or other kind of ports to avi diseases .
Two movies .
Drig h ast mohs , we could see a hug numbr of e moies issed by an fmos uopean and American majors .
The two I have enjyed e most ar " The wolf of Wall Stet " d " The Secrt life of Walter Mit " , or more simply " Water Mitty " .
The irst o is basclly sed on a true story of te min character , a finanal broker , who is ated by the famous Hollywood actor Leoardo di Capro ad on how he become rich by reakig t rules and speculating on th stock exange mrke .
I would efine it an action ove .
lter Mitty instead deals with the fantstic sto of the man character , an archivist , whose lie will ben changed completely wen the comay he works for is aken vr by o of t competitors .
Walter Mitt is acted by an exellent Bn Stiller , now arrived at th to of h career as acto .
Far from th noisy and reality of The Wl of Wall Sree , Walt Mitt offers to th audiece a delcious portrayal of te ain charctr 's lif a adventures , hrouh which he will discover hs true sef n will restart a nw li .
Although resnting a more vivacious plot , The Wolf of Street is n bl to keep the attention of te audience like Wler Mit des .
I mt say tha Te secret dream of Walter Mitt is a wel - contructed mov at I strongly rcommend to ayone who wol spnd a ret eving wtchng an entertaing ovi .
Dear Sr or Madan ,
My ae is Reca Costa an I am wrting ths letter but the advertisement for jb in h USA Sumer Cmp .
I am 32 years old and een thught I live in Bazil I he a fluent Englih level .
In order to improve my Egish sils n al he a chance to meet nw eope fro all around the world I have got very excitd abu that position available .
I think that I cn help ou on seveal camps ativiies , because of my background in volunter rk I ae experience n oy in e kitchen b also orgaising and managing sme outh spot games in my neighborood .
Peas I would ke to nw mor informatio on ow to proce to apply and when this b will commence .
I am looking forard to hearing fo you in a fe da .
Yours faitfully
ebec Cost
It is udoubtedly tr ta in today 's modern wold people commut to wk mstly by their private vehices .
It sees more convnint to them to move on thir own rather han tied to a pblic transport .
It ca be rgued tha pubc transort ystem s been loosing its popuarity in ma ways .
People fe tha they an get to ter destintion on time if ty drie their own car .
It is true in many ases as public transport like bues , trains and trm ha their own specific otes and stops .
his may ause pole in gettin late to heir particular destnaion .
Secondly , publc transport sems to be ong expensive ay by day which has reduced its popularity .
Peopl hereore fid crs more affordabe or them .
In moder society cars ave become mo heaper to b , hch in tu as hled peole to have th .
Moreover , any car finance companies ave made it easy o eery indiviual to purchase the car .
In conclusion , i old say that d to recent avancments in ocety , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
It c therefore be predcted sily that there will be no role of ublic ranport in th futue .
I tik that when you want to get famous becuse of oething that you do ( for example : writig msical ) you hae to ccet what comes th it .
It 's tru tat sometmes paparazzi cross he line and ivde her privae properties which I fd awful .
Howeer , there a ls ose ind of pple hat get amous o dng nothn or us being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hltn .
Tt makes me wnde who really deserves fame nd who does n't , u fame is not e se as being remembered .
We ca e at pepl get famous when they die , so , journalists ar basic to creae a negative or positive point of ve of that person .
They are just people , bt n like you or me , or at leas I do n't have a fabulos ferrari to comfort me when I 'm s .
" owadys , oler people are isadvntaged bease they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do y aree or dsgree ?
Te difficul to learn something .
In our word it 's impossible to live without using echnlogy .
Some pole said hat he wrld ould be better if it 'll eurn to th pst here the lif was me simply .
u this is an anchonism .
It 's ipossile to stop t siene .
Te question is whether the oldr eople are isadvatage in usg technology in conidential way .
One can not gnre that it 's moe easy for oung people to improve tei knowledge than t oder .
It dpens on he capaciy of children to lan oe fast than the d dult .
Thre are not dobs : young people use technolog much re easily hn old people .
By h ay , in my opinion , if soene , fo example plain wl and calm the s of nw technology to an ld man or oan , at the n , also thse eople r in conditions to e it .
New technolgy consists , f instance , in smart hne , tablet , pc .
There are se ld people o re inteested to know how or tenology , but otrs who are not intreted at all .
F the last one , it 's t necessary to use technology , eause he can continue to live without using it .
To conlud , if it 's true hat not a eole use echnlogy confidenty , who is interested can be nvolvd in using e tchnolog en if he fnal resuls could be lower an ther expectations .
Dar S/ Madame ( director the film eartment )
I am rting this letter , becase the lt week I read a otie in our STUDENT FILM UB magazine about a movie or thille that I like it and I can advise you .
Wl , last Sunday , I ent to th cinema a I watched THE TIANI , pehas the movie counts us , h tyial story t rich rl falls in lov it th or boy .
But he et of all for me is e sinking of he ship , when it el wn to bottom of the ocean .
the il exlins us ho happened the fact of h same way that in e near XIX century .
The director has wanted to mke te story the best el possible .
He explains us the building of te si , why it sank , w it stood in th ottom cean a how te people helped them n to others .
I reall like the begiing of te movie , because we cn see he ship hen it w really nw , with their hai , table and aoher urniture .
In my opinion I think th e love str is closed to explain btte the sinking .
I look forwa to earing from you .
As rqusted by a loal tuist office , this is a report egrding shoppng facilitiesin my tw n hops at wl appeal to touriss wt diffeet inteets .
First of all , thr ae may sopping malls in diferent areas of my tw .
ne of tm which includes all interests is Afi alace Cotrocen .
It location is in the western part of ucharst .
Regarding h atua shoppi , it has mor than 30 shps ith a arety of things , from fahionable clots to eliious food and ven squin books .
Moreover , it is a sorc of entertainment starting with cilden to elders .
In ct .
it has 2 different ciemas , n wh Ima option .
Another part of Buchaest fr shopping is Unrea Shopping Cenre .
Called in a maicious way , there re 6 floor fo jewerly , clothes , accesorises , gadgets , boo etc .
On th last floor is the ood cur , losed ire which is by far o popuatd and ull of smke .
Bing in the cene of Bucharest , ou a go otside , in downtown to consider viitng n cultural thing while shopping in boutiqes n relaxing on a erasse with a cool lemonae .
Mos of e tme , coths are handmade a orginal .
In aition to tat , hep is t bet word describing the cts .
To s up , it ould seem that Downtow is a preferable place , wh betr vle for money .
Altoug using yo ow car is betten for moving around te ciy , publ transport has hwn to be a good way for traellng lost distnces th a l cost and , depending on ts quality , also ow budet .
Ter is not prbably a bright future f public tansport if it does n't devlop as it sould in the world we ae living today ; that is , if enterpies ctinue it their current already ol - fashioned buiness moe , for sure they ll os customers , and so , benefits d weight in the trnsporttion world .
In conclusion , is kind of transport wll have to enhanc if the companies in crge want citzens to us their buses , trains a other public vehices in h future .
Those improveents may include loeing the price , reducing the tme or ffering nw destinations n more resources .
Wking holidays broad
Introduction
e ai of ts repo is to sare e experience of different students who h been working abroad uring the summer .
In order to do so , I onducted intrvews wh 30 university students .
Pros
Evey single one of thm said hat if y work abroad , you will improve your English a lot inc you will be listeing and seaking it al d .
In addition , another dvantage is tht by worin a summer y can earn some money fr or persal expenses .
Cons
However , almost ever student confessed having et omesick despi the fc tat they ade a large mout of frieds thee .
Aothe rawback is that unless o a raly motivae , it will be difficlt o you to adapt to a new city .
Conclusion
Even if tere r some disdvanages , most studets aged tt this is an amaing experience o to be mised .
All in all , I suggest encouraging student to fin a job abroad during te summer .
there e few this hic I am very keen and passionae of , in the whol world .
one of these it 's surely my sport .
I hve ben pacticin swimmng pool since I was six years old , n I am twny one . this should o lt yu stay without a lu of how much I are bou my hobby .
is is not ju a sport t an extraordinry thing I do in the odinar life , in th eveyday lf .
he I am tired , stressed , depressed , frutratig , sick of he pasin fancies or fake friends , there is jus one hig hat is able to ae me fe better nd sap out of it : tis is , of course , wimming .
So I lt myself drop in the wate of t pool , d as soon as I am completely submerge , all the problems , adnes and heaviness of life uddely disapear , ad that 's the most aaing emotion i uld ev try .
If I d to suggest a sport to do fr children , I would recommend it because hethr it akes everyne be in shape , it is healhy d guratee an uppe level of wealth .
I dvise the parents to let h children ben swiming as soon as they n , proded tey ae interested in it .
It is no worth sayng each ne should follow their assion .
I 'll fnsh saying that evn when I as young if my fahr had asked me if I would ha rather go to a swimming ce or to a cand fair , I would hve urely chosen te ist e .
I find it diffult to have a healthy w of life curenty .
ist of all the nvironent is contaminated a thee substance ge to us by atr , ir , food ... alo the clothes .
We ca n't avd electromgnetic wve arond , alhoug we were living in the outry or f rom he indutries .
If you ant to live ith helh , you mut understand it an try to choose betwn the few rel ptons you ave in your hands .
The main adve it would be to have a balned die : a lo of fruts d vegetables , few fats , to ink ore atr , et .
Then it is ve important to xercse bcaue your body nd your mind nee movement .
If you do n he enouh time for exercise every dy you can me little efors : do not use t lift , use the sars or al eey time yu can .
B the ms important thing f hing a healthy fe is to be uie , not fe stres .
Nowadays we av a hurres lves bu we must to and live ur lives t .
Yor health needs clm , fiendhip , happiness ... You us ke in conact with your friends and to spend time with yourself ( do o forget yo hobbies ad learn n ings ) and you famiiy .
I hin it would be t bes advice .
It is knwn that Iternet makes things aier thn ever nd an be se for everything .
Sme people believe that we ca n't en live withut it .
One of the advantages of e Internet is tt we a meet new peop around t wrld an make riends without taking face to face .
ere are plenty of webs hat can search peple , meet em ad ch with te same interests n commons you ike .
I have very gd friends thanks on te nternet .
However , ther ae a lt of malicious software arond the Interet and you must be aware .
Yo do n't have to do the sil or illeal things , bcaue you will be eposed to this maliious sofare .
In addtio , hat software is reated by nasty people that creates this virs to damge othe popl computers .
In my opini I must express e falities given by e Internt .
It 's all so eas with it and usef , f example you ca oer a pizza to ae to your home
To um up , I 'm totally aree with making friends through the Inenet .
Did you ko that you brain is eercied whe you rea y boos ? ou shoul ra h topc that y prefer like ews , sports , novels , economcs , ealt , fitnss , fo , cooking and you can coos the material that it 's sy and enoyabe to read lie novels , magazines , newspapr , technical books and something like tht .
y do I eommend it ?
Whe o have fiished your studies and ou av gote a j where every a you do h same activities , he brain dos n't ok hard ad you might hav some prblems like forget ord , dates , information that you had earned a e yea o because or memory wo n't work in e same wa .
I think tat your ran is ie ou by , ey th need exercie to be ctive an the way to gt it is reading omething .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio ook js 1 ho very day , you are ong to eel a change qucky . I kw that getting rading habits is dificut , but you tat to do it , yu wo n't be be to t eouh of thm ad y will read o pleasure .
Finally , if yo get eaing habi you 're gong to orgaize bter your ideas and you ay feel mr energtc , if yo do n't bliev me , st try it .
Da Sir or Maame
I wis to apply for the post of rker in an SA umer camp tt was dvertised in th newspaper this Monday .
Tis occupation is of gra inerest to me as it reflects my determinati in life n equies my education , skills and exerence .
Wi major in linguistics ( to be moe ecise , the English and Ciese languages ) , I hve recently garnered scond hgher education in psycology .
hs follows that on the one hnd I have extensve knowlede in ow to be on god terms wth different people n on he other nd I av a erfect oomand of Eglish .
o yea ao I worked as an interprte and an organizer of Watrski World Champinship in Moscow .
In addition , as I s determined to build my career as a tacher snce my vr childhood an , moreover , I definetel have a ay wh cildrn of a g , after grduation I gained expeience at University ad lcal school .
I hav en teaching Enlish for 5 years already and I would dre to s that his j was made for me .
In trms of my personlity , I am very hardworking , ethusiasic to wide range of activities , open and iendly .
My opinion is rooted in my exerience so I realy enjoy intercting with pele , especially children , d to tel yu t ruh I lie cooking and eperience new things in general .
I feel these skills woul alw me to peform effectively in thi posistion .
My enclosed reue oulines my experience in greaer detail .
I welcome the opportunity to mt wth u an look forward to hearing from u .
Sinerly ,
Mry J.
Badminton for ever Ag
It 's fast d it needs a lot of athletic sklls .
A ise man in the pas said onc , " If you want to be a god badminton player you need the nres of a clime , h stengh of a ht puter , the condition of a marathon runner an e elgane n cleverns of a fene . "
Badminton is my favourite sport r .
I feel hapy aer every gae .
It 's exhausing and o have to mv fast to e every birdy .
ou hae to be competitiv !
You n play it in very g .
I starte wh I ws evn years old in my frt lss .
My catc was very nice and moly we played in ems .
I had a lot of fn at the sommer sport caps and I met a lot of friends .
ith th badminton cub in our city we traveled to differet iy 's n countries .
If ou want to sart playing badminton yu should ook r a badminton clb nea by and should ig up for a trainig class .
If yu do n't kn wht racket you shold by , you will get al informain at e clb .
Mostly th Badinon Clubs sell al kinds of Badminton eqipment r beginners and professionls . Do n't be lay !
he you start playng you shoul racice minium ice a ek , better thre times a week .
Envide your friends frm school or wrk .
Pratice togeter wth peole in your age is a lot of fu u you wl t beter soon .
I play usually the tes a ek and I had a tounamet last weekend .
It s very citing , bcase here were many pope rm al ovr te region .
I ost a few gme , but that 's oka .
Evey ost am gives me moe motivation to prctic hrder and evey w ames makes me proude nd smile for all the ard wok hat I have done in the last fe mounth .
In our Bdminon Club we hae a lot of members ovr the age of sity yars od .
I hope I a stil play whn I e to that e .
he sport keeps you healthy and ft .
It has been a log time since I watched a thriler , but I do member that I atced Th Huger Gmes pat 1 , and I recommend all t Hunger Gms films .
Those films a really good , you hav drama , romane , a thriller , those fils are vy entertaining .
I thnk you are goin to ie th becus u like tht kd of mies nd als they are worth the while and ou are ot going to rget it .
Another thille that is reall good is h cabin in the woods , that movie is reall entertaining , and scary .
if you le cay thrillers hs moie is the one or ou to watch , i do n't rememer it ery ll , u it is also mysterious so u are going to lk tha on
This plac doe n't appear in History books , howevr it symbolises bete hn others a hnge in our countr .
Ths buildng is situated in Barceloa , althouh it 's ony a short walk from he magnificent Gaud 's artwork it is n't as famous as thm .
When e Civil War ended , the country s compltely dstroed and eope had nothng to eat .
Particularly in Barcelon , th troub wa th they oul fi on th sea but here was n't an aproppia place to kee it so they cold n't a ne or o day aer .
That situation mu have been terrile for he population but fortunately , there is ways a posible oluion .
A grup of fishers began to wk arun the ciy loking for a god plce here th would have rought their fish .
Finally , they found an ld destryed palace and hy decided to uld the their wn " fish 's shopping centre " .
Neighbours helped the to mk the uilding and ater a few nths , th bgn to s it .
This is a great example of how Spash poplation could go on wh their lie wokig together without governmet 's help .
Nowaday , the building h ben become a luxury ma wt t mt expense brnd clothes .
However , th structure h been kept in ordr to visitors can enjoy ts popular arcitecure 's jewel .
As the story cotinued popl kept thiking that sh were pollte .
h homeless ma noticed it o , athough he did n't are because he will alays obtain fr food .
As alwy after hvig fish for dinner he had a strange dram .
He was dreaing it as his ime to go ising ; he wet so far tat he saw a kind of battle beten sarks and haes .
He looked do an noticd tha there a a cit of arin life and h ttle a n't really a battle it a a revolution , were te ish where t citizens .
Which mat some of fi were daaged thanks to e revolution , whch also eant tat while hey wre reproducing , he genes of the baby were changed .
And the new fis wl o be the sam coventonal fish , they will taste differet or impy change its form .
If here were a revolton in the ity , obviously the fish wuld try to escape .
The fih where going to the bac were , te people fished .
Ta a his entire ream , he was ow scar to know if tt was real or not .
u it a to illogical to be true ; the good thing s tha he was n't t o that wld go an fish , which will be the ladr .
Aft a e days of waig ad only eating fish , hey continud aing th same allergic reacton to the fih taks to thir nutrition .
The omeles m had another dream whre there was a pest aron the forest that was contaminaing all types of food .
Ty ill ntice quickly because ish wl smell worse than it already dd .
When he woe up from hi dream kin of haing a sptic attitude , but he was diminishin it .
Aftr walkig for a o of days , te ' rvivors ' were wored , and thinking of how ch ey would till need to walk to find a city , as they were tiking that maybe they were goin orwrd one da a backwards the et day .
hic meant they wre in the sae place , an that was he reon why he would always watch te sa ...
Nowadays , it is mre and or opula to take a year off eween school an unvrsity .
In fact , it is an importan decion .
You sat ie on your own , make your wn decios and plan your future .
It has an advantaes and disadvantag as wel .
On t one hand , there r a large amount of teenages o have no idea r ther fuure .
They do n't kw which uiversty ad field of studying chos .
During a gap year you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with or future .
You have enough tim to try to use your capabilitie and at th same me discover your own calling .
Besides , there are a reat nube of people wh graduated school but do n't hve enough money to continue tir education .
The er off ges h apportunities to gt a j .
In he bginnin it wod be a simply d without ih wages job ut you oul gt sm eerience .
What 's more , you a s this time to travel a rela .
You an gt to ow other countres nd new individuals .
On th oer hand , I can ee also ngatve aspects of taking a year off .
Y start yur study later omparatively with your frend .
It would be more difficult to tar your own life by neelf .
It is also a poit hat en u do n't exeue what u antd to dring a ga year , y are in the same plce when y wee grauating school .
To s up , I tik that taking a yr ff is an importa decision you should gie it a tought bfore you fnall deie .
er Sir or Mada ,
I am wriing to you in order to apy for the poitin of a camp asistan in Summer Fun t.
Last ear I atende an ar curse , whic taught me how to make interesting hings only with my han and fatsy .
I hv a certificate for hh achiement in aeas of painting a designing tins of la .
In aditin , recetly I pase my Fist Aid Course , hich was qite useful for me .
I am ond of chidren d I ike to be around the , so that it will be a pleaure r me to gain this jb .
Amng my colleagu a friends , I ave a rputtion to be mature , responsible d eay - going person .
I gre up in a famiy , hic members speak fuetly Italian d Spn .
I believ tht his wil give me te chance to consider my aplcation an go he o .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
Nowadays , televion is ver important in ur lives becase there are a lot of benefits and advantages of watching TV .
There are los of interesting programs suiabl for eople of ver a .
In my pinin TV is usefl becaus we can ler many interestng ings and also educe stress watching TV .
We cn choose entertainment proams which re ull of fun .
Everyone cn choose something suitabe or themselves .
We can nd music programs whch are wonderu fo peole h love listening to music n dancing .
en we watc ad listen to music we an learn foreign lguages as wl .
The m usually cooe sprt programs , whh ar really popua on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper wy to watch teir favourite eam than spending money or an expensive tice .
Wo ds not like watchng movies ?
Everybod loves watchin movs !
I or at a gas stton .
Toay I opned the g station at 9:30 in h mornin .
I en late to h gas stion today becase I lf my ke in the bathroom nd I locd yslf in the bathroom .
Someone cae nd opeed the bathroom d I got my ks ad tated to ork .
Today I had 2 hours driving sesson .
Driving instructor picd me at the gs station and from there we went to a parki lo near AMC n practis parallel paring and k - ur .
Afr that I racticd turs and driving on the road .
The instuctor droped me back to the gas satio n rom there I tok a bus to Prineton and from her I tranferred to another bu to my hoe .
ar Madam d Sir
I have seen you English couses in the internet ad uddnly I thouht , hat 's it what I need !
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 year o d I want to learn more Englis because I ve th lanuag and beaus I ed it r my nex job in e sumr .
At e ment I am lving in Grman , bt if I could come to or Englsh cors , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
I want to k ome questions about h curse .
o mh are h costs and how often ll we av the course ?
I ope it wl be vey day because , I wote that , I 'm lookng forward to earn English !
I ould be gld , if u cud respond to my questions so fast if you can .
If you he any queions , please do n't hstate to cantact me .
Tan you ve much .
est regards
Mike
ichal is a clve h guy decie to find o new oppotunities out of hs small on afe t raedy of losin his ather , he felt h ed of ovin orard wh his lif an dscove hs real needs , no ne in Micheal 's school was le to understand hs weird isolated guy , trefore he nee ccepted haig new riendshis o of his class that ends whe the class end , then there was at irl a popular bautifu Blndie tha was in the cher leades ver b ream , one d after pyics exam s just stumbled with his b n dropped i boks u of it , sorr e ai ith a sad sexy look ! ,
that look ho occuped Michea 's mind then afte nd lead im droping is dre of being that creative engier ad abbreviated it al on his muscles and rls hoing ta he ight be noticd fo her , Arika the gr wh was usin any one can ke her reach or cross a step twards he success ad popularity , Mhael felt at he was pathetic deceived whe he s her ith h ew lass 's leer g , he could n't understand that iing up an 's dream is he worst ecision that ill ad to falure , Michel cose h door and nw at at moment he d made a mistake .
We would lke to discuss wih ou t duaion of ech course uni .
To study 1 unit er week was difficult or us , because of translation .
We wer faced it the ral problem of lack of tim fo translating , specially clser to te d when our translaors have wored th very large texs .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase e erod of e tpi studyig ? fo example 2 eks for ac it ?
Or 10 days ?
It maks he udying or effctive and comfortable for us .
Let me know please .
We 're als waiting r iformation abut you fee , oder of payments and ote ters of working .
Yur na .
I have been playing ennis since I w 5 ! I thk it 's a great wy to relax and also to do hysical eercse .
You can la tennis ither in a osed sace or outdoor , so u c also pl it if it is ining outside .
I do n't like dig a prt in a cloe space , sc as ym , in fc , I always do whaever I can to play tennis outor though it 's o a beatifu dy .
As I said befe , I sometimes la tenis in orr to relax .
Each tim I have a wrtten tst at school , I pla it the day befoe .
I fd it hlps me a l becaue it takes my mnd off .
If o want to play this spot , I he to ake a eall b effort and try to train as uh as possible .
I reckon it 's a quie expensive spot , but if your paens ive y a pocket - mone , you wi no have any problems .
So , deinitey , if u want to ty th beautifl experience , I sincerely ecommnd it to o .
.
- It 's so hard o me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Every y I wake up in a very ba mo .
I 'm tring to drik a cup of trng ffee u it des n't help .
Why re you so cheerful in te morning ?
- I though that it was ur normal cnditon .
As for me I 've got some ules
- I 'm just late riser pero .
Tha half of my d I lway sleepy and ngry .
- So it 's not so diffiul to be an eay rse .
Jus follo th d regimen .
A always do ome mrnig exercises .
- Can u sho me some of hem ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
ut you can switch on some specal morning tv - sows .
I wil se y it of them .
Tey a very helpful .
- Ok .
And what about yur breakfast ?
- I 'm absoluely sure ha you ned n't drink coffee every mornig .
Just a glass of stil wate d som fruits .
I think ou should to consult with a doco about it .
- Sure . thak ou fo yr avice .
2 . -
Hell , an , can I talk to you for a inue ?
- Yes , of course .
What happened ?
Something rong wh you ?
- No , I 'm just want to ko you opinion as exrt .
I 've got some prolems wt aing up in t morning
- ust flow the day regiment .
Tr to n to e a ver substantial el in eveing n in te mornig
- Wat aou the coffee ?
- om xpert tink that it is go ing .
Bt I think you mt take aa it from yur ration .
- ok …
- An I forget to d tht ou mus do some morning exrcises .
nd in a wek y will see tha it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
Ye , I believe that levision entertains nd al eductes .
Watching quz programs ar a main way to educate oneself .
We g to kow aout so ay facts on a uiz show .
atching history channel givs us reat inforatin abou the history of earh .
athing national geographical or discovery channels tkes us into a old of nimal wee we get to see numerous wild animal a their characteristics whh are really nterestin .
Daiy watching nes on television enlighten us on what 's happeing aound te orld .
Being aware of current affair are important in our ie .
here are also many disadvantages of television .
The are plenty of entertainment programs which just consume our time with no ther benefits .
It 's rally depressing to see kids being engross in soap operas or soe ueess rality shows or crtons .
Entertainments a a must , veyone ould take te f rom her busy or heti shedule .
But it should be in a moderate lvel .
If everyone uses elevision wisey , it can do mr ood ha bd .
Estimated SA SUMMER CAMPS departent of human resources ,
I am wrtitting this lette as an aswer to the o advetisement for wokig in a ummr am in hic I am uite interested . .
I am actually studying a marketng and makt research degree at Mlaa 's Universiy , in Setembe I will tar my lst year of course , which I hope to finh nex yer .
althou I am stl stying , I as work at weekends as a football refre in the provnce of Málga , I consider myself as a person with a high control we I work th bi groups and also a person h lkes to led groups a ith a god ability to wrk der pessur .
I am sd to wk th children who r under 12 years old , because I usually do kids matches when I reeree .
te onl id of working in the kitchns it rely xcites me , because I would like to provide my experine cookin , I started it as an obligation because my parents whre always working bt finally I led it , and o I do l sorts of derts and meals .
Finally , I want to thank y f our atntion ad I hope to have a fuur contact soon .
Bs rgards ,
Da Mary ,
hnks or yor letter .
I 'm looking frwrd to your arrival !
I know ts is oin to be yr first visit to Rusia and it 's really great ! I 'll give ou informion abou t ways of gettin to my place wihout significant expenses .
T first one is to cac an express s fm te airport to e mro tation " Yuzhnaya " nd he to cange a bus for anothr e goi to my town were I can me you at e bu taion .
The second a is more convenient d comforabe .
I igh pick you up from te arort by r .
That would be splendid and u or both of us ecuse we coud hae a good lo tk a pop into a aé fo a snck .
As for th weather , it 's uie ce at th oent t I suggest aing mething warm just in ase as the wether is very changeable hee .
Ca n't wi to se you !
Lots of ove ,
Svtlana
Der Mr. Green ,
I have jt recived ur eter d I 'm gld hat y ae found my fm te os intresting .
Thak you !
I 'm really satsfie as thre were about 20 competitors and so I wul hv nvr thought to be h wnnr .
I 'd rather go to London an spend a ay filming with he ilm director becuse I 'm going to take my bother with me d he has never en thre .
I think he will be enthusiasic wh I tell him the ews .
I 'm realy sorry , but on My 15th I have an important exam at chol , so it uld be impossible r me to met her .
If th fil director w available on May 18 , it would be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know wo is te professinal flm director .
ating for ur answer .
est regards
ntonio
e perect hotel I wld love to work should be locate in my country .
Paticularly , in the sot of the coutry .
Since many European tourists attept to he thei holiday on th beach enjoying he sun shine ad so discver the histrcal remanings from the past , Atalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
So I could take he avantage of my freign language knowedge .
The hotel should provide variety of cousns from the world , therefore t clients coul e whatever ty wis .
There houl be both indoor and oudoor pools .
Fr disabe people thee suld be expanded services to giv hem ay mbilty .
or couples who hv babies ther shoul be baby care srvics .
There should be a r which is 24 hous opened .
The hotel should have a inlusve concep so before people go fo holidy , hey could clculate their costs .
In the case of workers , I ould like to ave acomodation ven by h copay .
Aso he food sold be provided from th company .
The most imprtat aspect at e hotel should have , it soul be oend whole yar , not only in he summer .
So that I do nt ast all the money in th wier hat I hav svd in t smer .
Cyberschool ave en atemptng to present heir new project called cberschool .
Cybercool is when students receive
lessons to her computs by their teacher .
This new way of teachi pupils h eceied a ix esponse .
Firstly , being at schools wih lots of other chlden in a clas deelops your socia sils , but learnig at hom , makes you ose cotat it oter .
en yu do the lessons , you have noboy to ct to it about .
Als , staying regulal on the computer is a way to t glasss .
Electronics are bad for our eye .
Some individuals migt even bcom coputer ddicts due to te me they spend on teir PC .
Let 's see .... 6 nd a quarr hours of schol plus an exta 30 minte o homework ..... ht is 6 and thre quarer hours on the couter .
hat is more than a quarter of the me in a a !
It 'll be en moe if he student pay gams or do somethng els on he PC .
Penutimate , ter has en a suden se in obesity because of this e poect .
Travelling to chol at least inclues 1 eer of wakig , nevertheless staying at home don wrk on your PC mak yo less active nd health .
Schools provide you wth ealth food despite h fat we 'll us at anything we wnt at home .
Finally , I ersonally disagree it cyberschol .
It 's unheathy and dangerus .
Cyberschol are n't interested in health and safety issues !
o hat thy are bac home , Pauna found out ha h mom as in town , so by instinct he eided to go and visit her , as well his brther tat s ee eaing her because se taunted hm by being in love wt his best frind , they e n't together anymor , but that w uch a devastating thing .
Gnuinly se kne , at begging hi was n't noug , so by going to their old house as a surprs wol be at east would giv he the chance to cnfont nsead of makng a chos bout it , despite this insinificant fraud sh knw hr m would be really apy to se her daughtr .
She call Jimm nd told hm where she was going , but Jimmy i n't answer since he was at wrk , so she ef a voice message .
The conditi of e publc transport is etting worse ay by da .
Tee are only limitd numbers of overnmet buses on the ra and tei frequency are not good so tey get overcrowded .
People board tse bues t of copusion as tey ae to rach office on tie .
On th other an , metro seric is a good edum of transportation , it goes over h road so you do n't g traffic .
The waiting time is minimum , yu t a tran in very 3 to 5 mnutes .
e re of the ero ran is almost equal to the ther transport eas .
The only flaw of metro ervice is its unavailability in remte areas .
Afer a ew kiometer , u il id a b stop u Metro stations re built ony in mjor rea .
So een if yu trvel through metro , u have to tae a bus or ato to eac yu destination uess it is located ner a mto staton .
People w are rih prefe to travel by ther o cr as hy can take an rut and ive as pr thir cnveniece .
In pubic transport man eope do n't get a et n hv to stand throughout the jurney , it is very exauting especially in a long journey .
While in a private vehil ou can si comfortaby a enjoy ou jurny .
If we ke out te cost acto , tee is t a singe rean fr anyone to travel through public transport .
Many crms such as pickpocketing , ee easin , vilnce , etc tke plac in pulic transport .
It has been an easy taget of terrrsts to plt bombs , so if yo are traeing through a s , you accept th risk .
Everyone ca no afford a car so public transport wud be there bt in future as well but fewer people will use it .
Recent graduate vs. experience worker
Ou ompan is a small an based ompany which wor within the same field f almst 50 year .
e of ou seniors workers will retire in a month ad therefore As I 'm in carg of the Huma Resource department ha to sart the earc of a new emploe .
Hiring a new employee is t an easy b .
It is a comonly hl view ht an expeienced wrke ill facilitate th search of .
Howve , I would like to review anoter ptions such hirig a rcent graduate frm a renowne unversity .
Ay experiene wrker ould brg a ses of clm , steadiness , isdom , commitment and eperienc of course .
He wl contriute wt his life experience , ad he will request o better working conditin as saly , fmily times , and health nsuranc .
oweer , a recent gaduae will be avid to acumulate knowledge n feless of tyig a ifferent approach .
In my opinion , ecen rauates are ambitious , witout prejudices and most of them a o amil people as of yet .
Their lifes re fcsed on their caree .
In onclusion , I oud s that a recent grauat ould be a eat asset fr our compay as ey accomplished our targts .
Nowdays , many young pple use moe ad me social neorks to peak to ech other .
Hoever , it n have a bad effet on their ies .
Wa disadvantages does it hve ?
Firstly , it is tr tht they have simiar relationhps that we could ave many eas ago .
e onl dfferene is that hey use dfferent rsoures to kp in uch , such as emails and messages , instead of witing letters , whih tok much time to arrive .
In ft , it ccan help them to speak wit thr friends oe asly .
Tre is a strong argument fo believin hese resoues can prejudice their writing skill .
While it is tue hat socia etworks help y people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write heir mesags ih abbrevitions .
fte dng this regularly , thy tnd to have robles at schoo beaue they tart to write incorrectly .
Tre is anther problem relates to safety .
Generally , youn people do n't hve any probe in posting their personal phoo on t Internet .
hey alo ubish their conversations on the internet .
But hn do this , tey expose a lot of details about hemseles , dtals that everyone cn se , escially strang eple .
In conclusion , I think that ocial ntworks ca constitute a big problem , especially for pople ho are not aware of hat angeous the are on th intrnet .
ar Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear yu 'll cme to visit me !
N I explain to you , how to rach my home fro the airpo .
ftr leaving h irprt , u hae to take the u nuber 14 n you have to t ff at the thrd bus tp .
After you n take he s , whic drives you to Chiari .
In Chir you ae to get of at te train tation .
You surely remembr that place because the las ie o cme , you told me tha it was he worst tain station her you 've never ben .
Thee ou 'll in me waiing o you .
In ay the wether is usally sunny , bu in e evening ould be oler than ring h a .
If yo do n't want to catch a cold , y shoud bring a jacket an me touses .
e me know the exac date of your arivl .
I look forward to seeng y to spend tgethr this month .
est wishes ,
Em
Dear Mria ,
I am gad to hear that yu re interested in vistin Brazil nt umer .
I suest that u visit a illag in he sou of Bahia caled " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a little village her you a experience a iffeent culture , in local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a god place to spend your holiday nd a perfect ple to rest .
Near " Taus " , you cld vii " Baa Grande " , wher y n s the sunset at " nta do tá " and at seafo oerlookng the by .
Television crrently occupies a very impotant role in entertainment , howeve , o of the problems that ocety has facd since television became pouar is that it is a ditrctor in ecation .
It is believed , there are ways to make TV c lp educate .
ere ar educatioal progrm and channels which trasmt go documentaries , but mo eople prefer other types of prgrams , uc as crtoons , sop opera a soccer matches .
In addition , any of the educatioal programs are no tansmitted by broadcast eleviion and peoe witot cable system , have no access to hse .
So the TV could becoe a usfu tol in t educational process if mor effort is put in this , from th tlvision programming to the pefernce of society-
It is argued tht whether the gernment or teachers have t right to deermine wha subect houd be taught in schools .
In my opinion , althogh ther ae oe advantages if teachers were responsible or this task , I believe that the govrnment is re suitable to la this mission .
There e to min dvantaes of teachers eciding what subjects taught in schools .
Frstly , ah teacher ould be be to tach curses according to their ow expertise , whc ledng to a or advanced an hgh - quality teaching .
Secondly , tachr cn selct subjects tht ar more useful fr local cultre .
However , what tudens learned ght be biased to crtan asets .
d it il be diffiult o examining tudnts ' abliy in a natioal cal .
Moreover , t a teachers ha the biity to design a ih - quality cuse map .
If th decision is made by central authoritis , the most obvious dvantage is tht the estimation for student ' grades old be stanardied in e hole counry .
Fr eaple , a fai gde judging sytem is essenial in an Join Colleg Entrance Eaminatio .
Although some drawbacs m eist when this task determined by the cntrl authorities , a commttee comprisng expers in difeent disciplines can minimize hes drawbacks .
In coclsion , while ere are advantages a disadvantages for bh central auhorities nd teachers leading this task , I pref te government to do so .
Nowadays , a t of people say th riend r t faily ta ou choose .
In my opinion it 's true , howeve , family is a vey important at in yor life and u have to ta care of it .
On t n an , frends is like a family becau ou lve together a lot of experienc d adventes .
They are essentials to shar secrets or any tng .
It is very importan tat you hose enune friends .
It is tter to be aon than badly company .
On te other hd , family is very imporant .
Not only because they thn taken at world bu also th ae always a the trut .
Not only what yu want to hear .
Thy to want better fo you , d alays they will be by yor sie .
In concusion , so famiy n fieds ae ver necessaris in ur lfe .
It is portant to take cre every moment at his side .
If you feel oe , hare it!Every day a be the lat .
ot texts ontrbute ifferet approaches to usc ndustry .
Accoringly , the first one considers if e activity a been affected by fil sharing whereas he second analys the liv performance success in th present tehnologicl era .
Th first text aserts tht ie sharing benefits w artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despe the fact it is beeved that fe sharing is dtrimenta f the music industr .
Additionaly , the write sugests ht it h some potntial which ca be use by CD industry .
The second text ssesses he attraction of conets dspite t present high uality of recorded music , an suggest ta the reasos to succeed a be h comual experience and s offer of diferent songs a performances that make the live performace an unforgettable expeiene .
As a ater of ac , I agree 0% with ot ext .
Regarding il haring , in my view , music idutry shod adap to n technologies and abts of uer .
On the ohe han , personaly speain , I 've always felt amazed by t attraton of concerts oe lare audiences , tereby in my opinion , te second tx ofers a good reasons to expain hs phenomenon .
Hi eer !
I ws really pleased to receive yor mai .
I 'm ve xcted about your arrived in Snt Cruz ne week ; I 'll give you som advic about aeome places to isi .
e weather in nta Cruz is bilin this season , u should bng lht clothn .
The first place y could visit is FEXPOCRZ , you will be astouned with th gorgous girls nd the fascinating business you can e it .
I remmer ht you are fascinat th Nature , an y could go to Gebe to a a delicious tycal food , you wil see an maing view and a lot kind of tiny butefly , there ae amount of variety .
Sata Cz is growing every er and n it is e bigest cy in Bolivia a I lik to live here .
If yu wn sighseing in downton and enjoy te nightlife , I know a fnny lae where we cn nce ad dri a lot .
You wll t regret to visit Santa Cruz .
If you ned more information abot this city , et me ow .
I 'm wting fo you ,
ver best wihes ,
Mirha
My favourte por
I think my fvourit prt is cycling n swimming in summer or sping an sking in winter .
Why these sports ?
Becaus I an cycling and swimming lmot whenever . I might sy in eery easo .
That 's e mai reason I love it .
When it 's cold I always go to a cov swimming pool and when the weather is warm or h and he sun is shining I always go to a rservoar .
Instead of cclin in wntr . I old n't do it bease cording to my opinion it is qie dangerous .
Te rods can be frze .
An h skiing .
That 's th e of e possibilities which nd I can do in winter wen I an to be t . Instead of a wa or snowboarding .
But I lke it bcause I go to e mountains with my friends ver year and we alays he a lot of f and that 's a great time for ec ther of us .
I hink it has moe psiives thn negatives . I do something r ysel bease I 'm on the fresh r and I do some activity fo my od .
And oe , I ae an oportunity to meet n people .
Mabe one of my be rieds in the future .
On e othr hand , I cn ave a col and temperature or something like that .
Bu I can manage it .
sar de Cáres , Feed Smiles .
sar de Cáces is located in h north of Cáces , you a ee a lt of amazing things in ti spcacular villa .
Walking around t mysterious streets n be a great experience , we c find soe really nce people , icluding pilgrims rosing te village every da folowin the histori ph of te Va de la Plata is located in Csa .
Discover this beautiul twn wt the five senses ;
Watching t suset ie between th humble houses a four chapels , one in ah of he carinal points , deicated to Santiao , San Batolmé , L Mártie nd La Solad .
You ca sell d tase the gastronomic deght that ofer , uh as the stunning rta del Caar wt enomnation of origi .
Finally , you be ble to hear ad fl t naure and pece tha you can find in ths paradise .
Cme to vsit !
Mari Paz Sanabria Motz .
2º ADE - TRISMO
Owin a c certainly mks trips fster and easier .
Mn drivers regard travelling by car as a future mas to tave hch hels peope save uc im .
However , others believe ta pubic transport is beer du to t ac that public tranport is enviromentally friendl .
To my elief , thre es exist a proising futur f publi transport .
It is a nown at tha travelling by cars is ess green thn by pblc ransport .
In te present - day society , susanble development is of paramount importa as r enironmen is being destroyed on a fast pace .
Ung pubc rnsport elps save up resources such as fl n eletricit .
If ones init on ravelling by cars , th re , in ct , producing greenhouse gas hich a giv ou by thei cas .
It is sely not envirnmentally friendy .
To preseve our environment , taking public transport is a must nd a global tre in the fuur .
ll in ll , public transport should be an indispensable part of ou future plan becaus we have to proec o beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much mo convenient , is nver a clever choice fr the betterment of o future society with the severe environmental sues .
Public transport is still itl par of scity and shuld remin as it is .
If everyone stat using car for raveing ; the roa wo n't be enough to everyon as there are sve bilion peple in t word ; and vn or environment it is better to use as ess as possible .
On t of tat , fuel consumption old be too high as we av limited avaiability of ul resources .
Th goverment nd public bd should start thinig about it and to sve t socey public transport is the bs .
Certa e pople wo n't be al to drve a car so hat they definitely ne the puic transport .
I ca understand t use of pubic trasprt is decreasing ow a dy , ut there is still fuur for it .
Everyone should think bot it which is ealy vital o the society ; a specially t intenatonal bd shod do something out it to motivate pople to e public transport as much as possible .
So in summay to sve e environment , to ake the rad accessible to everyone public transport should have ben ed a we ll shod y to edcat people about the mportanc of pulic transport .
Michl s a 25 years boy .
He s very beautifl an many girs ised hi to become the boyfriend .
ut he did n't want a girls becaus he loved only Jessica .
Jessica was 21 yer ld .
S ws his neghbour and they lo each other ro whn tey wee youg .
The li in a little twn in the Massachusetts .
But one day she decided to take f for Auralia to visit some reaties .
He asked Jessica to coe with her , but she d n't agree becaue bfor maryng h she would ty to e if tir love culd ho out against everything , also e ditance .
So she prepared er luggage an she wn to ay oodye to i .
He was er angry , so he told hr : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , nvemore . "
S was isappointed a t to explain h thought to m , but he d n't want to understand her reasons .
He was raid to lose e n he dd n't want to tr to trus her and their ove .
" If you thk so go away , forever ! " tld Michael .
Jessica id n't answer , ut she loke at him for he ast ime whe she waked ay .
Mhael lose the or d knew at at momt he ad mad a mitak .
Shpping guide for tourists .
If I were a tourist , I woud like to have a gret shopping guide wih an eormous riety of hos .
This wa , I could choose the one wih I refr .
he , I would ak h nex recommendation .
Souenirs store .
When omebdy tavels , this person wants to neer forget the place he has visitd .
Then it is ve important oig to th ore ad choosing an objet tha kes you remd the most exitin ay of te trip , a ogeous monumen ou he seen , ...
Fasion store .
Usually , girls can not spend ay days ithout going shopping and buin som clothes .
Thes irls oud go to an olet which is nea to the t gallery .
There , yu can fn all the styles of clothes hat you a imagine .
Therefore , o wil be assessed politely .
Sports ore .
This shop is loved by e ost spry people in h town .
If ou are like te , it will raise your eyebrows e to the hue variety of sports equipmen you will e .
Nevertheless , the spt str is a little expensive .
To sum up , in thi town yu can fnd al sorts of hop .
owevr , these three oes are he st visited by ourist , so hy will not disappint you .
Sme people say that are not future fr pulic transort .
he argue hat a large number of people prefers travelling in private ransport , because it is more comfortable a convenint .
B it is true ?
Travelling by cr can give you a certain status quo and mae you feel mo indepndent , besies the comfort and covenince .
However I beliee h public traspor still be very mpotant in o ociety and has a huge uture .
Firstly , travelin by bs or in other public transprt,(as underground ) , lp us to decrase the emissions of gas , which caues pollution a global warming .
Secodly we all know that e public transort is cheaper than th private trsport .
And the lst , ( but n the leas ) , public transport is uch se tan h pvate , bcaus it tranports much more people , nd so , ere is more cauttion .
Detoxification , a meod eopl often us to lose weight , has nt been proved by t scienc .
Pole thnk that it is a common d efective ay , but I eliev ce there is no scietiic eidence , it should not be brough to the weight loss pross .
In fct , ome people st undestand an aspect of ths method , tt is to say , the ha applied wrong mhod .
Take an eample f tis , some tenager dink dtox water instead of meals fo three or four as in order to lose weight quickly .
However , the way has brogh som unexpected results u to hei wrong conep .
In fa , some deaths have bn caued by bringing deoxificatio to wght loss proces , because they ollo the majorty without carefully considering .
enrally speaking , e etho has ot be deostrated by h scietists , so it is beter to vod it in order not to get om unexecte conequenes .
ilm sars a politicans e interesting fo people because of their lents and secia abilities .
Of corse , people want to know some fcs of personal life of famous people , but often tar dont'n like when jornalist try to t in hei life .
On the oe hn , amous people t to hide tier life fr journalists .
In th everyday life , th nterne has beame e of th st important thng ad it is becoming more nd more influental .
On the first hand , I wuld lik to tlk about the at that th th hp of e intret we n easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
her ae comunit site lik Febook , whih have a built in messenger .
This messener cn help us to hat it o friends wthot meeting them .
On the other hand though , eopl a beome ant social , us because of the lack of rel fac to fac meings .
In the second pt , with the interet we can folo t news an current afairs ery qickl and we do t ave to wt for h ns on the television , and we do not hav to by newspapers .
It is more time efficient d in my point of ew it is mre easier .
However tese nw can be fls .
Las ut no least , the internet is or n .
Ter a a lot of nny websis whc ca pu you in a od mo .
In conclusion , t internet ave prs and cons , t it can be ve eful an fu to e .
Gnadentl is a vey small , consitin of almost ny n single riable rod village , whch is not amous for its size , though .
Wat is really special about thi litl vllag is the Christian broherhood , liing there re an 10 years .
Tat prbably is the reaso why the local circumstances ar still milar to h oe of the Middle Ages , exclusive of oe infrastrucura improveets ha de decases ike plaue redundant .
The fw houses thmselves e e around a very d , Romaesque chur , which is bordered by a traditonal amyard for gring sheep n cows .
Neaby , fields wi grong vegetables can be viite , which never has been altered by any modern machine t oly by the power of hand n catle .
Gnadethal is xceptionally suitable for people o an to ak some time off ther hrd n stressful aily lie in rer to fn clmess and to think aut thmselves in a way of her chracte .
Sce here is no chance f any distractions bcaue of th missing igtal infrastructure , any gus wi exerience a four - day visit te same as a or - week jurey in the sua wester word .
This enbles him to e ued to the traditional ay of life of a monk .
In addition to t fm ork , living in a society of trust in ch other is essenia for hese eple .
By conseving tis place , he oppotunity to gather a geat amount of pychlogical enrichment is cnserve , too .
Hi ro , Wat up by there?.I'm going to recommend yu to ve up fo pot , as I told you too many tms , sport its bad for health , it akes ou to be a y with le or arms broke or somethng like this , and the mus is improving a stimulting your rai and intelligence .
u also I ld you tht if u ar so od in sports you mih gt a grant for your studies hich il gt worth it so I do n't nw , in my opinion I wuld contine with th music if u r ood at cause is better for or brai but also sort can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I old thin aut it d compare whih of boh of them you lke ore or make ou fe btter or rla moe or just mae y laughed or ae a good tme .
Wel there is my opinn I il ask some friend aou and I wi r to rte you another letter in a few days to help yu mor , ao if yo have aothr poblem , do n't fret to sk me for hel please , I will help yu in all u wan .
See u my Ngga ¡
Noadas , my favourite sport is running .
Genraly , it sms a modes spor or simple hob , but permit meeting more n more people along th urbn steets w make jogging too .
Then yu realise ha unning is a way of life , a healy way of le .
So , I enjoy running lone or with frends , because this sot have a lo of possbilis , mr ha I blievd when I tarted to n fter finishig ig Shoo .
At t beginning , I ha a flatmate who loed cycng d running , vn in a city lk Madrid .
Therefore , we we ou at night afte univrsity classe and we prerred soft soil paths than avemnt .
Later , I have ha moe romates , olleague d partners een who practised th sport , wch is aong t most fashionable oe at thi mmnt .
Moreover , the rces e masser a mssr d me ad ore populr .
But , o the begnners , I would uggest a o of patience and persistence , a practsing with company because running m be bored , tid , dangerous , ee , ut if u ge a song spirit nd wll power , u 'll see h you cn reduce you physical and mnta weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an imprtan thing for everoe .
Ma kinds of spot which e favourite of mi is Karate .
Kaate is o jus a sport .
It 's ls a techer in my if .
Karate me me strong n le me kow w to face soethng I scared before .
I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
Thoug the rai of Karate , I undersand yself really .
he train of Krate helps me overcome my difiult things on my learning way .
If yu want to y it .
Karate is not a difficult skll por .
It 's an easy and a good healthy sport .
Jt ike laing a ga .
pning your mind , do n't be chicken an you 'll find different oe about y !
Publc Transport with no Future
Ee thoh there have be man efforts to ak pole use their c less , we hav to mit that this battle is aread lost .
Since most of hese puli ransprt amendments have been emedial rather tan something pland foreseeing ftre problems , they have nly been of limited hlp ad , therefore , they have oly wore for some time .
Ti has resulted in ony the very in - need people usi public transport , and the vast mjority of people still s their persnal automovile , with t incvemiences a sety eig an excse .
Indeed , using public tranprt is nt only unae n uncomfortable , but als unhealthy .
On ca n't imagine how many ers ( vir included ) lay on a and bar waiting f a skin to rush in .
Only inking of a mks me azy .
So , little by little , ad as coomic conditio of eopl improves , plic transport will eventually disapar .
At first , I hv to admit ta I hate any kn of sports , because I know I 'm not oo at em .
In he pst , I tid to pl basketball , tennis , in pong and so on , but he outcme mae me depressed and less confdet .
Howeve , ater I came to Ne Zalad , I found a special sport whch dos n't ne any abiiy , trekking .
Th igest bnefi of trekking is tht you can joy fantastic view fo h summit of mouains .
Aso you ar ble to choose a place to go depend on hw you feel .
Epecialy in New aland , there a some beautiful islads and you an get to them by fery easily .
If you ae interested in trekking , you should buy wtr - proof clothes just in cae .
If you do so , You do n't have to be worried abt bad eather n mo .
Do n't foret to brn sm drink as el .
In sm lac , you will find difficulty in finding it .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enoyabe sots even for eple do n't like spts like me .
t 's tart trekking as soon as possible , otherwise you il miss oppotuity to see fbulous scenery .
During th last decad , t numer of as sed in bg cies a incresed steadily . Proportinlly , air pollution and deaths associatd to raffic aidents have lso augmented .
One way to reduce tose negative consequences is to foster te e of public transport .
However , there is a great ebte on whetr hs is really a od soluion .
Pubic transport is a more efficient wa of using energy .
It mves more people per liter of oi ued and cotaminates a sal fraction of what it would had been if evey assenger had traveled usig an individual car .
Hwver , publc ransort lacks some advntages ol foud hen usn ou own car .
ntead of taking your sa righ home , u ed to go to a more or es a place in der to take a pubc transport , and wait fr the time it is scheduled to arie .
e acon has to be epeatd whn y lve the us or trin at th ed of your jouney .
One thing which we could be sure is that e world is chaging ut pulic tranpot xisted in he past an wll be in th future .
Firt poi , which I oul lik to menchioned aot is co .
You ned to spnd a ot of money wh you nt to u it , wh yo an to insurance it and use it .
Cars ar n't chep and if you hin ht is easier to mve orm n place to anothe whn you have a car , you hve t a point but hre is a lot of considerations which yo should ocur lik : a , nsurance or parig cost .
Moreover , u sould recon about cofort during he trave .
Whe you rivin by the car ou shoud be focus on h ro , you need to thik what could happen , what the othr drivers nt to do and which wy ou shoud choe .
at could be frustrating speciay when u have log oad ad you need to spend long hours divig .
Finaly , the word conviniend f everyone means something dirrerent .
Fo o ersn that uld be option yaht u hv car which is prked aong our road or on you divay and on a tme o could go whenever ou want , fo th oer ha old be pleasr that they cud noy e ri without thinking about n car 's sues , Tey are fitful that they could mt ome ne pople a take prt with others life .
I 'm in the class 4B in Lice Darwin in Rivol .
Being there has som advantages n disadvantages .
I n start with saying something aout advantages : we ar not jst classmates t we re friends .
Ma of us hang out togehe during weeens a they hv ecme a group , ie me d my other the close friend , but al " best fred " .
We sually eet tee times a year all ogether to eat a pizza in e ity cnter .
Aother advantage could be teache : thy ar quite stic somtimes but he mak us studying hardr ad this is nt so easy to do with teenagers .
But the most imprtat one is at if o are too red or tie yo an ook out ove a gret sight of uri or muntais fr a las ' window .
But tere ar om disadvantages lk stirs becase we ae at te secod floo . We would like to keep it bt we hv to use too man strair to reach our classroo nd tat 's so annoying somtims .
We share the floor with anothr school and it ha a different tietable ad t bll rings 10 minues before n it makes me confused but I eally li 4B and I oul n't change it .
Are te the es invention ? : Cars
At the sart of the 20th entry , almost no - body ha a ar .
Nowdas , amost everone hs a car !
But is tis a good ting or a bad thing ?
Ca c be useful for severa rasns .
Frsly , they allow us to travel fast by ad , mostly to the exact lac we wan to go .
Furtherore , travelling by a is a vey comfortabe way of tranprt .
For isance we can use cars dio to listen to me rlaxing music , or sten to news whil aking ou way to te plae we want to go .
As y may be concerned , cars ae vry useful but the aso have some disadvantages .
Noadays people ar depending on them o much .
Cs are being used ven wh not ecesary .
In addition , crs ave be increasin the world cron missio and ha causs the ' Ozone Layer ' to th down .
Finaly , f u cr to work , we need to fill them with fu , hich is expensive .
To sum up , cars ve advantages but , on the ther had , the can aso reat prolems .
In my opinion , crs are one of the best and ms useful inventions .
Unfortunately we shold be careful wth e way we s tem .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to har rom you again .
You gave me a fantasti new sing ou a oing next ye !
You 've chon th bs coutry for attendng university .
Italy is well regded abou its ducation .
Travelling could be a oo ay to ipove your lenguage and to know better Itl .
You shod absolutely visit ome nd Flrence !
hes a both amzng because a full of hisry ; in t first e you ca still ee Romans'monuments insted Florence offers lt of Medieval crches .
Meaybe yo 'd choose to atte univeristy in one of the cities !
Ialy offes lots of ork opportunity urig summertime .
It is a turist country , you may rk as a waiter in my cty .
Tell me xactly when il y arrive as soon as pssile !
All th best ,
Graza
Ad s wele yars old , a clever boy in hs shoo , always gets te top marks and participate in ms activiis , known r ll te teachers and stdents .
He lso participted in the chol football team n w the state lub .
Despite l previous hings Adam wa alone , has no friends in schol or in abbeywood street in Queenlnd here he lved in Australia an Adam a very annoyed abot tht nd what ake it worth a boy called Johnn who had nsultd him d Aa id n't wan to he a fight ith hi .
two eks lar , Adam began to mke some friends t rom his ad luck , ey wr n't vry od friends , they used to mak roubles nd do n't do the ho work in time .the boy wre Fernando and Lus in ter sevnh ear in shol as Adam .
The ah teacher in school Mr Michael was a ve good teacher wh take cre of cldren in cool .
He realized Ad 's mrs are getting low ad he invlved in some roubles in chool and began to invetigat im .
In the final exam Mr Michael caugh dam cheating and inor e shol 's maager wo suspeded Ada from al other eas d ford i to eeat the year .
In mattr of fact Mr ichael should ae povided some dvice r Adam wh his mak g low u he idn't , an the consequences wer ver bad so , Michael cloed t dor d know at ta omen he h mae a mistae .
I liv in big cit , th cpital of Spain , so thee re different ransport .
I prefer to use t tain or the tu , because they e punctual and because the are a signs were you c s the time ess .
Aso , evy thee or fou inutes you can get on th train .
There are buses o , but I do o like em . Depend on the dot , thr ae traffic problems a u must wat a ong tim in a us stop .
I am fo a small island wre nly there is a form trnspor : the bus .
I am from a lttle town ad I ust wait n hou to go to he city center .
It is awful if you do not have a prvat trnsport .
I prpose to use feer cas .
I ko hs is t easy but tere is an eclogical and cheap transport : e bicycl .
For shor ditane it is a good ay to do xercise and to avod cotaminatig .
Of course it is not a way fr long distance , b sep to ep , the trfic problems ill improve .
For lmost th etie durato of " Now yu see me " , I was confused .
B let me tel you that I as cofused in e best way , nt becuse it a rather wacy bu because hapened unexpece .
her 's no question hat this fim by direcor Louis Letrrier is the ot original n thought - provoking stories I ve ee in recent yers .
In fat , he box - office hit en it was released d t film went on to gross over 35 million .
e plt revolves arnd an FBI squd o face , in a game of t an mouse , a tea compounded of t best four illusionits .
The ae called " Te ou Horsemen " .
Thy carried ou a series of daring roberies against corupt busies leader drng thir performance , sharn ut e slen mony wh their auienes .
As fr as the torline is oncerned I have to say tha the film is eally as - oing .
Regarding acting , taking in acoun that it is a b - budget fl there is no much to a .
It is farly well lyed by acto , su as , esse Eisenberg , Morgan Freen who play teir rl pefecly , making the im light - erted .
If I have to stand ut ny wekess I wl y that is a i predictle .
t me xplain it .
As it is a mvi related to magic tricks en a sequnce is playe a it see simple and esily understanable you kn tt , indeed , it is not .
If o do n't like flms that mae yo think , this film is o for o .
On t ohr hand , if you are ookin for a il hat is extrmey gripping nd can keep u guessing , it 's defntely the right choice or you .
We must edue exm sress from hig school sudent .
Eam sres leads to many bad conseqencs towars gh School Stuent .
Thee consequences vary , one exmple would be that stuents may ge lower grads on their xams , or en fa tem .
hy can also have cnstan oo chnges a high levels of nervousness , since te may have lost any hours of seep whilst studying for a certin em .
As a esult , many ih Scool Students a not cncentrate during clsses , or whst studying since ty have may things on oing throg their ads ( since they 've be studying a lot ) .
Based on l the pobems listd ( and many more ) , we ust find solutions ht ill hep both student nd prossors to de ith exam sress .
e of the solutions I wul give is to hand in tuy ides to the studen .
This will help them as a mtho to study or revi for the exam and redue ther lees of stress .
T study uide does n't need to necessarily be a on and omplex one ( ince those may use them tress too ) ; they may be ut a quk revew wi a cple of coepts and exercises .
Anther simple sution I tnk coul help is to study as wl as to review content during sessios before a cerain exam , to hep the students tdy whlt stl having a class .
The previous re te st possible solutions I woul addres in order to stop once a for all t proble of ress thanks to exa , in which most of the cases , as e previous aragraph explained , leas to many more .
he I ws a child I used to spend thousands hours playing football , nywhre I cold .
Always dreaming becoming a gret player , playing in a stadim roded , apping teir hands looking at what I d th the al .
When I grew up I realize sooe tn late , at I ill never be nor a good either a bad player , and they sai ta I was one of the orst plays ever lid .
Then I dcided to study eninering and becoming one the best enineer eer .
Long ater that d such I s a natual talent abou engeneering , I gan to wrte ooks and essays abu everything realted with my job .
Life becoming biger more and more .
Today ou need more than wh u needed yestery .
People looking fo comfortable esy if .
We a l looking for that without reat diffiulty or effort nd one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
Many students today like to study abrod to get hih leel of life to ge tir fe job and experience a ne wy of life .
Studying abad can enhance empoyment oportuniies .
companies are looking f ell eucate eope ih a good experience to re d stuents mre likly to i hei choices .
it your ertifiate you an easily fine a job .
Universities re so a ich ple for bg pprtunity to ge ther if you hv studed abroad .
You a work at a university as a lecturer nd get a high slay .
Students who go to study in another country expeince a variety of lfe .
They met ne people and make friends th students from differnt countries .
Try nw food in competely differnt places .
hey can explore cities in weeeds or acdmic breaks .
Learn h to do everting by themselves a bcoe independent .
To u up , studyig aoad is a geat chace to g a gret job as u av higher education with much ore experiencs .
oreover , yo can learn man tngs an pand or knowledge , hve friends from different bagrounds .
Dea Paco ,
Hi !
o e you ?
Do o remember o arangement ?
IBy Fbruary we 'll hae fnished r xams and we 'll av more fre ti .
r tat reason we 're going to putting our name down at th gy and the siming - pool .
Furthermoe , on Tesday an on ridy we wo n't have cass and we will be able to go running d cycling .
Besides I 've a g surprse , apart fom rememberng our agreemt , my athe is takn up hiking wth hi friends an he has offered us to oi in .
What do u think ? We could go on Suda mning .
Neverthess , wat abt avin lunch on Saturday and peak it quietly ?
Answr me oo
est wishes
Julianete
Dear editor
I 'm writing in resonse to te announcement in Internatinl Spots Monthly .
I would lie to say that my favourite sport is biwatching .
I know ha this is something srage but I really enoy it .
To begin th I am interested in birdwatching becase om when I as ong nd I wat to be a biologist en I gr up .
Brdwathcin relly relax me and brig me closer to he nature .
Furthermore I enjoy being able to recogni te difernt spees of birs .
If someon wns to start birdwathing , I tik he shou be ntereted in birdwaching first .
Ts mean tt if he doe n't like it , he will efinitely give up immediaty .
So if someon really wt to birdatch , he should firt know hat speces of bds there are in the aa that he ives .
en he should y a ai of binoculars or a teescoe .
To sm up I believe birdwtching is a rell exciting srt bt o ust like it to sart it .
pots or hobbies could be geat options lik e activities in rder to plan in my colle , howver I believe there are oths which cold be provided o us and it would be iteesting to tak part in .
Do n't you kw to say in e presence of a hu audence ?
Are you nrvous when you have to speak on public ?
The n activity which I hae thought it could be organised nd it culd hve sucess is calld " The Clb of dcussion " .
It et us improving our hearing d speaking skills .
In additio , it could be nteresting although you do n't ave to do hysical actitivy , ecuse of yur cpaciy to redaction a seech , uppor an idea , hv a connected speh il be got better in this kind of activity .
at 's mr , it des n't requre a specific place to tak plce in , it cou be trying nwhere .
I tink tha the llur of his acivit is you cn meet a l of popl and share with he tht experiecs .
Moreover , I thnk that it should beoe a reality because the field of the activity is so broade and it could be useful in other plenty scpe even in you daily rutne .
In concluson , making a speech contributes on our social relsionshps and it alows us to define our ersonaity .
I thn ha my college mt provide an actvty wich is foused on th social abiliie and it taces you how u must spek in front of a mutitude , and wh no cld be tis ?
Da Lucy ,
Thank r your last ettr .
I am gad to ndrstood tht everything is OK about u .
I am vry grateul tt you will he me th seachng oe iformation bout collgs in nglad .
Actually , I am interestd in scence , esecilly area btween chemtry a physis .
Alo , it wll be interesting f me tuition , whh refers to blogy and ifluence in dfferent nd of chemial compouds over t human bd .
You know tat I h leart biotechnology at school in Bugaia .
Please , heck for me , whc colleges provide these subjecs and when ey trt .
I want to kw if it is availble a grant .
If so , what is th criteria for giving it .
Last , u not least , what is h fee ? I want to find a college , which is not so expensive .
Thans a l f your support !
rite to me as on as possbl .
Best wishes ,
ik
.
Customer satisfaction is much great when he gets service which a value or quality much geater than he epeced .
If service meets oly the epectation and does o provide anything ore tan it , mes cutome satisfction is there but customer would t fe great .
If servi is nt meeting expectation of h custoer or i quality just low expected , it uses customer disstsfaction .
Tis wll esut in consequeces suc as ngative feedback .
In this context it can be conclued that 78% of he esondents are satisfied with bo e usomer services of builds and results of Vasthu .
Rest of the respondents ave positive feedbak .
The factors which hinders other respondents rom givin very ositive feedbac a be eihr dissatisactin cause by custoer servie or failue of meeting rslts of vash to their epectatons .
I like wtching movies a l .
It is one of my avourite free im actvitis .
I ie a kin of movies . Cmedie alwys make me laugh and I like it .
Also , I et rm th rouie while watching it . I c lax and st watc , laugh and tlk to my frends .
Anthe reason y I like comedies , there is a wide variety of this in if oves .
Y can cose wh yu want to watch .
Personaly I , atc a comedy movi almos every evening .
It make my od ette an I fal asleep while watchng it .
I reond to te rticle " White House cals or ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong eleions afr petion attrcts 0,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I feel sa ad angry to no that 0,000 Hng Kon eople uport this webse .
ey re sho sighted and seems ht ty are brn - wash by radical dmocracy houghts .
People who signed in the website were coludin orein pows to sppress our ow coutry , China .
I think this is traitrs ' action .
The do not have asic loyaty to their ow ountry .
ing foreign pwrs to threaten China is a in of unwise a .
Hg Kongers , bng a Chinese , shold no inhii our own country , with othr countries .
In fact , hina will no be moved by tis , and this wi aggravte h contadictio betwee Hong ng , Cin and he US .
China has he per and freeo to decide th way to settle the diste .
The US n ter countries hould ot drupt it .
It is better t to interfere t internal politic affas en they do t kno lots aut Chin 's olitic condtons .
The US is relly a busybody .
As we a kow , Occupying Cetal is illeal .
he US is spporing this illegal ativity indirecty .
T US always keep " re by law " as eir catchphras , bu Occpying Cntal is betraying t Hong Kong aw .
So it is ery strange for US to say " rule by law " when they suport Occupying Central .
In Occupying th Wal Street , the US id not sees to be mu oe peaceul than Tiananmen Massacre .
Accorng to Wiki encycopeda , BI called th occupir as " teorist " d decided to suppess the dipute as settln terrorist tack .
So the US h no qualification to crticie Chia .
Apart om this , he president eection in te US is fl of unfiress .
I do n no if there is filter fo president candidates , I jut knw that th balots e conted in sate .
The are dfferent umber of reidnts in diffrent stts , but it uses the taes to represent the residents . I do n think the election is ai enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " o Hong ong .
Is t US eally arget to get on Kong ito a demoacy ar ?
I thin o , bt a democrac " country " .
Afer Hong Kong ges " ral emocracy " , th US wil dve on ng to be independet .
The US lwas target on dividing China into mny sma , weak cunries , then it can brea up a cpetitor of itsel .
And it can even occy the broken China to ge interest in it .
et us see counties at the US introdued " democracy " to it .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , there ere chaos fr " democracy " everywhere , ad the nx , might be Hong Kong .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to cas that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
The signatr collecion of the Whie Hou now eded .
hna h not take ny furthr action .
I realy oe Hon Kongers that iged in he wesite could think again wt ty we doing a ow harful it is to China .
And I realy think the US could stop pckin on hin .
Learning an ideas and knowing deaied fact bo ar considered rucal for suents education .
Sm people think ha knowing ft is mo easl and pratiable .
Nevertheless , ohrs onider erning idea ad conct is the es w to confront many cademic and real - fe prolms .
In my ew , l completly gre with t idea ht it is important to studes to learn iea and concept than ear acts .
I would li to expain my reasons .
First , learning facts n help students to soe oe id of polems that thy may ace .
However , ides and concepts ie people competitive edge in daling wth othr similar issues .
For example , once I do n't grp an idea tht my teacher have explained in ass , t just remembr facts .
When I do my homework , I in t problem is different than the cs discussed in e cls .
Whe , I go bk to my tetbook a try to relize ideas and cocpts .
I work out the problem easil .
Fo his experiene , I arn ha I do ot just remember fts , but try my best to understan idas and oncept .
thu , I a solve many kinds of proble simply .
Second , learning idas and coceps suport self - eduction grealy .
Consequently , yo can reah hg acaemi lels .
It is eas to know facts rom people aroud you .
However , lrning ideas n concepts need or inestigation n understanding many of t academic etbooks . .
Noways , there ar limited time for a teacher to ovr l point in a cerai subjet .
When , students catch te dea of n opi it will be easy to undetand all ssue related to it deeply .
or instance , wn I was in senior yer in hih schoo .
I took pysic clas .
It was massive materials on a specific sue , u I attempte my best to cach its oton ha mae me recgniz any nmentioned points .
In sum , absrbing ideas and fct is e mst effectiv strategy .
Not ny do stuet learn more in their studying , u also they help studens understanding many ats in u life better han ay other wys .
If ou ask me , o is te person who I admire the most ?
I wuld say you are talking bout my father .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three lanages , play several instruments , d the most mortant of a , he is a man of remrkabl pinciples .
Wen he was youngr , he worked to h government but he had to quit because of h orruption .
He always wanted to have his own busines , he use to say , if yu work r somebdy yu r pat of the rolem , u if you hre eople to work fr you , you a part of he soution , so if yu want to be succesful , be you own boss .
He travelled a o , he now Barclona , Lodn , ais , Stkholm , Miami n so mny places .
He aught me my basic Eglis , to paying enis , to play h guia , to dance , to sg an I n contne counting .
So , if I a n my ds , ben a little bit like him , the wo il be fnishe and I ould say I hav ben a goo athr just li him .
When I t to create in drms , the hme of h future the fis thn , which I have in min is new technology . in my opinon , hmes in t future hav to be diferen , this is conneted wi u society and development .
To egi with , I consider that an of homes , whic will be create in te ture must have robots .
A lot of them .
Thy re designed to ding all things elated to housewrk .
In general ouss could have on space , a lo of winow a lig everywhere .
n one of the most imporant thing f me , ew homes should fl in h sky .
In my opinion , inside they wll be looks still in t same way , maybe me technoogy onncted with n inventions .
One of the ms impressive solton il be swimmg pool in t k , near ar .
All in all , future houses ill be looki more ike arplne , nd es lk normal ome .
Tey will be moe ofortable and seful for our mmunity .
It was a sunny day an I was wi my frien at te bea .
Becas it as ur first da at lgarv , we dided to epore , a i moe of the aea .
We ickd up ur thing an start to walk .
Th ist thng to visit , acrding to th plane , was the lbufeira enter .
We fd a very cosy and traditional houses , the mrkt as very opulry , with a lot of people walking ound , nd e eple were vr ice to us .
The next pac as a restaurant near t bch .
Near the restaurant we saw a very strange hing .
We sw a by draing my fac , but I eve w tht by in my all life .
We deied to go tlkng th him .
He started being nevous when we questin whr he sa ta ir .
He sad that gi , tt he s drwing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever mt in his wle lfe .
He explain that he sa ht grl in the each .
Whe we saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinr with him .
Because I eve ear eautiul wors li at abut me , I acceped h invitation ithut hinkng .
When the night omes I wet to the retaurant tat he invited me to go .
I was dressing a sor d dss and a black shoes .
The o , Rube , was weing a sirt with a brown trousers .
The dinner was mazin .
ine th we ve een in touch and by now we are dating . I tnk this is extraordinary .
Rub is a very ct gy an I do nt wan to lose m nver .
When I was younger , I did n't like an sport .
I trid with swimmng , and I was ound tt so boring .
After th , I sign up into Kaate classes u I d n't like combat sports like hs .
Bt on ay , my sport techer gave me the opporunit to became a basketball player wt nine years o .
ine th a , basketball bcam as my favurite sport .
The main reasn which makes me lv it , maybe that 's the teawork , the feelig of uniy whn you 're in a big tm n he sound of the n when th ball goes into e bket , it mkes you go to the seven heaven .
Ta 's for ure .
ou ould like to beome a basktball player to ?
l right , I 'm going to giv you soe adice .
If I were you , I would remember always a ti of Michael Jodan . "
A player could win a game , but on a tea culd n championships " .
If you emembr tha , and understand it , you wll becom a gret basketball lyer .
I 'm sure .
Al of us are surronded of plastic , plastic is needd in ur eeryday life for a lot of thigs .
For is reason whe a wmn an her fmily decided to ve a whole monh without patic they d to chane trei ie style .
Nowadas thre re a lt of prducs which hv plastic or he are wrapped in lastc so it culd be difficlt to ie a wle month without it .
However this fmil belied tha if hey aried their oa , the would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
So they would help to stop a bit he problem f he UK 's recycling system .
This amiy as ta they had to cange thei iet too , becaus of sme of heir usual food .
Such us yoghors , biscuits , tc was wrape in plasic .
So I tin that from my poit of view it ould be difficult to follow ts life style uch more an a couple of months .
There r a lot of produc or food , which are eeded in our life , nd ty ar math with plastic .
Howvr I also ink that it 's mprtant to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some deas like ts could be goo to reduce te rubbish .
To u up I think tht it 's iportat to know that we shold recle plastic as wel as carton , glass , c .
In order to do n't waste energy .
So we can use e platic in a responsibl way bt we have to ow hat we should n't ollo this idea untl the extrem beause we need plasi .
Witness
Sitting her lon , si floo up on my litt balcony , wen I heard hos n sw boy rnning .
h first thing I thought s tha ther was a CONFLICT between somoe .
An hen , I sw somethin black no oving in the LANDSCAP of the woods .
I knew a boy s lying there and kn it s dead .
A 15-year - od o , the paprs said .
A Bunch of sirens , ops and pinning ligs were down there .
I watched il they DRAG him away , d hn everytin ot quiet agai as it ter was nobody , so I 'm sue h cops will ENFRE he guy who dd this .
I i n't se tem till ex mornig .
I 'm looking dwn at those woods .
A couple 's coin slow on Frnkstown with a il by h hand , had to be the boy 's bab sister .
They pass through Mason 's bar d stop exact net to he sot the by die .
How do they know .
Then the started to put d REARD lowes wer the boy died .
How do thes people find the st .
Could tey hear my old mind workin to guid hm , ea them a TREND hm an get up u tis amn wheelchair and tke them by the hnd .
But I was in POVERTY , so I coud no go and ke them .
h guy h kild tat y rall need to hav a NCENTVE to il i .
That was an unfai eat .
If ter was a machine that can go REVERSE in th time , I miht could sv hm .
B , unfortunatly , were no in the futue .
The other benei of livg abroad is an incredible personal experiences .
When ou me uniqe peopl wth amazig tories .
For example , you ay meet someone who has raelled nonstop for 20 ountrie a visited mt of he ountries on the plants .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to difrent was of viewing the wrld which a lter the res of yr life .In addition , it gives our children a muh etter undertaning of othe culture whe they attend international schools .
This resuts in it il cage their lives ad expnd their prospects in the futue .
Hllo Jo
Congratulations !
You 're ery luky because you ve free time to travel and work abroad .
I hope y have had a high score at te shool .
My cuntr , Span , a a ot of beautiul cities and plces to visit .
If you li mountan , yu could start yo travel on the North , a rion clled Asturias .
hee is a well - now mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You coud spend se ti wlking and visiting e region .
There ar goo meals an rinks : " fabd " ( wh beans ) a " sidra " ( it lok aple juice ) .
Nea the montain ( about 20 kilometres ) o cn fid beaches , but I recommn te beaches on the South , Adalusia .
Tre r ay kilometres of coast and there ar a lt of sites and pates to enjoy all the time .
If you come here on bruary , yo will enjoy a lot in Cadiz with th carnival .
If you ce on Sring , yo ae to isit Svile , ad u will enjoy the Eastr Week d the Fera week .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
Yu hv may rds , moorways , so you cn re a cr and ravel by yourself , wthut table - fixed times .
espite , if you dislike diving , yo can se pubi transprt : long istanc rins , buses , ec .
At the en , to look for a b , I ink th best option is Madrid , whic is te capital city , d there you wil ind a job easy .
I hope o enjoy your travel and e you soon .
Paco
Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm ik abot Football !
o jt a raly competitive game ; Football is a ful mx of art , creativity , dedication , hard wrk and tem cooperation .
Een if you are the best player in the whole world , you have always to ply for your team - or ele , be ready to be overcam by or fo !
When a er sklled player finds himsel in a hostile ork evionment ( with tlnted but sefish players w are n't committed to their " tem lay " ) he ends to lose performnce d lac good results in matches .
Sometimes , h real spetacle ds n't tk place in t fields , t in its surrounds !
Supporters of traditional cls can be ry pasonate .
sally , when fcing tough oppents or deisive matches , they tr the stadium in a real lag party in order to intimiate he adversaries ; olorng e enches with lag and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaic to expes their delht .
If someone ks me wat is e mst important thing to trt practicing ( or even fllowng ) ti terrfic sport , I 'd y it 's t passion in warig your clb 's jersey and te respect owads your adversaries ' .
ver country has got is wn histry .
o yrs of wa a difficult ituatons the histy was creating peope 's beliefs and convintions .
It was creaig a culture .
People were bulding new astle , alaes an churches .
Yes - churches .
I hink reigion mens a o fr peope- especially plih eople .
I ant to describe a story of te Monaster of Częstohowa .
Its a ciy in Poan srongl cnnecte with a dramatichistory of our coury .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
The icon , dpicting he other of Gd ith he Chris Chid , own as he Black Mdonna of Częstochowa was iported from Russia in 1384.An since then a lot of pilgrims as bn visiting that picue .
Some pole probably thin - there is not aything speil- sul picture .
u in e 17t cenur tee happened a miracle .
oish pple had to defend Częstochwa and rescue their coutyBut he polis resitance was smaller and mallr .
Immdiately te fighters of Sweden egn to sop attacking a hill .
Polis soldiers mnged to repulse em .
In 1656 olsh kng John II Csmir mde Lwów Oath .
He proised that the Madonna of Częstochowa will alwas be a polish queen .
I think it is a prect example of an important historcl place in my country .
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Częsochoa .
hn you ee a hld have u ever aked what are you able in ?
Or wer you sure abou yor faouite sport ?
Wat are he sprts you usually do ?
Bu , most of al , do ou enjoy te ?
Athletes e xtemely trong , probably they might fl in love with a sport at the first sght .
On one hnd we have the people ho lives on their port , on te other han there e ones who do ny sport , indifferenly , because it is jut a way to ls wigt or a wy to sped her re time .
Unfortutely , I have nt a favurite port , although I 'd lke to .
I jst go to the g wice a week to atted a course and I swear I have never sweated mo .
It is likel you wud have go mre lf - confidence if u hd worked harder duing a course .
So , for the ulucy ns ike me , my sggestion is If y d nt fall in love it any sport , you should y a curse ! Yu ll surey feel better ad ore relaxed after tha .
Places to enoy
h aim of his report is to gv advice about the best places o he yon people in my ho town .
Culturl viis
Tarragona is an inteestig a beautiful pae for sening your time .
You cn visit msums , roman monument n also he cathedral .
TArragona is er Barcelona .
It is an important city an thee r a lot of attractions .
You can go by tain , by b o maybe to rn a car .
Restauans and clubs
You should go to the restaurants locaed in h hbour of Tarragona .
All of them are based on t typical Meditrranan csine .
Miabe , Aquamar and Sirc ae the treny restaurants .
They re very comfortable and co and a oo price .
O coud go to clbbing in Tarragona bt if you travl in summer it is worh te efort go to Salou .
It 's a villa close to Tarragona .
AT night has a speial atmosphere .
Relax
The bs option to rela is to be lying on t beach .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
Conclusions and ecommendatios
Tarragna and surounings e a god place to vis a to know their culture .
Everybody cn be a ood teacher r younger peopl .
In my opinion , prents are h same and ey can be great teachrs fo thei children .
Seveal reasons can spport this ie , but I ry to focus on the mo imortant on .
Fit , Parents a a rea ource of expeience which cn be lpful in teaching .
Secondly , they av a clse relaionship wh hei hildren , which resus by feelngs a emotions .
These two reasons ay be nugh for every hil to cnsider is / h paren as valuable teachers .
As metined rlier , Experience is a prerequisite fr eey teacher .
In this respet , arnts have so mn thin to each to tei children .
They have faced with diffeent evnt in their lives an every event has had many lessns r them .
It does n't matter tha hy ve fied or gained ucces on thoe evets , h impotant hig is the experiences th have got from those ents .
In this point of ve , children c alay s heir parents to tac them some ne lesons frm the large source of infinite experiencs .
I yself , have fac with so many cases ht hepe me to ndestand he teaching ailiy of my parents .
Once I w 18 years old , I had to make an important dision about my university ajor .
So I just made a quick decisi based on se research on he internt and some pronal favorites a rorities .
I a hoing ta , my dcision was h right on , u it was n't actually . I had chosen electronic t my parents told me to av some more research and consutatios wih te graduates of different majors inuding electronic .
I di their recommendatin d I totally changed my ia .
here were some aspects that I was eally unware of te .
So by considering diferent ideas n pinions , finally I chse omputr engineerin as my uniersity major .
Now I am graduated in ths major an I am really satisied it that .
So , Prents ' experiences can ake them strong teachers fr teir chldrn .
Parents ' closenes to their hilren can be another reason that make them good teachers .
They are really ose to thr chilren in the terms of feelings a emotonl aters .
They have a stong familiarity abot favorites , skls , talents and all other valuable informain relatd to their chidren .
Rgrding hi informaion , he n teac teir children nd help hm to ke reasonable deiions .
I remember oc in hig chol I ad to make new frinds d I was dubious about my situation and it was a reat ilemma to hooe t st ones .
So I cae to my arens an asked their hep , thy presented the best recomendaions fr making the decison , tn I could ma t bs iends ha I can easily go lon wh .
I am raly satisfied by my parets as my indisputable teachers .
hey have eally saved my lives in iffrent cas .
So parens ca be the bt teachers rgarding their emotinal losenes to their chidren .
All in ll , parents are a grea soure of experince , hich c ep tem to be god teachers .
Also the hav so many close relationshis with heir children , which mas them a trstworhy characters as teahers .
I hope a da at all h children rely on their parents as their teachers .
what I ually do in my fre tm .
I raly ike reaing many kinds of boks , magine , etc.wn the weather is ba , I ov sitting in my favorite armchaire , near the fire place an reading .
I niy to her he rain while I am reading at hme ...
owheer I like very much waling t .
When te weather is good I often go out wi my friend for a walk in th cuntryside or do shopping .
I also love watching films at he ciema or on tv .
I prefer omedy and roanc , but I like triller and drama o .
At least I enioy to tae cae on my garden , hee thre are many flowerbeds wh a l of ids of flowes .
ar aua ,
I am glad to hear you and knw y have bought a w compte game .
Actuly I do n't ik very much the computer games , becaus in my opinion hy ar so bing!I al thin hse aes gt a sort of depedenc , lie h alcohol or e drugs , so thy can be ver dangerous !
I reall prefer doing oher kind of thigs on my compute , like to surf the Internet , to stuy Englsh , etc .
For examp I e my computer to prepare exerises or my student or to look for funny n sefu laboratry 's exriences of chemistry .
See yo soon .
Kisses .
Sara
A teribl holiday
st yea I dided to go on holiday wth my friends .
We like very much te sea , so we lookd to rent a little cottag on August at a ovely plce in Srdgna .
We arrived at he slad in he orning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to arrive at e hue wich we had nted .
Te cottage as really fine , wth a fanasti view of the beach .
I looked forward to go on e eac and to sim in that wonerful wather .
Bu th lucky was n't wt me !
In fact I was ill all the time and I only could look the se trugh he window of my ro !
Dear enny ,
I am always gad to recie your letter !
My favourite TV pogramme is Qark .
Ts is a documentary aut the scinc .
I ike wachin it because in hi prgrame I c g a l of inormaion .
Fr example I ca know bout the g ng , the origi of t uniere , it 's ascinaing !
I an alo loo about the astronomy , he fisic , the chemstry , the bology and many thr range of the science .
In this rograme I a hv informatio about he last scientific disovery and the
technological development .
In my oinon it is ne of the most interesting programme abu th science on TV .
A is .
Sara
What di u understand aot the b advetisement ?
Ts is a job aout all te information maeril on a cruse , and media manaer work with other maners on a crus .
vry day yo heave new ns abut crus , xcrsion , wather and an other information bout cruise .
If ou wan inormaion early mornng , we ell can get newspapers in your abin .
Media manger olow information on panel , change infomation depending on wether , rip nd many other informatin .
What happens if you change e route on a cruise ?
Y ca change a the information on a cruise nd inform passengers about t plan cange for he cruise .
To ae care of our bodies , we eat wll , exercise d make sur to get nough seep .
We lo have to take in min taking care of our environment , in oder to hae a hathy life .
In my town we roect h Environment Around us :
By recylin , by tyng to reduce the trasit , waking a cyclin , ta also impruves ur heth and fitness .
People fr ll eag must help to clean up the it d protect te wilife .
At chool , children had een tauhgt out how to do an apropitd e of the electric energy .
the are man people that ffred themseles as olunteers to clen t ci , ad had been very helpl to make h iy cleaner d more attracive .
The also a lot of lns for h fue , in order to start using electr cars .
T tle of one of the bes thriller movies I hv ever seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial kille , wh kil on behlf morality and ethics .
In partilar , h killr kills seven pple ec e corresponing to toe - tha accoding to te Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
ll the mrder show haracteistics reflecting a speific dedy i .
That provides , especially to ne of h to detctives who ar investigating about th crimes , a trace to follow in her invetigation .
In e movies ar some references to the Dant 's " Divina Commedia " Italian po as ell as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of bot a very exciting nd engaging plot , d great interpretation of he main chaacers - te serial killer and h t detecties .
To my mind , soppng hs ot believers ad opponents .
The fir one claim tha shopping is a big plasure ad fun .
Te second do n't ree wh them .
In my opinion shpping is o lwys enjoyble .
Many time hn I as on hopping , I a unhappy or disappointd fo diferet easons .
First of al , we can lk or even lv shoppig , bt n always we ae have enoh moey to buy items we want or ne .
It 's ce go throuh hop a tke lae it hands fll of bs .
Unfrtnately , we realize at home , that our wllet is mpy .
Ta mak us sad .
at is more , shopping may affect r mood or vn ody in a bad way .
Wh it come to bargain sale , on such eriod people strt to behave ke animas a rely think reasonable .
ey al very qickl , een r to get the last thing which is left on he sre .
The sometimes almost fight fr it .
It 's eally dangrou .
All in all , soppin in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often mks us feel hapy abt it .
Nevertheless , some people tret shopping too seriously and as a result become addicted to it .
To whom it ma coern .
Hi to everone ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eihten years hold .
I 'd like to present my application bcaue I thnk I 'm the right person th yo ar ooking for the job descrie in your advertismnt .
I speak both well English and French nd I 'll be fre all t summer until the en of October ecuse I 've ut finished High school .
Tre , over the ls two years , I 've be a Leader of a rou which a involved in the oanisation of Courses for young students with learning probems .
At the same tie I was one of the leader in h " Scouts " , so I 've learne a ot h to cme together wit people and to te care of hem .
I was in the school swimming team d I 've got the frst - a certificate .
I 'm hatolic and I play the guitar in he Church 's choir .
Each ears , in the summer hoday I 've woked in t " Summer ap " oranised in r neighboorhood both helping in the ktcens and oganisin spot nd variou activities or children bewee 6 and 13 ears hold .
Carfuly , ou Danil
In th wonderfu world of ooking that we iv where we have a o of prducts d chfs so god , I wod want to vsit an Italian restaurant becau I ove cheese nd I thik th Itay is the best place hre o can eat a diferent tyes of cheee in e world .
The perfect atmospere r me is a modern build that it has different rooms wi different styles : modr , classic , otc , e .
he I eat in a resauant I at o hings : peopl smoking and the high levl of voice of th peole .
Wherea , I love two tigs too : a friendly waitrss ith hr aditional black clothes and a light on my table ta make t igh more rmntic if you inner wh yr couple or more relaxed if you dinnr with our rind .
I think that an Italian returant is a get place o my las because there hey can oose between different fantatic dshs for example : pasta , zza , seafood or pork .
Besides , he can dik many ins .
Howevr , not all it is ok , a tp to Italy is so expensive a many clasmates ca n't go it .
I enjoyed the time ff from the University .
My tm ff from e Univrsity is significant to my persona development .
laning ca al take place outside t Uiverity campu .
As such , we develop throg interacting wi their environent .
While on hlidas fm t University .
I travelled to my country of birt where I was able to me my faily member , relative nd rieds .
I a able to inspire me members of my family to end their hildren to University .
I td my riends and famly members t importce of Universiy Educaton to our community .
I visitd many interesting laces i.e. atre reerve , histrial places , zoo , riers etc .
Al during this period , I was involved in a local community prject to bui cmunity hospital . while on is project , I iteract a shared das with other profssioals on the project .
While on th tm f from e University .
I oo a part - time employment ith th local housing coman .
This part - time job gie me t leaning oportunity to develop my kills and understand the practical aspect of my career .
Ths practical expriece ve me he pportuity to understand h imprtane of supervision .
I enjoyed e monetary alues of this job .
I earn some money to p my University fee and en fo hre months . I also received a very good rferece from he firm whic was passed on to e University .
Tey wld ie to off me anothr opportuniy for work placement on my fil ye at h University .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writin you a etter bcause I would like to work in you summer camp .
I ie in Mila with my paret bt I 'll mve to te USA bere te n of spring so I would lke to fin a job hee to mae some money .
My paents re both English nativ speaker u to earn mor aut t uture I studied languages at the univesity and n I 'm graduated in Englsh and Frenc so tis b is als an oppotuniy o me to mprove my Eglis in noter state ad not only it my parents and family .
In Itly I worked as a abysittr f a cope of months , I took care of 3 ids : 1 chil is 7 yers old a the others 2 children e both 11 years old and back then I h to coo for them lnc and dinner .
At the university I w part of h football team and we won the hampionhip ginst ne of e mt ahltic ootbal team in our coutry .
I hink I 'm an energetic pern , ta likes all the ypes of sports d activities but the ot important thi is that I lve kid d aying wh them maks me reall hpy .
I woud lke to take rt of yur stff so please let me nw if I can work wth ou !
Tank yu f your tme !
Bright fute for public transport
The conveience of trvelling by cars bnefits the majrties of us in a modern society .
It is eficient nd pivte .
C anufactres desperately seeking new technologies to improve h featurs of a car .
By making it more modern , powerfl nd economic , they have successfully attracted more customers ta eer .
In Canaa , th vehicls er capita is 60.7% in 20[1 ] .
There wa once an interest sayn that ort merica e e natins on wheels .
Car has brought h ep change to our lestyle .
We dend on ars so much as if thy a our spare pair of foot .
As reslt , th rapid increasing of cars on the rod brght negtve consequences .
Firsy , vehicle 's emissions can cause detriental fects on the envronmen in many as .
ch as global wrmin , soil and watr pollution and acid ran .
Secondly , vehicles contain mny different fluids , inludng motor l , antifreeze , gasline , air - conditioning refrigerants , a ake , transmission , hdrauli an windshield - wiper fluds .
In most cases , thse fluids e toxic to human a anials , a an pollute wateras if they ek from a vehcle or are disposed incorrectly .
In addition , traffc congesion s become another worsen roblem .
It spread massively in ch of te world and has ma negative ipact of all ascts .
In 01 , a ecurring msive traffic jam that appened in China augt worldwide media 's attention .
he rffic Ja slowed down thousands of vehiles for more than 100 kilometres and lase fo more than t days .
Many drivers ere able to ve their vhicle only 1 km per day , ad som drivers eported being stck in he traffic j for fe days .
It is conidered to be one of the lonest traffic jams by om edia .
On the ohr hand , modern public rnsport as been imprved prgressively in e pa decade .
ts comfortabl , effiient and ecoomic features have be attracting more yug professnal .
By akin a subway , you wil be able to guarantee yr arrivl time o a class or an important meeting ; In ome bi cities , public transpor plays a b role in a moden sociey . wh gea coverages and efficient routes ,
suby h bcme te most popular commute tool .
For instance , in e rk , the suway sstem conains 232 mies of routes .
In 20 , the suway delivrd oe 1.71 bllion ides , averaging approiately 5.5 ilion ris on weekdays.[2 ] Shaghai Metro system r 14 metr lnes and 32 stations , with an operating route length of 34 miles , with 2.5 billion ris delivered in 2013 .
On a nomal weekday ove 8 million people ue e Shaghi etro.[3 ]
In adition to the convenience of public ansport , t fa is muc cheaper compare of driving a ca .
Some professional copanie even offr thei employes free public transport ass as a benefit .
The public transpor in my city is very conveiet .
Even thoug ou sbay sstem is ill developing , h main ine ht pass through downton , several universities and popular ty spos is ery ppular and has bee many touri , students and professionls 's prior coic for commute .
Ter are some park and rde statons lowed a drirs to connect it the subway , It is very cnenient and enoraged more people to dive les .
If I have to g to somewhere on time in rus hour , I wl first consider the subway ovr dive a ca .
o - rienly awareness has posiively affected yong generations .
Taking sbwa to rk has bcome a tred n l the changes tat happning tody wil sue la a bright ftre to public transpor .
[ 1 ] Wikiedia , Mor Vehcle Per Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedi , New or City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanga Metro System
Da n ,
I know yo 're coming next week to Roe and I would be realy gd if you could come to se me .
I am going to explain how to e to my pac om he airprt .
Firt of al , on you rive you wi need to get the tri , which stop at Tiburtin .
Fro her tae the bs 45 and st at Piazza Ruban , I 'm do n't live very ar from there , it wi only ak a cupe of mintes .
So , fro Piazza Rubiani take the second on the rght hich Via Pisclla and stop at nber 27 .
Should you ave any rolems , just gve me a cl !
I ca n't wait to se y .
Love .
Adri
I thk it culd be a oo ea to r the restaurant " Te o cock " .
The restaurant is harmig nd fascnating , located in te old town 's center .
It 's an ancie brewery which keeps a particular atmosher .
e mu in not eally wi - this is god in my opinion , beause I 'm uit suspicious of the restaurants offering too many dishes ... he resarant rves fresh food oy , depending on te season 's product .
There is aso a good choice of food for vegetaians , so ik and A will hav not a problem to e .
The downside could be the waiting time to ea , because all the dses r prepaed at the tie of the custoers do th orer .
Bt it 's a guarantee for the liet : the food is gra idee !
Te location is informal ad he service is good , e owner n the waiters are riedly , yo fe at hom .
ou can listen li music or a DJ on Friday evnin , it 's really u !
ast but not lea , the price is gd , especially copare with te quality of fo and service .
As e concert finished , I her soeon ll my me .
A man put a mal enveope in my hand and wn away .
I opened it d I could se a ommn C D iide .
When I got om , I layed the CD on the CD player bu it raly was n't any sud !
At tat omet e phone started to rn , I pick it up ... u no on answeared me when I ask ' Who is that ? ' .
I s beginning to get ve nervous when someody Knocke te do .
I opeed it but hee s obody hre !
Suddenly a loud noise was head in h roo an I wo up .
I ws ling on te couch with a mystery novel in my ands!. It ad all been jst a nigtmare!.
All ovr te world , h umbr of oveweght people is gowng .
at to you fee re the main causes of this ?
hat re the effects ?
Obesi is on of h mos important chalnges of the current society due to he ft that people sufering fom it has been growing alarmingly .
Ths ssay wi ook at he se of h e causes and effects of ovrweight among people .
Firty , food habits suc as at food and sedentary lifestyle are some of h in caues of sge in eiht mong peole .
Fo instance , thee are many studis by various bode in the US hw th mr and moe teenagers are sening mst of teir te in ron of TV or computer playing deo gme , they hardly perfor any so of physical activity d also indulge in fa od .
This shows that fied or pakge food d complete lack of exerse a the chief reasons for increase in obest among oung people .
Secondly , bullying among tenaers a se in ert attacks are some of e main effects among eople who ae obese .
For xampl , it shoud be note that , recet stuies by WHO has rvealed th bese people are prone to blying ad tere is rse in number of cass of heart attacks among yng pople wih osity .
This example shos ht peple it obesy not oly suffer from bullyn ut also from ert attcks .
Having lokd at boh cause and effcts of ovrweigh ang popl , it is recomended that people te ca of aing hbis by reuing the intake of fast food and also tke tie o to exercise to led a health liestle for thr own bnefit .
Dar friend :
How are you thin ? I went to ur n shopping etre last week .
I spent a rally good me wt my boyriend , his place is outide the ci centre of Granada , in Spain .
I lked this shopping centr becaus it hs a lot of woen 's shops inside , e facilities a quite aracctive and very up - to - day , the green ons are wide an it is supplied with a lot of wooden benche .
I bough w kinds of lothes , casual clothes f every day and otfi r an ccasin to my cosin 's wddng h next month .
See y soon ¡
Bt regards
B
Peter looked at his wch and kw he hd to do something immediately .
He d been stuck in this blizrd or a o of te .
He did n't know wa to do , he tred to call someone , but the line did n't wo .
He was starting to g nervus , he w arriving ae to his sister 's wedding , it a probabl the et day of her life and he was n't tee with er .
When he firt hour had passed he ecided he would go wakin .
Whe he opend the door a cold wind whppe hi ard but he did n't cr bou it an ept goig .
he s wa cloudy , the temperatur a below zero , t wid made h t beig ale to wal and it 's now when he realized wy was her sister celebrating her wedding on ese date .
He gan to fel w an that was hn he noiced that it was raining heavily .
He oul n't belive it , but he could n't to walking he had to g to church .
ter opene the dor n verybod trned ound to wtc im .
He was wet , co , strvng and ousde he weather had worsened , the road as flooed and the cars could n't ps .
t Peter did o egrt having wake in he pourin ra , because he ha ben with his ster on h special day .
There are plenty of spot . sme cn be practic indoors , some utdoors and others in water .
r me , these ae h most incdible sports that anyone can prfor .
Swimig is on of the ms complete sprt because you use ery part of your body in rder to sustain n advce h wter .
T ideal is to start pracicing this por as hildrn , becaue t oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fea , but it is never oo late to learn to swim .
This sport cmbies the moemen of ms and legs with brathing , as coordnatio betwen hese aties is cruial .
mng h advantages of wiming we can highlght the follwng :
1 .
to delay gin , it incrass meoy nd he abiliy to move .
2 . burn more caorie , because in the wae , the muscls wo 5 ies more than on outside it .
3 .
Improving the respiratory sysem .
4 . Eliminate back pain n bones .
5 . Relax not nl he boy b also the mid , so that e tess decreases considerably .
If yo want to kw mor and learn to praice ts sport , we recmmend atendng a specilied school , there e mny od and nt so epnsive , where ou can count with the support of a ulified nstrucor who wil give you the confidence to start .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope yo a doing well .
As per u discusson arlier on t ervce Gie Sales communication , I would like to ask yu if ou aready hav started to prepare te background n sls communication materials for having these service guide and w to us them .
We ar aimin to deliver th Service Guide materls in We 25 to e marketin coleagus for translatin a localisation .
T contries will ave 6 weks to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
Following o communcation to the marketing community , ideally we should lo inform the sales mmunity ith t sles communication materials nd guidelns .
I propose to ave a meetin to discuss the process / timeline and align or communiation to e marketing and sale community .
Would y be avilable to met on Monday , ue 02 .
ookin orwad to hearing rm you .
Kd regards ,
The artce is dvotd to t characteristic of the obective apet of a crime , responsbiliy o which is povded by rt .
134 of the Ciminl Code of the Russian Fedration .
Vrios point of view are given concerning concepts of seul interouse , sodom , lesbianism .
On the basis of edica a lgal provisios as wel as jurispuence the autho formulates definitios of e mentined acton of seual haracter .
Also , h mperfection in ormulaion of specified aricle is sressd .
On t basis of ore weiged d reasonable approach the new etion of rt .
134 of the Ciminal Coe of t Russian Federaton is offeed .
Hi To ,
ou wecme , I 'll be very hapy to put o up . I'll sow u the marvellous vues which a situated in my hometown .
To coig to my accommation , firstly ou must ta te National Epres ' ach .
You mut find he u so on the side of the r park .
u us te te number 748 .
Secondly u 'll g off at the Gllera .
It 's a hoppig centre , wich is situated in Hatfield .
On t opposite side of Naiona exprs ' bs stop tee 's t us stop .
Yo hav to tch 2 bus up .
It brings ou directly to my subburn .
ou must get f at Lodon oad u tp .
Finally yu will fid my aprment near the bus stop .
This is the cheapest way to get to my hom that I know .
About e weathe focast r ne mont , I 'm afaid to el you tt the temperature mgt fal down .
I suggest having a coat .
If o ne further details how to arrive at my apartment write to me oon .
Take cae
Mauizio
Ter is no utur fo publ transport , becue travellng by ca is so much ore convnien .
As you do not have to it fr set ti table and follow ixed route .
You can go anywhere you wan and even durn e night whn h publc tansort is scarce or it cold be nsaf .
Driving you o c givs you mre freedom in traeling d icreases yr sense of indeendence .
However , a r is t always more economical to run because for example , you have to y road axe , insurance , ad mtor tests .
Not to mention the cobustibl .
Gneraly speaking , cars generates more pollution than any public transport .
The main eason of this , is hat cars use dieel or petrol , whereas rais use eletricity .
It is also importnt to ntion tat people who drives is own a os e ime rave on their own .
Finally , another advantg over priva cars is tha it reued the traffic caos .
To sm up , I think te utue in transpr is us startg up .
Fo 7t to 0th March me ad my schoolmates , and alo the 2 M , went to a trip to Sicily .
We stayed hr for 4 days a we vistd aormin , Sacusa , Agrignto , Marsala nd a ltle part of Trapani .
We fw rm ro Al Serio to Catania : to me was the irst time I took an air , and it as amazing , bu at the beinning I had a little bit of headache .
Wn we arrived in Cataia e b driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
Then we ent to Taormina a we viited a lo of thins : the Grek theatre , Corvaia place and th Sician ' pupi ' , Rman Oeon and a public garden ad other beuiful places .
hn we had lun d wet to ' Giardini Nos ' and we s e ecropoli .
In te eveng we we to Siracusa and we stayed in the ote ecause we wee tired .
The next morning we viite Siracusa and in t afternoon we ent to rtiia island where we hd a little b of free tm .
Fro Siracua we moved to Agrigento wher a lot of us sy in the hotel that ight .
In Garigento we aw the ' Vale De temp ' and a msum and in he afternoon we moed to ' ana Maia ei Grc ' .
We aw as Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsa . during e eening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we a a museum ad te we moved to rapani here we vsitd the saltwors .
Then we d re time r 1 hour , bu soon we h to go to e airport to take the air ad me back here .
It s an incredibl trip !
I have an unusual ca .
It looks ik regular cars ut has some advantages .
First of all , my ar as hh spe .
Second , it cn y .
Beides , my car is cosidrably powrfl tha ote means of transport .
It does o need a fel because tee ar diffent forces which ase the car in he air .
My transport is ue like th k .
Uin this transport I wi go to New Zeland the ustralia ad other countries .
I at to e troica animals , birds an meet wih ocl popuation .
Besides , I am ing to look migraion of the bigst animals of he word - whales .
Travelling by car is muc re onenient , as man people a , but publc tanport is much better for the nvironment .
Tere are now 8 billion people livin on r arth ad if everyone would ive a car , the moke old be so igh , that we could n't live re nymor .
Many peole ue pbli transport every day d I think this is good for our commuicaton , because we can talk to otr pople .
It is also oo o our enironment beaus thr is ust on bs r 80 pople .
her ould be ch mr exhaust if every person is diving a car .
Public transport wil ncreas in the futur , because every ear there are more trainstations , an more teets .
Te Wepng nge is a thriller full of hauting beauty nd intrigue .
It uraves in the modern Nw York among annyous office buildig and emt - ye crowds .
Th er finds al his friends disaear n by one .
Loking for tras of those he loved , he stumbles un a truth tha was hidden in ain sight .
Only by ookng in the eyes of the stone - cold danger cn he evad the disappearance himself .
He migh hve trked e nsters ino a ap , but uc creatures , almost too evil to be ral , cn never be stopped .
My favourite sort is swiming . I like it beaus it mke me fl fr , independent and happy .
It is an individual bt as team activity .
In my opinion it is one of he haltiest port tre e beacuse u an tain no only your bod ut you ca aso develop yur breath .
I do not practice swimming in compeition but lmot since I was 3 years old .
I lwys had rea coaches ho trained me accordig to my biity so that I di not go nve ove my limit .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tk mates .
During ese yers I have changed three times rond pools .
At th momet I am traning at the Turin Sspor nar Mirafor .
Is a pot quite tiring ut u a relax when he coc says it 's ie to take a rea .
If I had to ive advc to someone who wants sarting ths sport I would tl hm not to worry if he des n't ee confident .
If he was afrd of t water it is no recommended to practice this sport , or be al to bak own his ear would be a rat oa .
Al in all I uld recommnd to ayoe to py this ort .
It is a sport that priies ad regenerates you .
If we tal abou my faorite sort , basketball will be .
I love basketball , though I raly play basketball because it is har to fn a stadium to lay basketball in Thailand .
I like basketball because it is on of th eaest sport .
Let 's talk abot the advantages of paying basketball .
I think payig basketball hep me to be healthy .
If somene want to play some spor , bsketball is my firt advi .
It is an eas sport to pa f anyne ho ner play any sport before .
So , nebies can understand and know th rules easily .
These are the toy about basketball , my favourit sport .
It 's tru that ot man peole conide th members of heir amly their best friends .
Nther do I. owever , I have a curious opinion .
On the one hand , yr relatives a the peple o will be aways part of o .
Nobdy n leav a family as here wil be a bloody uion .
So , it would be a god choice to consid tm your friends .
It is more poible losing ontact with a fiend than wth the family .
Otherwise , it happens hat soeties u have an argument with a faily mmer and ou need to ak to a frien to be heered up .
If u talk to a frnd , who is also a member of your family , the siuation could turn out to be a ltle awkward .
All in l , how we ca see tee r many adantaes ad disadvantages of considering the embrs of ur famil your be riens .
From my pit of view , friendship is bed on the honesty .
What 's oe , nt only is yu best friend the person who nver les you , b also is the person wo is always by your side .
If a faily member was like that , it could tur into my best frend .
h houing situation o oug people in my country
Introucion :
The purpose of hi report is to evaluate he range of options available o ny twety - methings in order to choose their housing system in my country , as wl as the min obstaces they ac wt ea one .
Moreover , it wil also dscrbe t possible housing outoo in the net years d te consequences r yong people .
ho can aford a hose ?
Nowadays owning your own hose hs ecme an phill struggle unls you wer illing to p through the nose r it .
Due to te enrmos economic crisis that ave sakn Europe and tt ave intoxcaed the real - estat market , most of the rices re eye - wateri expensive o college students that want to suy broad or sply emanipat .
Even if they manage to save e moun of oney for a at it usually has no enough room to swing a ca .
In ddition the unilingness of the bas to led mey to nyon withut a stale j is sometng important to take into account .
If you an no afod it , then just rn it .
Alhoug renting is the irs oion for mo of e yut , ents alo d been affected for the housing bubble nd their prices have sot up t .
Then , aring the cots could be the soluton fr lots of students eyod ll he problems ht could arise from the communa living .
At leat you 'll lways he yor rents .
In order to save up for futue plans , a large mber of aly adult prefer to say unde t win of parents rathr than lapng in h dark an go out .
That could be end in constant arguments because of isse like inimac a so on .
What about the future ?
The future emins uncertn util the coomic situatin gets over .
As there are no ny signs or thi to ecom rl , oung people must wi to start their own lis .
My favourite spot is rning .
It kee me fit , be healthy d ull of energy .
When I rn I feel relaxed , I forgt l my trubes d stresses .
It refreshed me .
nce , I tok par in half - marathon .
At frst , I ould n't believe th I c do this .
t then I rovd to mself that everyting is possible .
In addition , I e nw friends hee , hey a ery clver an physcall trong .
They teach me h tchniqes of h to rn fstr .
I kee practicng with te uning around West Lake every turday .
After the race we ge around in the cfe , dik beer and have a nice conversation .
It was a great time .
My next goal is to participate in full - maraton .
Also runnin impros my willwer , becase I have to we up early in the moing d run , wihut fail .
I beme more orgnized , ad I anage to do or than I culd imagined .
I think everthing is possible when u re organized . You sart to build yur own timetabl , which mk your lie mor asy and effective .
It helps yo nt to waste your time .
I think it is e e to ucess .
We an lear ta a lt of successful peope are very organized .
In my opinion , spot plays a great ole in o life .
This company as the intentio of settng up oe training courses fr saf so I came up wth e ide of havin a course that concenrates on company morale .
I consider this corse as a pririty in order to get vry employee to feel motivated a invled in wat hs company ha to offer .
I tongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office envioment , becaus we yu like wat yo e doing and also where you doi it , yu will do it the best you c .
I recommend that everyone at is deprtment take the urse , that y we could ae h pereption of all te mployee and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it io profits .
Tis courses will last about a week n I ugest we onl take fm two to three hos p day so it os n't bcme tedious ad we can keep eryone ntersted .
In conclusion tis wil get veryne fee part of the ompany and have evyone 's opinins .
yesterday , I watched a science fictin movie clle ade rnnr .
h mov a first relaed in 1982 n direced by Rdly Sott wo is the directr of Alen .
Th story of blade runer is about a police officer ned dickard wh is working as a killer fr the os dagerous robots on ear which they clled h replicants , and they are dangrous on human .
The film events hapene in Los Angels in lae 2019 , there are 4 robt in the sty n each robot hs h wn character , d the most famous ad dangerous n is called bat , he is a very advnced robot an ha many slls and ailities .
Diard th poice officer klled three obot in the film , t at the n of th mve and before he tried to kill the last rbo , he discovered that baty a emotons and felings istea of h mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Taveling s an important role in our veyday life , we ed to get to work , schol , wnt to meet our friends .
Most of those ans would o be possible , if there ere not for ans of trnsport .
But which one , public trnsort or ou own car we wil be choong more ofen in uture ?
On the one han it is more convenient to he a r .
Owning vechicle is very omfortable and gives yo independence .
It enable o to go everywhere you wt no matter when .
u cn als stop caring aou w much you akig to wk ad on trip , being able to ie l tose thing iide of or trunk hie it is impossible in any other ean of transport ,
On te ohe hand , aving yu on c is expense and no evryne could afford it .
or those people thre is awas aother pton - public transport .
It is not nly cheae , but als savs you from uc roblem as lc of parking laces nd rdue trafic am .
Moreover , traveling by trains , trams or buses proucs ls exhut fmes and as a rsult sves zoe layer .
To sm up , traveling using public transpot is mo enefcial for both environment and travellers .
I am onviced , that in spite of cmfortable cr , ubli transport wl be constantly developing .
Hi Sar ,
thank for your nterest , u 're very kind !
Yes , I no , it s a difficult decision to ak , but I am too stressed ee , I need a break , so I decided to travel to ngland , the country I have eve wnted to visit but I 've never been here .
For this the first hink I 'd lie to do hen I 'll arrive is to visit the countr , I want to do this drig the first month , eve a I wn to enjoy mself visiting nw plac !
After I 'll need to make some mone , my pents will gve me some ut they wo n't be enog fo six months , so I must find a o !
I eed to k y r om he , ou 're e only person I kn h lie there , so the only one who can hlp me .
The first thing I mus as you is if yu could find a place hee I n ta , a motel or , eter , a shared house . I ow it 's a lot to s but old you sd me a contact of a copany at is looin for a part - ti staff ?
Thanks a l
I hope to see you soon !
ks , Goria .
Stem cel re undiffereniated bologcal cells that can differentiate into specialized cel and iide to produce me stem cels .
The an as trat or prvet a iseas or condition , and are us by th scientists in researchs , a by th doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use e se cells in orer to ve other peop 's lives , even if hy come from an abrte foetus .
There are a lot of pepl in thi world that re i ad need stem cel in her ealing process , so prents tt had an abroted etus should let the scientists an h doctors use h em cels in teir research , and elp other people .
Scenc nowadays developed a lo , ad gave th populaton a ot of possibilities like sorng te stem cells n usin em to heal the future health problm anyne coul have .
All in all , I uppose a lot of people disagree with this sujec because it is nt a god ide or them , b in my pinio it is a rally god ide to save thr peple 's ves by takig stem ell fom an bortd foetus .
ntrodution
T purpose of this report is to inform visitors of Leoerg about or shopping faciities .
Findings
en you cm to Lenberg yu will find many sefu shop .
The most popular reail stors are loted in o famous mall called Leo Center .
There you can fin almst anything you want fr cloth to electronics ad groceries to beauy products an flowers .
Furthermore , e pituresqu old ow of eonber ha a number of lvely mll corne sps were y can by lal ood and handmade prodcts .
en if yo are interested in more han ordinary shopping o will be stsfied in Leonerg .
We provide a big funitur ore , an extraordinary market grde , a wll - known home imprvement store , a also a lare bk reaier with proessionally trained shop asistant .
Recommendations
Depending on your personal iterest you should head r different quates of eoberg .
If you prefr to walk aoun an get a feelig or the town 's cultur , you soud go to one of oth hitori to cnter .
If u rater like faster shopng I suggst u isit our Leo Cetr .
In my opinin shopig is n aways enjoyable , especilly for mn .
We t women spen he ours in he shops , men mst go ih em .
It 's a suffering o every mn .
rst , thy have to spe the ma n wse tie witch ty could spen watching TV .
Shopping is no enjoyable as , wh we must buy omethin , in hi case we ca n't find what we wn , geeraly , pele do n't like te tins which ty have to do .
In th situation , we ar nere ad strs .
omeimes , yr shppin turn ot to be unsuccessful nd o are desprae becaus o wasted money .
t , if yo e woman and you ae lts of money and time you will be awas ontent uring t shoping .
If we ook ound us , we can see a ot of facliies .
If we think about them , we would realize th we ae uck beaue of te simple fact of ejoy tm .
The hav no always been he , and thy will nt be he for evr .
One of e moetous huan aims is to make etrna the life as much as it culd be posibe .
For this reaon , we a alway nvoved in the roect of improving the facilities for life , n o of the most important aspet of e proec is t home .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic evics sch as microwaves , emoe contols f tv , eletronic devie or ooking , personl comters , a so on and so forth .
Ea ne ae the everyday life a bit more eas , bu a real progress on hme woul be electronic devices that were connected to th mind .
This wold be my ' ome of future ' .
An inner eleconic sytem wld compose the ole hue ; it would include sml devce of wae reception connected , in every ie of hose , to a gum hdband whose functio wol be to idenif the neuronal stimuli d to convert them on radiowaves .
This headband woul be related to household chores sch that if you would need to washing dishe or to sweeping , you only may to think bot it and the robtzed system of th house woul send ordes to each part of he house itself .
This yste ould so be connected to the Internet in a ' dul otpt ot rmote of information ' .
Having exlained it , I am compltey ure that ths outine of my ' house of future ' will astonish and mave eveyoe wh red my sublime project .
Dar Paul ,
w a o ong ? I emember you wanted me to el y about my eperienc with helpin at a ocert I 've been to las month .
I am glad to tell you th it w wsome ad I op that I il be al to do someting like ht again . I am convinced tha it was one of te best days in my lf .
It al started en I apple fo bein a volunteer at ths ent .
I did n't think that I have any cnce to e there , cause of the big ount of rivals .
Bt I fotunately did it .
I attached to a oup of eopl who er responsble for informing publi about the programme an al th organisation stuff .
There er so man guest n I w afraid that it ll be o ard for me to do it right .
But my new rinds from this rup ee very olit n we worke togete , so it was mh easie , than I ought at frs .
After sme time I felt ad , because I realis ha I wo n't be albe to e the bend laying at te stage , becau I had to stay in frot of the enry .
But aftr the firs ong , when the auince started to sin nd dane , o maner came to us an told us that we an go se h concert .
I wa so xtemely hapy .
I ws hing a great time through the entir concert .
After hat we wet to h backstage a spent some time it the bd .
We took some pohos a got autographs .
It was realy col .
As ou can s , it was al really amazg .
I met a ot of fanastc peol and I am stil in touch wth the .
I ope that next tme u il be able to go with me .
ve , XY .
Tha as a mistake .
A BIG mistake .
ichal do n't kow anythig about lov and sweetness .
Lke veryne ls on his planet ... I thnk ?
Anyway , u kno wat ?
The only thn he knw when he came to Mandy 's hom a th : The world does n't turn around m .
He ce and the frst wr he said was :
- " Sh ! "
Ys , I know , no very smart .
But ts is ichael .
And Michael do n't ca what peple thi bout him .
And thi is the " Mandy momnt " .
- " at ? Wht 's gai wrg wth you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my aarment 's ey .
hre are these fucking basars keys ? ......
- ... You never change .
You alays do something wrong .
This is ou .
U .
Michael the i n , who an do everything in e ole damn rld , ecet ar of his keys , I ges ... "
I ink I 've neglected to eplain one thng to you ?
Michal was , at is mmet , ang .
Bt t anr lk you and me .
No no no .
Agry like a tigr , or ometing else w 's ad , nughy nd terrific .
Yeah .
d that a w ichael was at hi momnt .
- " What is your problem ?
- What ?
- I do n't rpeat myself a hir im : Wat is your problem ?
- I 've no prble with ou !
Y 're always like that .
Yo 're fucked up all the tm . "
He hit her .
Tat was all .
He taig his bag n he goes to h door .
Michael closed the door and kw at that moment he had made a istke .
Sexual Harassment
Have you ee been harassed by others ?
Their behavior may mae yo feel uncomfortle and disgusting .
If u hve or yo ae witnessed th beor .
You shoud know it is called sexua harassment .
Sexu harassment is somedy else ( maye strangers or mybe someone you are familiar with ) bul or force you sexually .
o a get ut physically and entlly from sexual harassnt .
Tdy , I will alk about e rblem of sexul harassment .
First , I will sow you what haens when sexual harassment occurs .
Secon , I will ll you how to deal wih exua harasmen .
L 's stt by watchin a vdeo .
( show vido )
Sexual hrassment ma our in a variety of ircumsances - in workplces , shool an ev you hoses .
The pepetrator harm the vitims by words or asaut .
Now ou know wht is sexual harasset .
Net I wll ell u ow to deal with it .
If yu re the ictim of sexual haasment or you are the witness , you should try to cal for help at frs .
Screaming , yelling … do se atons whih wi attract otes ' atetion .
u cn also prepare om wepos such as ppper sry , whistle or electric baton , us in case .
Many people hestte to tell ters about the incident because they think it is embarrassed to tell others about this .
e , you should tell someone yo an rus .
And then tey ca hl you to solve th probm .
I have explained tw mportnt aspects about sexal harassment .
irst , I hoed y at is exual harassmnt .
Seod , I el you wht you can do to deal with it .
In concluso , sexual harassment may happen anywhere anyie by anyone .
Be alrt and do soe precautio to prtec yourself .
If you are involved , do n be afraid to ell the truth and l others help y to da with it .
e 's say no to sexual arassment !
A grt place to eat is in " The Rivera " .
This resaurant it is near the riverside of Zarte .
First , you have a variety menu n h service in tis lace it is wnderfu .
Yo bei with a
great starter and en you finish it , the bring u he barbaued meet .
Then the main course is the babaued meet that is very tende n asty .
The meet is not salty as
other restarants , and they let you e te moun of mai cures as yu wish r he same price .
Is a packge tha includes t Stare , mn course nd e desert .
Diks re apart of the pckage .
On the othe ha , the atmospere of the place is excellent .
Rivera is a friendly n lely pace
wt an mazing riveside view that makes you relax nd fell comfortbl .
To sum up , I ill recmmend this place if yo wnt to pass a gat time and eat as your last day
Traelling by car is mch more conenient than ing pubic transport f vrous bvius reass .
But , considrig the increase in private vehicles in our crwdl populated wld , it is recommnded by geologists and c - scientiss that we e public transportion .
By this way , we nt only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing h national revenue .
Wh mobile phones he conquere r palms , we ha no time to ven meet our parents and chldrn .
u nteraction wi human beings have pateticlly reduced .
Exanging greetings , expresng motins , udatng work status , ming , studying nd more av become activiti we do using mobile phnes .
Cas e mosly used by pope travlling o lng disancs in hortr tm .
Insid cites and for shrter distances , nothin can be more comfortable and safe hn pblic transpor .
Using public transport no only hlp us rec or destination safely , b also gve us ample opportunities to network and be with o pope .
They are afer , cheaper and faster .
ven if cars outnmber user , public tnsport wil continue to help and uport us in a safe and a eathy livig .
Fr centuries the population of the world has been dremt of commuting anywhere comfrtably by r .
How any of us stand fro ur bed already exhausted fom e only thought of ettin io a public transport ?
It was thinking about this ajo problem that , h governments fro around e word has lached the greatest and ambitius la .
To star with ars re ing to be md by using the high tecnology at lower cost , thefore affordable to all .
City development is already under cotruction .
Ne motorwy , stree , prkig are not longer t on e council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality tranformin the wol landscape .
Could we ver thin of such ream comng true ? l ts is beynd my imaginatio and understading , whereas the use of w technologes could be used to ive t world a much better halthy environment and less egocntric .
Dea Jo
I am very interese in to strt a pet - care frnchise becaue I like pets an I think all these servics would be ver helpful for a lo of popl in my country oo .
n u tell me more aout the possibilities of tkig out a Pepls franchise in my country .
I would lk to know with o many initi investment I ha to calculae ?
H many hrs do yu work in tis busies and he r te working urs ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
noter thing I wold like to kn is how much unover / profit an I expect in h frs yr ?
In yor article you wte from a education cener ih assistance r ew franchsees .
Which training do you offer ?
n you send me an fer ?
Thank you vey uch r you hlp .
Yur sinceel
Isabel
In the fure our live ill be much ore dfficul beause we 'll struggle r verthing alone .
We have tartd to struggle ale .
We'll gt lonely mre and moe and aso selfish , too .
No oe ill elp ach other .
Everyoe il get help fr the machins or tchnological item .
Technology will be our bs rends .
espie this o appearane will cange .r fasio il be more techniqu .
I ca n't imagne what thigs we might e in the utre .
Pill ?
Jst r aing ie ?
Because we wo n't ae tim to eat delicious food ad drink an exquisite wine and have a ht with a frend .
Wht about the relatioshp ?
Wel , I do n't tin that we will build a loe relationship with ayone n building a famiy wl be even worse .
The fmily igt exis on aper b not in rea eause ech mmer in the faily will be busy an they will ust en some massees from h high tecnlogy phones ty 'll av at tt time .
I kno , it sounds borng n esimistic but if we wo n't chang our mid iedately , the ture is going to be li that , for sure .
This bar chr dpics an aveag of nowledge on reading nd iting f feal and mae on s differet regions in 2000 .
From an overall perspective it is notbl a hihe amount of illiterate women in l h regions comare wh men , who a in sme cases te half part of the tot of oen in each rgion .
Developed countrie , Lat America and Et As are the three regio that depict a low percentage of illiterte people , xpreed belw 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab Saes d South ia are aove 30% of people w do not know ea n wie .
Developed countries figres are the lowest , beig most at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rs extremely , reacing almost a 60% in the case of female geer and oertaking the 30% in the male gend .
As we can see , an uneual prcentage are shown deendig on the area where the pepl oe from .
Buenos Aires is a it made for tourists , vsitors can do so ny atiities in a small rdio of the iy , danc ang , eat aditional meet or ist a beautiful libray a some of em .
Furthermore there are mny places ere touris can buy mny thngs , sh as a typical mate or a picture fom the obelisco porteño .
But if visitors wn sometig oe hn a typical souvenir , they c visit canteens or a bar wee ar s tago shws and take th w pictures or even buy a CD with th traditional uic rm Bueos Aes .
There a als plac where peolpe an uy the typicl clothes , ak dresses for wmen or a ' tango h ' f man .
en if you nt just go shpping for clothes , there re so mny places whr you an go , alero is known as a lttle Nw York fo the disignrs a wl know mak , and tehnology is st on Reclta .
So , Buns Aies , also kno as the Pai from America , gives l visitor the opportuniy for meeng Argentinian tradito in nly one city tht involes the histr n the culture of the country .
Pontevedra in s way to become a green town .
Pontevedra has een one of the mot polluted twns fo Galiia for many years .
We had two actorie nd a reat amon of rafic problems .
We dd not ven knew wat to do with our garbage .
Finally , we polluted our rives .
First of l , e me el you ther has been a get change in pople 's minds .
We thougt the facoris were good because hy alloed a gat amount of peope to wok there .
Ltr , we raized e factories could be moved elewher .
We started to appciate the advantags of walking .
Last but not lat , we also became proud of r beautiful rivers .
When t ne mayor arrived , he decide to move te traffic awa from the cy centre .
At the beginning , th w a uch controversial decsio .
Later , he also orered to cean ur wet zones to .
Finally , he has champied ving Celusas factory to a safer pae .
Pontevedra is going reener .
We have suffered lie every other ity these oug yers .
Nevertheless , our passon is still strong .
We wan to mo away h last actry from the rive .
Althoug we have made great strides , there a still a lot of things to do .
In any countries , it 's consider tha the relatives are t close family and the nly peopl ith an individual can be just the y he is .
Tis point of iw is based on , for xaple , that you shares an important bond th your family or that you ow eveyting abot some membs , like you cousins an the kno veryting about o .
Maybe , most of us ha spent our childhood with our cusns n he re our best friends fr ge .
Siblings are another strong point to suppr tis statement .
It 's usual to hear that this nd of bond is the strongest nside a amil , bcaue everybody thins tha siling are he ly es hm o coud ly on , esite not alwas it 's true .
I should talk in the thd peron because I do n't have a rother or isters , u a close cousins .
In my case , thi role is payed by them .
On th ter hand , we c id arguments against his tatement .
For exaple , the debate aot t statement that ou a not choose yur family , but you riend .
Thus , it fits perfect r tose people ho hv a bad relation with thi amilies .
Th ve to ok r h needs provided by the family in other pele wi whom they an tus .
In conclusn , fro my pint of vw , it 's tre that is less pobable to ind negative feelings insie amiy , like ey , refus or ate .
So , if o te a scret to yr sister or yr cousin , it 's almost bvious hat tey re n't going to read it .
Even , if yo loo or a god advice , om memer of our family could ep you fm the eat .
u , family no always guarantees these functions neither friends .
Howve , frends can be as a family and fulfil all tis unctios , o .
Therefre , I only would like to remk tat family not means elatves , u thoe people with hm yu c feel as at hom .
That is , in an lace suddnly ou can find someone w coud beome in our ms close relaiv .
I decided to tak on las of Liceo Oberdan to isi a Miramre hrbor reserve .
It is a lovely place o fa from or cool , and I hin it 's iteesting in i ntral haita .
I decided to do ths , in accoding to te biology teacher .
urng th yr she had explaine the arbor world , in prtcular e world of Miramare , n I describe th same thig under e geography aspects .
I was js a b worried becase in ti lass the are 28 studnts , but tey are ery respectul n cleer .
We tok the lcal us n we arive at ten in ths place .
He we found so very xpert gies who tes us in a good touin along he park and he arbo rserv .
Eve students wer ierested in th informaion and ey sked a lot of expaations .
In hs day the students ha the ppportnity to har ver interestng thigs , bu n as they were in a class during a traditional frontal leson .
ey a imroved hei kowledge making experien in the field .
I hik that the students will not orget ve soon what tey have earnd .
In recent yar , heher usg iterne is beneficial or o has never faild to atrat people 's ttention .
While an people believe hat interet bings a vt amount of probem uh as reduction of neraction betwen people a some d informaio esoures ; in contst , I have a strong position tha intenet brigs mayfold benefit than rawback .
Pople shld irst recognize that searcing information these ds is much more convenient ha in t ps .
We mst ce to ibrar to pay a o of ime finding informatin we ed on the shelves he earlier tme .
On the other had , we can asss the infomation with only a ick uttn nowaays .
Clearly , te assessment becm mch more eficiently with computer and internet .
et , prhas e strongest argument in for of usin internet is tt the vas amount of information contended in it .
All th informaio in the world ca emrge immediately fte a click .
Admittedly , oe knwedge is n accurte ad logical enough , it sill ffer us many thr useful sours .
Simultaneousy , some sources contended pornography d violet information whic make many peoe araid of using intrne to earh infomation .
Nevertheless , it remains a oo way to resrve an supply information which hoped to have more lows in te ftue .
I think , one of the important historial place in Jpan is he Kiyomzu teple in Kyoto .
It is wl - known wth a gra eatiful Buddhist temple in Jpn and it 's also famous among oreigner .
Kiyomizu templ w built in the mdle of o ea .
It hs fv stairs and one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
Pople n se a great Japanese view from tre .
It is a rat and famous sightseeng plc and it also is an important plce of Japanese culure .
iyomiu templ a se many time as a background of a lt of Jpnese oels , paints and hstorcal dramas .
Artts think te tp of h temple is go or making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or pant .
so , the emple ecame a Japanee proverb which is " feel lie falin fo t op of yomizu " .
It means " vry scared a ervos " because th tmle is very tall and it makes eope suc a feeing .
Der Mr Brown ,
I am seding yo useul informatin about places of intees in Katowice , whi ou an how to our group .
I wld recommend oe of the mos appealing scope , which is situated in realy attractiv pt of my city .
Starting ith The Ble Palc y can vsi some othe ol buildins .
Hi !
How are o ?
Last wekend Frn celebrated i birhdy in his contryhouse .
He invited all of i frnds .
Many peope ere playn in a swimming ol whe I arived , n ote peope we eating Mexican fo .
Everything ws perfect d t weather was ht .
Ne week I am gong to preare a smilar party for my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimming pool bt it will have a bareue .
u r invied of cuse .
Dear Sir or Mada
I am riting in response to your advertisement which I wa pubishe in e lal newspaper .
I uld ke to aply o a job at summer camp .
Currently I study Compute Science at am Mickiewicz Uivesity in Poza .
I am energetic , reatie and reliable person .
I ve an experienc of working it childre .
I workd at at nursey schol in Lonon lt summer , wh led to improval of my English skils .
There I earne o to work with yong children .
I am as very reative rson , so I will not have any problem it organising activities and competitis for childre . I am reliae pers a I can wrk uner pressure of tie .
In addition , I am ued to hard working , so I can ao help in the kihen .
I am willing to learn ne skills and eveop urent , so I ill surely be suitable candidate o ts jb .
I am eclsing my CV , where you can fi more details abut my experience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yors faithfuly
Pior Sobczk
ar Director ;
Hello , I w the job ppication for h smmer camp and I 'm really interested on woking ith yo .
In the pas , I ave done my summr cps for kids in etween 5 an 9 years old , so I alrady have a lot of experience in ths ind of j .
I am conscious of the essential elements yu ne to be familiarized with he it ome to reat kids , sc as , patience Charisma , kindes , empathy , etc ; n I wuld be delighted to be at of yo team .
I realy hpe yu consider me as a good pton for the j .
I 'll be appy to receiv ur aswer .
Sincerely ,
Regia
Hi Shnon !
It 's ic to har bot you , as soon as u arrived there are some scur otions to y .
First of all , you can u a tai and give h address you have to the driver , hi is an xpenive ( t eay ) opton .
On the ther hd you av the public erice called Metrobus , in this cae you wll p off the bus a few imes , when o arriv you must id the A - lne , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , hn go to the delta statin and wk to he # 76 of crone avue .
If you lv the extreme tvels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's eas becase her is a ation in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Géno station ( it 's iportat to say that in the airport yo ave access of each o of th options )
If I were yo I wou choose the suway ecuse wearher in Mexio is to t , so , I tik y do n't want to feel e n afer your bred tip .
If u need re informton about it , please call me when yu arrve .
Bet wishes .
Omar .
In the last t years , Brzil ha reated a wide range of governamental pogrames .
Educational a medal assstace , as wl as infraestructure improements re some of the recent advancement .
One of e be example in ducaton has been a scholarship progamme called cience Withou orers .
It offers stuent a uiqe oppotnity to study abroad aquiring an international stanrd qualifiction .
In addtion to tis , it provides them wih access to the newest rsearch dveloments .
As a cosequene of this investment , t state is contrbuting to te iprovement in the career of Brazilian professional .
On he other hand a problem could stem from the ac of incenives to the nationwde educational instiution .
This problem would be the low level of h national duction .
Therefore , in order to void iving rise to ay furher compliations , rzilian authorities should ear in mind h development of bo , natonl and international programmes .
As a result , the qulity woul be uarateed .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am wring because I recetl s your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I am haig sme fe months and I wnt to gain so mney .
I am studying Cil Engineering an I am a very eergeic person , n I think that this bilit is essential for the job that u are searhing .
Other iportan pect it 's that I am a god orgaizer an I am a good team worker .
Another imporant rean is ta I nt to ae somequiinge money or personal things .
r all the reason that I describe to yu , I am sre that tis summe ood woud be goo fr me , and for e Summer Camp .
I thik that it is a rely goo oton to chieve experience ad fr oing different an ntresting things , like organise sprt acivities , and funy civities r children .
I eave he my personl contact information and wait or a positive answr from us .
Yours sincerely ,
Selene orrs .
Tpic : A rrible Nightme
At the evening , my classmate phoned me n sid , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it is a orror moie .
hn I wtched ntl the mddle of the fil , it is scary .
But I could n't fnd th remote cotrol , I coud n't swich off th TV and I watched te wle fl .
I nt to bed a sleep .
A ile ate , I disvered I was in a uge l musem .
Tere were a lt of ancient hins such as clok , cars , weapo .
Then , sme skeletons nd dead people cam out ad chsed me .
Fortunaely , I got an old achie gun .
And shoot all own .
But I el to a grave .
her was very dark .
I scremed my lungs out .
I wk up in surprise .
At ls , my mother comforted me ad gave me a glss of warm ilk .
She ld me nt to watch horror movie agai .
ear all ,
I found ur advrtisment in the newspaper and I am vey interested in working in ur summer cams .
I think I am the right perso r you .
My ne is Misa and I am 25 years ol .
I am studying he Czech Agiulture Uivesity for the st year .
For seerl times I ha already been on the imilar positin on a cm nd looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
I uually layed aes with them a talk to th f te whole ays .
In e evenings we played pecial ames which we usualy d not payed before yet .
Becus I want to mrove my language skls I wan to go it you on a cap .
I heard tht the hldren hic attend or cms are from a over t world .
My biget rea is to pak French fluently .
I am a very god har worker an I do not ha an poblem with workig in ithens and peparng the mels for he chlren and my collagues .
I am looking oward to your reply .
Kind regard .
Plan
1 ) tell to Alison that I 'm gld to elp her .
2 ) expln which dihes Italians sualy a wt time of the y .
3 ) cnclusion
Hi Alison , of ourse I 'll help you .
I think it 's vr nteesting disver how foreign people usually eat .
It is another way to icover on culture .
Italians to start e dy generlly they have a strog cofee nd om biscuit or sld bread .
It 's typical eating pasta as a trter at lunch .
Which is oked in fferent ws .
It is common hving meat as a min course .
To finish he lnc in Italy we ea rut .
In my cuntry we have a dinner le as a hbt .
It 's more common et pizza .
We have it as take away or we go in some pizzeria .
I hpe tis information can be useul for u .
Take ar
Murzio
Abot me
ello !
My nam is Teodr Forbrg nd I am 13 yas ld .
I li in Stocksund with my mm Anna - Kin an in Djurshm ih my dad Luks and my ttle brother Jonathan .
In my pare te I ik to pay hockey and be with frieds .
I py hockey alst every dy and I lv it . I started to la hockey when I was nine and a half so I wa not as good as everybody else ut tha did no stop me .
I starte to play hockey when I as nine d a half so I as o as gd as everybody else t that di t stp me .
I have played a lot of her sprs ike Karate , Soccer , nnis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my coe friends that I wen in ocksund skon n that I played okey with went to Samskolan but tat is a ltle bit too far aw so I decidd to go to Fribera instead .
I rally like the school and it is goig good so far .
I have alwas ben ealy good at Englis .
An I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shws on nlish
The thing I li th mot bout mself is probaby my hair , legs , mut and hands .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Hav you ver been worried when yo do n't have enough time to study in e day ?
Or mybe yo do n't have a study plan ha wors ?
Well he , her are soe advice or ideas tht have worked for me .
irt of a , make a to - do list of ll your activities and routines .
That 's the as par .
Do n't foret to recoise the most activitie and tks for you .
It 's ver imprtant , because if you do n't do that , so it 'll never wr .
You he to ut a me to do your task .
For instne , when y say at university clas or omething li that , you should emember how uh im o hv to do it .
Finally , it depend on hat works fo you , bcaus you have to be constnty remembering the ie that you do your tsks .
It ws late iht a Michael went surrounded ith deep dark to the edge of the forest .
Te visibility was very poo because te moon s hiding bhid dr grey shadows , but Michael en on the memory .
Suddenly , a thuldown otage merged fom h rkness .
Michael up tw little steps n heard wail of the win .
Bt it a n't the wind .
Someone wa ingin a sad song .
He fel a range and a far of discloure . " Why is she sngig ?
Is she ma ?
Te Nzis can be verywhere , " he houht d uocked the oo with a lttle ky .
" Stop ih the sngng !
" he whispered , " somene can hear it . "
The he cam dow and took a little acke u of his pocket and put it on t floor .
There er two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
He was staving more then ver inc he had hdden a yng Jewish woman .
On the her hand , e was related to him by ood and how cul he sid No ! when she came ad bagged im fo help .
he said noting and made herself nvisibl .
He entered decided ta he wll stay over he nigh .
Mchae closed th doo nd knew at that oment he had made a mistake .
well since my chillhood I always love eapons , my athe gae me my first rfle when I was 7 , but it as ntil I was 15 whe I found my rl passion , and it as he archery , sice hat y I am proud to y that I am an acher , nd that t acery is my fvorte spot .
I ju love when you tak ur bow d prepare to shoo an arrow , and before shooting it ou re par of th bw , and ou feel that the bw is a pt of your body , atr ta , whn you shot th arrow you e able to see t cue tat it mks before hitting the target , I wud say ths is hy I lov ti pot nd y I enjoy it so much .
if I uld ha t opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell h to do o give up , ecase thi ai nt an as ort , ad that is mor etal than phsicl
I hnk that y mae a great chice by visiting Timisoara .
One of the most eautifl place that y can viit in this to is e Latin - Catholic - D , located in Unirii Square .
I shou preent a lile bit of hsory of it .
After mo an seve hundred years , in 133 , the ltin - ctolic bishops resience was mvd rom Cenad to imsoara , were the first atedral beca t hurh of jesuists mons .
The design of the atua Dom was realzed in baroque stye of Vienna .
The cthedral hs height of 55 m. Te Dom as rse at rnk of first church of Timisoara by te empress Maria Tereza in 1756.Wh is vry interesting to see is a painng ade by Micelanglo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe ridg and figtng wh th basilsk .
The vistors rogamme is fro Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to s p.m. And a phon number where y can cll for more informati is 0040212345678 .
EOPL LIVES WL CHANGE DRAMACALLY IN THE NT 50 YEAR .
This essay discusses te advantages and disadvantages that we wl fin te next 50 yea .
It will coider ome relevant item which ll be completely chaged in h futr , as well as arguing and explaining th pros a cons of everything .
First of all , one of the bigest changes in a meum term will be the transprt .
Rds trnsprt will i way as you know it nowadays .
Instead of it , imaginary road etwor will be uil in our air spac .
Furthermre , environment will sfer te terrle effects of curent lifestyle .
Conseuently , proteted cthes , hic ll be made wih materils and NASA technooy , ill be wor by uture population .
hi wil be so because of the pollution , he radiation exisent an th ncease of global warning .
On the other hd , t benefits of heath will be ipotant .
In fact , he development of dfferen vaccines wuld be psible to get ovr a great da of disases .
To m up , it is vtal that nowadays thinking of our future .
If we develop or differnt knowledge areas , we wil achieve a better world .
It is igh time we changed our lifestyle .
My dol wa , is and ll alws be Jusin Biebe .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos , I did n't wrte his st nam correctly n I could n't id him on ouTube .
It strted when I was 12 or 13 years old , s musi meant evrything to me .
He as aways talking about follow your dreams and nver gve up .
In 21 I met a couple ro One Directio cale Larry Stylinson b thy ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
I dire em because no matter hat thei mnaers make tem go through , they alway fid the a to show us how muh thy loe each ther nd how much ty want to be free .
I really ope this " hias " , this is h they clle thir break , they can be happy and end time together wihut fake girlfriends , managers or th media around the .
I want th to be hap .
nyway , talking abot Justin agan , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year ad no o n dny ht .
Famous people live completely in a diferet way tha unpopular peole .
It is believed the ae exraorinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we s their in magazines ad TV .
Eeybody long to be a well - known and dmird perso leading ch and arefre le .
Unfrunately , tuly it is n't so amzng le it seems to be .
There are a lt of disadvantages of being a sar , of itc norml people do n't ralied r eamle not having a private if .
hee are a o of various viewpints ad I would like to cnsider he .
Famous people haven't go rivae life .
Almost every the mystery come ut a they are still dged , criticisd or jke .
Jornalist an paaazzi constantly follow them and try to atch them in a tupd situatin d enhance ath he cost of them .
Everybody makes mitaks , but hir mistakes a wtitten and kon by the society , ha is unfair ad harmful .
Ty deserve to av a nral life , have myseries , a moment of peac without interet roun the .
ein al the time in a centre of attenon is incediby overwhelming .
It can ed to big ouhy and gloomy .
That is why a lot of i name ufer fr epression or eve y take their life .
On the other se , thr is a pce of celebrity d ty should jt reconcile theselve to ths .
They got so o cmpared it unpoplar people , tht 's why I think it would be unair , if te ave also pivae lfe .
Peoe can nt hv everything nd live like tey want .
hy ought to apprecite ha they hav nd top complaining aboou hir ife , because hre is leny of peopl , wo dram to be he .
Famous pople have to consider how many humans suffer ro famie or wrk very hard to earn the living .
he ae nt got expensve cars , deached hses , he ca n't afford travelling and thei oy entertainment is watchig TV .
The should remmbe the are lucy devils not like tey often think - victim .
To sum up , It is hr to simply claim , that famous people deserve ave a private le and bein ef aloe by aarazzi or no .
Everyone from time to time need a momnt of pace to relaxed ad recover teir srengt .
Howeve , nobo has everything hy dreame ; it is normal , at always in our lvs something ould be ann us .
Famous peope ve to nice , w mch ty hae , apprecciate it and tp mplaining about ot having a private life , becuse it is not such a disaster like th often think .
Da by day , e poer of cnsumption icreases ore a more and one of he areas you c realize thi is in th traffic .
People w hve facilities to uy or finace sothing and loong o coneience , have a grt desire to buy a car .
he a quality of pblic transportation and the ac of options ike underound n trn , lps people choos to use a r .
hese things aes we think if h pubc tansport has a future , after l to do ll the higs ou need in our routin ie to go to work , to go sopping or js to go o wth he famly , is or comfortle by car than by b .
Cars noadys ha technology that llow both driver d passenrs to have a better travel while listening to a mui or use the internet without having to spend hous standing durin th joney .
The goenment nee to invest in btter conditons of the public transport , wit more optios to e transportion of citizens , in orer to make it esie to go frm a plac to another , a rdest the dcision to choose betwn r or b .
Everything has two side a the choic of transportation is nt an ception .
People hav ben debted about wether private a or public trnsport is th ist chce in recent yas .
While reasos an be gien to utify e lattr , I am in favour of e frmer .
irsty , travelling by tin , etro or u can lead to he reduction of gasoline consumption .
As a result , they ofer ow fee and play an imporan role in te enirnment protection .
It a reported that or on undre kilometes runing , eh r was consmed ten to thirteen lters of gasoli , and released a certi proprtin of ir polutted .
Meanwile , ih the sae amount of energy , bus carried fifties of peole , a even up to as ih as hunreds of pople with the massed transportatin .
Secondly , it ould not be denied tht travelng by r is convenient , however people wo greed with te idea oin ut tat high quality and modern public tanport ch as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in urpe ae uch more comfortale .
Trans or MRs
can aso satisf passengers who coud o travel by ple and require to ake lng hau joueys .
There are some places in deelping contrie , for example in emote or highland areas , people ve n seen a c or many years , they hae no choice cept od buses to trve .
In cncluson , public transprtation is stl he rst coie of people in the future .
Nowadays higher educion becoe more ad more ecessary fr startin a gd career .
e 's cosider the attitudes to educaon and stuy in Russia and ustrala .
There re some imilarities ; however , diffrences in he educational system cause ifferences in the attitudes to ducatin .
Uiversity education is valuae in Australia , jus lke in Rusia .
In genra os of eployers pfer applicants which achieved an cademc degr .
Ti attitude is quite simar in ma countries .
During our lst English lesson we talked about t future or plic transor .
It a t an ea task to fiure ou if there is a ftue or nt .
e most important argument was that travelling by r is muc mo convenient .
h act at o cn travel anyhere at any tim is undeniale .
If yu ant to uy sm vegetales fo yr dinner u will av to wa uni the next train arrivs at your station .
Due to the ct tat our iestyle is getting fter , nobdy will hve the time .
So in te nar future thee will be no longer a ue for blic transport .
Mchal wa one of he reatest drivers of all time .
He startd s career whn he a sixteen years old through kr competitions .
fter oy three year he passed on Benetton ormua one tem and tw yea fter he won his rst rver championsip .
Afr o aother tile he signed a contract wi Ferrari ea .
At that point h wo bcoe vey had an stressu because at that time Ferrri wa n't a very oo a in fact hat car was only able to go fst in a stragh circuits .
ichael sowd up hi strengh ad his attention to details woking close days nd nighs wih his enineers .
Three years lar aftr ntense wrk Michael restarted to put his feet on the odium .
In 2000 he won his third diver hampionship with errar and also won it cosecutively o three years .
Thn errri with Michael deided for a nw collaboration , so the geatest become a te drivr tried to improve t car ou of the racers .
In the meantime his mind always thought at Mercedes beaus of his youngest dreams .
ike every German , since he was a oug driver , dreamd being a driver championship with the ntionl ca .
To summarize he arranged a meeing wth th ea of Ferari n te mdia press because he would like to announce his defenitively
retiement .
This unfortunately ws on an xcus he was onl pretending to retied as he already signed a contrat to rve Mercedes .
At te ed of the cofrence ichae coed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mitae .
So man people rund me think that mks not y nse spending comuity taxes in public traspot .
hese persons usually gi arguments uch as that h pubc transport is eve in ime , or tht is diffict to gt our destination using it d without having to tae 3 diferen routes or ve that pubc ransport is not as suitable for a mad up short otice trip as ca be a car in roperty .
In my opinion tese rguments deped on ow efficiently designed is te public traspor sytem , having in oun number of routs , timetables , cost of th tickets n falities fr users wh u it frequently .
It 's qui wel known the benefits tat a oo pubi transpor stem gives to e communty : an iporant reuction of contaminant gases , a hight decrese of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having les cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian res ue by pedestrians or healthy activities sch as walking , runin or yclin .
All these benefs sury wll ontribute to a better future for l he habitat so let 's give a chance to t public transport .
My town is called a ad it is a small ow situted in Piedmont ea Langhe .
h city began to take ae of t envionment only in the lt tn years whe t studies created technologies or ot prouc pollution .
In thi area the are man filds where were bit ind turbin or se the nd and creating eletric energy .
In the ro of th supemakets are situated solar anes d it exlot the sn for produce energy .
This means of rewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't ollute .
All surfaes are used in h eter way possible .
Thee ae many grn prks where you c do sort ad ohr activy wihou polltio .
e cars ae n't use mr beause there are ma places where you can ret t bicyce and naturaly it is free .
Duig the wintr the means of transport is efficient n not vry expensive so he people an do n't e heir car .
The text discusses aut sme inds of Asian Bmbo ht hae a unque fo of flowering and eedng cyc , hes cycles just hapen at long intervs an ll h members of the species tend to floer and thn seed at the sme tie .
nd if we consdr he peec where te woman sa that at e present is phnomeon is a problem because ts bboo is h in source of food to e int Pnda that till lives in h jungle .
the Gnt anda is an endangered specie , the pnas hve to srviv to th huntes and the destrution of im hitat by the humans .
esides , when the bamos flowering and sding the di , so ntil th nw bambos row eoug to be eten by e anas takes a ong ime and th fct forces the panas to move to new places in ode to look for food .
Therefoe , the rsk of the extinction to the Giant ands e ea .
Dear Sir or Mdm ,
My name is Fabio Reón ad I am from Spain .
I am on th point of inishig my Engineer 's degree in inng Engineering , speciaization in Energ , at go University .
I am crrentl carryng ot my inal rojct as well as peparing the First Certifiate Em , pland for Juy and Jne , rspectivey .
I woul ve to improve boh my pracical knowledge bou renewable energies and my Eglish level , ad I firmly lieve ta the Erasmu internship prorame could be te best otion r me to achieve thes tarets .
Tus , t m of this leter is to eplore e possibility of ealizin an internship in your compan .
In this programme , the trainee cries o different tas uprvised by a company tut nd lo advised by a university tuo .
The triee receivs a gat to help to cover ubsstence cos , so t company is t required to ay him a slary .
Furthermoe , as the programme is endorse by uroean nion , t trainee disposes of accidet and liabii insurance .
As for he urtion , h internshi can last from a minmum of 2 monhs up to 12 mohs , being 3 mnts the priod cover by he subsistence grant .
I will be comptely avilale to do e internsp rom et September on .
I n ssur you hat I wil put al my effort into learning and makg the mo of my stay in your comany .
I op o will consier my application , ad look orward to hearing frm you .
Yors faithfully ,
Fio
Da Jo , I do n't know if your is a god idea .
No taly has ute proble ih the occupatio , it 's very difficult to find a jb nd the most peope find a ob in suprmakets .
If you want to t , you can ask in oe hotel : you are a ative Engis spaker and you n welcome ots at the eceptio .
I lve in alpoliella , a fmous land for he ie , and I a already worked in a or stars hoe f high schol .
IT was a od experience , te hel s every cofot you c imagine : a reasturant , a S.P.A. , a y , idor and outdoo swimmingpool , a beauty eter and a hurch .
he persoa we n't so uh helpfl , b someone luckil gave me som adve , epcially the porter Artan .
He a amiable and lid Metal Mus ie me , so we lway poke about o fvourite groups .
I do n't ow if he still works there , but I 'm sur that yu can fn a reat supot in i .
Valpolicella ha man location that wrth to see : irst of all Lae Garda , a lake with te amos phlli shape wih divides three different rgions ( Veneto , Tentio and ombardy ) .
Oland Duqu , wt the desire to come to the World us of 2017
Colombian became e fir ive to in a wrd c in High - Jumps .
Orlando Duque //Red Bu
Orland Duque , the Coloman divr , is the chapio of hi - jups of th INA World Cup 214 , stated tha ice 207 he is thinking about retirement ven tough he fes with force and desire to go to the World cup of 01 in Guadalajaa , México .
" I am thinking about retremet ince 207 . I hv bee uky ecause I injured , I t better " , said Duque during the press conerence of the Wol eries ht this year wil e up in Mexico on 17th nd 18h October , aer the comptition of ilbao ( Sin ) .
Duque , ho was br in Cai on Sepembr 1th of 14 , took a bea in his arer because an jury in his rgt leg in 2011 ad ate that , he returned in 2013 with te purpose of win the Wod Cup of Barcelona and the World u of FINA .
" I was 40 eas hee ees g , I fe motivatd to tai , while I ae the otivaton I can contie ; w I have no an exact dte ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Gdalajara " , id Duque , who was the first sportsman ho won a wrld chmpioship of flls fro eigh .
" Jumps hv been my li , I have spet l my fe in the jumps ad it motivate me to do it , I want to cotinue " , xplined Duque when he ointed ut tat he sill h seveal sres in hi rit nkle and he is tll lacking recover compleel .
" T event of the Nural Wl of Ik Kil ( Yuctán ) of 20 was e as on ht I ha before the acidnt ; nw , I am getting over the acidet and I fel at the 70 er cent " , xplained the Colombian sportsman wh otd down Februar , 2015 as the at to rurn .
e Colombian hig - jumper presented in xico the on that ill be te as age of this series which is promoted by an ergy drnk in he Natura Well Ik il , in h Mexican ste of catán .
e Natural Wel Ik K , wch is octed three kiomeers away fm h archeological zone of Chichén tza , will be t finl n of the Jmp season , 2014 and in that season Duque d te Meican Jonathan Paredes wll fac each otr in orde to be between t tp five ots of he seaon .
e Bitin ary Hnt already seured the prize of ts series and frm the seond to the sixth lce will be disputed th th ussian Arem Slcheko , the American Steven LoBe , the Colomian Duque , the Britain Bae Adridg and t Meica Paees .
" The plan is to wn thi cometiton because I lways compete to wn .
I am ocatd in e fourh plc , ut we e so close to h scod to the fourt ( in points ) so , e idea is jump very well en hough te Natural ll is a difficut because it is dark " , exlined Dqu abt s plan r te event in the Ik l on th and 18th Octobr .
In te male st , the hig - jumpers are hrown u into the waer from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the femal copetitin e launch pad is pled 20 meer away .
My avorte sport is runnin .
One ma ask why among al those possible ctvities , this e was chosen .
Of course I do nt count runing indoors , but only outdoors , hie the breze is blowing in n 's fae during the exercise .
Ta is wh I cl a good atvity .
here is nt exactly a god dy fr runnn , for ven th rainy days ae excellent for a goo run .
If one h a unn and wndy weather , it is nice becaus h sun warms one up ad the in helps keep it fresh .
On t other hd , if it is rai , the cod wer cools it down and make one eel less ied durig oe 's time .
is is my favorite sport for it improves health in om ny ways a boost t resistance a quality of life .
h irt ties may be har , in that they require a preparton a edentry persn dos n ave .
There an be om in and almost everybody becomes rely exhausted at te beining .
Aer the fist trias , howeve , improvements ar shrty noticed an e reult oe quickly : beter breathing , ninterrpted and uit sleep , ad an unmistakabl sense of well - beng .
It even hel educin our belly !
Despite being a comn and as to do activity , running needs some care to prent inries nd other disturbnces as well .
Efficient eat expelle ocks help ne redc the uncomortability and kee one 's feet in a nice tempratre .
Notitstanding , a formidable ai of hoes mke a huge difference if e plns to keep practising the spot or a long period .
Go to a octo , a i to analse the type of te to mak up wih an ideal footwear .
hi way , there will be es trouble when praising he exercise .
I must say tt , as a runner , I do not regret it at n tim .
Everybody can do , it is pratial n sipl , d the gls can be set in accord with he person 's ned and restrictions .
Do ot hesitate to go out and y it out !
Take that pair of snickers nd go for it !
I always cosiderd football as a piece of art .
Does not matter how ard the players tried to wn , the onl ting ha maters is he resul .
Players must be considered as a paintor working in a pie of art .
Only reuts wi be recogied at the e .
It 's o e effor they have applied or all the hopes te had .
There expctatios will be considered unusef .
oele wo n't stre a pain at a seum thinking how hard th artist tried to do a good o , th will jde it onl .
Do they like it or n .
The crowd in the stadium only wants thei team to win .
After tha , if hy playd a god ame wll be a plus .
Everything atr a successful esult il be a plus .
So if smeoe ever is woudering sar practising ts spt , they should be aware tha lt of peopl wil be expctin tem to win .
I would recommend em always remembr that , so if higs do n't resul as they expecd , the wo n't feel diapointed .
It 's all pat of he game .
We are pepe and l of us must ha private life inludng celeities .
There is a great number of politicians a film stars who ar followed by paparz who a ying to know more bout tei privt life .
I ree that film stars ad fmous politicians mu have their fre ti because thy are wrking or peope everyday .
They ust have some free time to hv a est wthut being seen .
It is qiet hd to have a rest wh ournalists e ryig to know some exciing things about yr prvate life .
On t ter nd famous oiticians and il stars he chose such lie .
It is a part of their everyday life , tey are us to be on public d he are ud to say smethng about themseves on cameras , so al the peol will nw aut thr life .
Thre are some mmens when celebities ne some tim to be wth their failies a frind d journalists must not touch ch moment .
Evybody must have fre time for yourslf .
Hey Jo !
How r ou ?
God to kn from you .
Yo want to cme to Spain ? Yu shou !
There is a lot of thgs to ist here .
Yu could do a tour of al the cities of pan ' cs every oe h something special that ou mst see .
Stating o e top , lik Bilbao or Asturias .
o could do tat and hn , finish it in Barceona , re I live .
Tee I could be yr tu guide and show you he bst of the cit .
Finaly if yo want to find a job for thee mont Barclon is a go option to sta .
Ter are a lo of place were you cold wo for a sot prio of me . Beeing a witress or something like this is wll pi n not so dificult to do .
Hoe ta you fllow my ideas nd u ike Span
e ou on !
Valria
In the modern world , the company whch has exllent tuf is more cmpetitiv , and these employees are sally motivted .
Thereore , good laders shoul know how to motvate hei staff .
It is lar tat staff would ped moe time on thir tss if te wee moivated by tei boss , wil unmotivated employees are oe likely to spn les effort in tir jobs .
Generally speking , thre are t basi methods of empoyee moiation : rewrds volving mone and no - inancial rewad .
any leaders believe th money is th bet , howver , from my own pesective , he no - financial rewards e te be approah to otivate employees nd I ill prove my opinion in this ess .
I hd evr been ery frightened unti one da that smehing strange happnd .
One night , I w talking wih my sister bout her lat tr aond Europe , her bt friend , Michal , also a there .
My sister claimed that in hr trip , she had see completely astounded builings , but while she was talking , we eard a ery loud seam .
We did n't know hat to do , so we only exchaned glces , the we decided to go o nd see what had happened .
utsde ws getting very ld n the y was dk , so we could n't see anything u nevertheles we coniue walkin rough t trees when suddenly we saw a vry bi shadow in fron of us .
In that moment we started to un , except Mchel .
When we gt in he house , my sistr and I reized that Michael wa n't there .
We re ve surprised d scared at the same time .
An nd I dcded to go outside to look f ichae , when we went ou , he was in front of e hos , doing stange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent a , th ade us to back inide .
Michael coed the do and new at that momen he hd mde a mstake .
My favort spt is basketball .
I ae noumerous reasons why I choose this sport as my avorie .
One reason why I love this articlar sport is bcaue it 's based on cooperation .
Fo example , if you play asketball ad the al is passed egulrly te your eam is re like to win because psses caue confusion d exhastion to th opponen tem .
My avice to anyone h is sarting this sprt is to simply have fun .
On e othr hand if he choes to play professionaly then he mut try ard .
Regulr exercsin is potentional so that he / she a bui up stegth d endurance
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helful to w statrs of the spo .
O of my favorite estaurants is one locatd in a delightful to called Ubeda .
The whole town is gorgeous and ou seem to be in anther a of hitory .
The restaurant has a characteristic deoratio indeed becus you eem to be nsde a train .
However , t most imprssive thig is h game of flavours tat expode inside yo moth .
My favourite one is a godn gg made of fi .
Te connection beween qualiy an rice is plenty blance .
In fact , there are alway plenty of eope ever dy so I recomend ordering at last o wee befoe ging .
I know ro rsonal experience that it is worth tsting the gourmet saping nu .
I really think it is suitable for e ass because eah on of us could no in dvance how would pay to eat there and besides this could tse the mn cours of this restaurant .
Whout shadow of doubt I am absoluely se ths could be the bet option or our class .
I'VE NEE EE SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fn of films based od fiton , unreistic cts n eents .
I he alwas preferred to relax urig om series or soap opera , but fer watching ' Flushed ' I chang my point of iw .
If y haven't een it e , after reading this short tet o 'll go to the cnema if you only ave a chan .
HE BIRTH OF NEW TAR
I gess at a nam nn Smith els you nothing .
n hat 's obvious becue it 's th first srios production of ths young , prospecive diectr , whoe ' Flushed " becm a worldwide ht .
It is id that a well - known cast enabled hr to be highly grated fo r pice , bt I have some doubts about it .
TH STRNGHT OF SPCIL EFFTS
Ad that 's why I fnd this moe so excited .
An enormous amount of additonal attractios for viwe provided me wit unforgttable feelings .
Everything cae us a surpris and yo did n't expec that this or that ctio is st tkng plac .
Te movie requires from us to be tronly concentrated on ht is ong on nd I ind it to be one of mostly conceivin facor r thse who still have ome objections .
Th director ive a choice to brden our mind n to om up wth ou own conclson or aybe imaginable nding of the gripping soy .
RECOMMENDANS
For me there is no better mvi to be presened in ou clb .
Taking nto consideration our terest in te ied of thrillers , under no cicumstances cn we miss it !
The rofile of llions of eent gradat and professional pople in Spi is a young person , well prepared d witht wok ho r hining of going aoad as a good chane to t a job .
To wok abroad can offer you a good opportunity , maybe it would never happens in your own conry , instead .
Furthermore , as ell known , saaries are higher in otr European ounties an in Spain , so your li conitins my increase t same as ou career lader .
On h ote hand , going abroad ithou our faly migt be a ealy bad experinc , ecaue yo may thoroughly mss them , aybe because yu are n able to visi tm as ch as you can due to livng far aay rom home .
he weaer ma be a isadvatage , as ll .
For exape , if you go to wok to England y a se ff he riht and sunny Spani days a sy a bi welcome to he frightful nglish weather and depresion .
To um up , th disadvataes of goig abod a hihr ha the advantages , but evr cloud has a siler lining .
Maybe , any people wo hae tdied did it to gt a jb opporuniy in ther own country , u life is life .
Al Abt me
Hi ! My ne is Ester , I a born in Daderyd a
I have not moved sne that .
I have got o sister , she is 15 years old and h name is Tina , h is as going in Fribergaskolan .
I also have a little rabt whc is nmed Frippe , he is so ut ad cudy .
u my dream is to own a horse ecause I lo riding .
On
Fridays n Saturdays I go iding at t riding center
named " Djurshoms rdskola " ad at udays I ften go
to my " carer hose " , it 's lie ur o rse fr a day ( or oe ) in the week nd mine is Saturdas .
My crer hore is named Wiggins ut he 's clled Viggo .
Vggo is a black , ite mall on .
He 's a little b lazy t loves to un fas , so he is lazy in a mat ay .
I lov hm and I hope he lves me back .
When I as eight years ol I visted Tailnd , it s wonrful nd we live at a hte so close to the eac , I culd nearly touch the sand rom te pol .
We rode on Ain elephants and divd in h wae .
One day we wee out to three dfferent Iland in a ivng- gro .
One of the islads ws a cae u had to swam nto it , it as ry beautiful .
When we were in Thaiand we saw man different animals , eerythin from big leguans to rainow fses a eadly se - snake .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom d my ster a going to Switzerand to go skiing in h as , it 's wonderful d really fun .
We have evr seen a marmot but I so want to .
We have went to hapéry a couple of times .
In Champéry y can ski ovr to race , tat is awesome .
We hav also went to Verbier , I loved te cabin we slept in there .
It ws er i t as zy at the same time .
Tree word that describe me best is perps , anial lover , app and a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to sa something like that aot ourself .
A wakness I woud like to elimint is that I often thnk or say " I do ht later " and never doing it or say te am hing hn it 's time to do that .
That is raly annoying f my mo and thes .
I ik food , especially talian od , It is my favorite food to eat .
nd of Italian food I like pizza ( ti with tuna ) or me delicious pasta the most .
My favorite resturant is " La Piazza " in Djurhol and it is of cuse Italian , I hav actually ee in Iay twice , in Rome and Florence and in a sal tw named Lucignano in the countrside .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
When we were thee last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird wich is called Hoopo .
It a beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
I like to read to , my farite type of books is horse books or just random books it har to explain but I mean , books with daily action n scine - fiction or omanic .
Some of te books I like is ned oy way is up and steal the show and is written by mm Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John yne o has written the terrible thing that hppeed to Barnay brocket .
Rigt n I ea a ok caled " te ze runner " it is very exctig .
When I ow up I want to be a e , it 's a eam coe re for me , I hp I will go to other countries ie Australia an o thre as a vet for a ouple of yeas . I have neer been bod scad or something lk hat ad I uld love to have a job I hik is fun lieime out .
Another drea b for me wld be an art - director .
I love to design presentaions and et tings at the computer but also in rel life lke my roo , clip - at d mre .
Parkour is a disciline in which it man popors is to train your od and nd to be ae to ps through a point A to pot B , in any kid of environment , the safest d fastr wy wiout causing no ha to your body .
Parkur ws develoed in Lies , Fac , around the 180 's .
One of the faundations us to develop Parkour a th Natal Method created by Geore Hébert .
Baicaly , the method is asd in develp t main foundtios of moviment of he uan body , tey are : swim , u , wal , jump , qudrupe moviment , climb , lift things , balance ad defend yourself .
Raimond Blle was a former Vietnam soulie d worke as a freman in te Fenh ay .
He hd a eat background in gymnastics d , sice he was a teenage , he sed to do a lot of xercises .
T roots of Parkou was deeloped by him and he taht som of Parkour thechniques to the fireman wch he used to work wi .
s so , David Blle , a taught om of th faundations of Pakou too .
David and a group of fiens tried to adapt hi echiques to th ura environment and then he actual Parkour as bn .
Some people say that vid riated Parkour but , in fat , hi fther deelop all th idea of h discipline .
David adted it to te urban environment and creaed new move .
Parkour is n't just a physial diipline , there is ao e philosofical pt . Altruism , " be strong to be usefl " ( it is ctally a frae Natural Method ) , develop your body and min so that in a dangerous situation yu wll be abl to sa yourself and other peoe and so on .
Thereore , is d to i phloofy d h oy that I fell before , ring n afte a tran , ths is why Pakour is my favorite exercise .
Nowadays our ocity a beome vry lzy e to the use of the ar or the mtorbike .
Thr are less pople ho use he public transport in the city becas the prefr travelin by car rather than in publc transport .
Fo th eason , t ue of public tansport is gng down , and sm experts sy that thee is no futue for the public ranspor .
F ot of pople , ravl by yor wn ca is re ofortable than tavl by pblic transport lik bus or metro , bcause you do not depend on a chedul , tt it is ey ommo hen ou ae pubc traspor .
Converely , wn yu tral by you own car , you ae a lot of time durng the journy .
Hwver , public transport has al advantages .
On te ne hand , publc tranpor affords you to waste money , because the pce of the icket is not vey epensive .
On the other , travelling by eto or b olute lss tn going by cr .
The reason is that when y e h car , you normaly go on yor on ad when ou tavel by mro or car t of eopl r traellng at the sa tim as yo .
In my opinion , there are more pople who travel by car eery day , ven for short journeys .
r me , people he bcoe very lzy nd te refe te car rather than pilic transport , beaue you a ta the c whe o want a go where you want whoou spending ous waiin o the bus .
The cosequene of this is ha in the near futur the ubli tansort will disappear .
The company enure t qualiy of water frm prodctio to distribution .
The produc ill be registered wi Ministry of Helt and SriLanka stanerds Assocition d ahere their rules and regulatiuo fr production , storing and distribuion .
We will not compromise the qalit of t producton proce or the prodt fr any ct .
e copan ll ensure tat , the w negtie environmental impact du to t production pocss .
The cmpay will set the retail rice same as the bottld water roducts in maret .
t we will gv a god pice to retailes and hotels to sell u proucts more in market .
The direc uppies to offices , houehods d hoes also will be given goo price with the deliry service .
We will et war dispenses wit a maintenance services to rquird customers in ftue to attrct more customers .
Durin the lst cenury , our y of life has chaged ompletely , even in villages .
For example , cars ar th mn ind of transport beause of his most of the families av mor than n in teir houses .
However , changes always has a negaive side .
Acordin to the lst studie , pollution increases this year in the iggest cities whereas it goes dwn in illages .
On h other hn , iies are more wried aut h to reccle heir rubbish ta in llages .
To resolve ths roubl , my illge has rated a plan to teach its ppulaion how important it is to ta care of the environment and how to do it .
or this reason , we hve ew containers to sepaate al rubbi : we have to tow wa bottles , ans a cartons into te yellow ; pper and cardboa go to the blue and there is anothr one for glas .
Fd and otr things are thrown ito the grn container .
The ouncil so has put er one hndred is arod the villge to kp lean ou streets .
At he school , children are learning how to spen lss wat or ectricity at ho .
un off te liht wen yu do n't stay in a room or do not wase water hle you a bushin your teth are some of dvie .
I hope thse simple ctins cn be used for other pople because h environment needs at we ork tether fr a better old .
Let me introduce our ciy uriosiy .
u own is often connecte with Toáš Baťa .
He ade our to ll know and he had a shoe factory uil ee .
Name of the factory is Baťa .
How iteresting !
nway , he bilt a skyraper , which is calle 21 .
And what is inde ta buildi ?
There are oe offices .
But th 's o the mst intersing thing !
Tomáš Baťa ha w office , but do yo kw what is a lttle bit strange ?
s ofice is bilt as a lif !
B that 's great !
He had to contol his employes and this way did n't take him so muh im .
u ta 's t l ...
he yo get on t lt foo , there 's a lare terrace and cafe .
u n se a bautful panorama of ur town .
It 's an unforgettable expeiece .
o ca ffer a deliciou coee , e or cake ad ou can wth the beauty .
It may no be your p of tea , but I thk it 's th most interesting an butiful place in ur to . I 'm looking forward to e you !
Wen visiting Copenhagen during umme time thre is a ge arity of shops an retaurats ht wil give you a sense of the Copenhagen ifstyle .
Stat ur day by joining h any joggers long t city lak , ther is a smal cafe , " Kff Salonen " , wher y can grab a cffe to - go and enjoy te moring un on on of the any bnche looking ot on to th laks a ay birds .
Afterwards , tak the bridge ovr h akes and enj a full da of shopng .
Lining te street a mall sond - hand hps , cfe , marks a botiques th are daily visited by e local people .
If you ge tired of wonering e streets then yu can always etr e big shopig store Magasin f moe indoor shoppng .
T hops cose at around six and eiht o'lok in te evening .
Whn you re tie of shoppi take the u to the West Side of Copnhage where her is a vast choce of resturants , everything from Italian to Chinese to Dansh cuisine .
If you like an evening stroll or a night ot , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Cpenhagen n he nightlife is oers .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion , a poplr toi .
We all wear clothes , do we ?
And most people think about hat they er , although some do n't care about there clothing .
What hapens when we all st ave to ea the same clothe ?
Do we really ed fashion ?
I taled bot hi topic wt a few oher students nd asked them wht ther opinion is .
In te following pargaphs I 'll te yo wt they old me .
Th irst uesion we dscussd was : ' Does it exs just to ke money for clothin designers d manufactures ? '
Their opinos fst varied a bit here .
An argument some caled was:'In case we remove this wole industry , thn there would be an humanous group of peole unemplyed , and tat would be a prolm . '
The other answere on this it he question : ' When does a company stars king somhing , ju becaus te want sometng to do ? '
This questio made the ote roup dubt a bit , they did agre that a ompny dos n't just stat making something to hav something to do .
This made them all gee ha fashion is there for a reason , and not oy f money .
ext qesion we tlkd about th following quetion:'oes it have too mch effet on odels ? ' Th did n't hve to tnk about their opion , tey all drectl said ' Yes ' .
The old that if you wanted to be a modl , yo had to i in a size of clothing wih is realy small .
here is immense roup of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact tha hey do n't f in this clothing yet th ae to ose weit .
uch girls e losig to mch wight right ten beuse ty wnt to be ' perfect ' d got anorexia an thse things .
The following estion which we talked aou a:'Does it he to mu influen on yong people ? '
Here they all directy respone with a ' yes ' to .
In their opinion young peple , ao themselves , were vr buy ih fshio and cohes .
An exampl on hih the al agreed was:'In as o just met your new class , a you hd to choos next to ho you ha to s the most pople were going to i xt to the girl or boy with the redy clothes ' .
Some ad that it even apened tht eole jus bought a prticular kind of othing , just because thy thouht they wol ave more friends the .
The net qstion was:'Des it make society materialistic nd competitive ?
he stdnts were a bit doubting bu agreed on he fact that pele who have stylish clthes are uslly the most popular .
And the 're a lot of pepe o wat to be popular , so hey are ging to b trendy clothing .
he as and probabl the st diffult quetion we discssd was:'Does it afct he ay yu drs d the kind of cotes you by ? '
hey all said it kid of di afet however they ao boght clthe thy ikd .
I skd thm t question:'If you liked a piece of clothg but you fiends d n't , would o he have ught it ? '
They a aid y , bt ith a little oubt .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
But where do we decide on whih lothe we wear ?
n do y have to like you clthes or somene ese ?
Maybe we houl ke in mid th we hould wear clohes in which we eel kay .
It ws a loly and sunny day .
I wa garening since the beginin of the morning , wn the postman arrived .
At that mont , my g was kidding th a ba at s sall nd green .
The postman took e leer from his a , and then , gae me the letter .
I was so surpried !
I s nt epect an etter .
Suddenly , I lt so nervous nd I did not ko wh .
Tht lette has hnged my whole ie .
I totaly do not agree with the statment that there is no future r publc transportation ecuse of c existences .
General public a uing the pblic transportation mre than before .
students who are n allowed to drive stil using t public transportation and they wil aways do .
Moreover , te trafcs on areas sch as down town enforced pole to ue the pblc transportation as train , sice th tains ae faster .
Insurances are so expensive in nort Ameca , most of householder are t using e a bease of insurance , n also because of addin cost as fixing te cars , chagng a oils and tc .
Frthermor , Governmen r enhancin te ublic transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair o raid in ublic transportatio re moe les than the cost of divin the car at th sm dstance .
Finally , none will gue that h benefit of using as oe pbli transportation , b tat os n excled the pblc ransporation .
Hi Paul ,
how are you ? I hop that everythng is all rht .
I am writin as I promised .
The concert a great !
Th best I 've eer been to .
Although I wa watching it fo acksage , e amosphere a the ame as I 'd hv en watching it in front of he tag together with other fans .
There is a t of wk durin h concert preparaion .
We ha to chck if everythin is crrect : sond , light , peial efect .
Besides , we hv to watch if th band have everythin tha they ned : something to eat and to drink , I w responsible r it .
It ws the hardet thing !
I a to saisfy l of wms of he stars .
It was an unforgettable experience . I il never fget it .
T opportunity to eet your idols in rel was te mt exciting .
I ill tell you evrythin whe we met !
Hugs and kisses ,
Aia
CAIM
Attchmen we retu y back tx of he dotoral thesis of , drcted by Dr. , equesting yo to fill out h detailed report of evaluation , also encloe .
We explicitly int t th ths report is compulsory to proceed th e necessary arrangement for the deposit of the thesis .
If you he any incident on receipt of it , we kndly ask u to nform us , to p it in order as on as possible .
ours Sincerely
Vacation is what we he wited for three lng monts of hrd studies , homerk , tests an mre .
En thoug we hae finshe te term xams , the hve just givn us a week re .
I did not do everything I ated because I was forced by my parnts to go to Boqute .
T day we finised o last exam , I as n sur what to do . Frst a friend was not taling to me , because somone told he a ie , so we wet to yogen fruz to ta , then I ent to th gym nd walked to Go 's house and then Dani 's .
From thre we went to the mall and for st to Juanca 's hou .
Friday , I sent he day wi my o a latr I went to a friend 's house wit Juanca , Olivr , d others .
Sturday I helped a fend ith his party an mae 64 dollars .
Sunday I wt to the all ih the ame people .
The rup is nme ogarts
Frm Mndy till Fiday I s in .
Boqet wre I did nthin ad Satrday I came bc .
Tha night I went to Oz it my friens till 2 in t morni .
Te at dy I went to ashla 's pool n ordere 50 chicke wngs .
I d not do much
The summay of my vaatins is that he tm I spent with friends I hd a go te t when I w with my family y got bored .
I do n't know if ou remember te Nastaran ting .
u the sae as I thought you 'd never ove me o much long tm , if you could ever do it , I alwas thought ht Nstaran would be the girl of my ie , if thre were an .
Bu I lost her after a lttle kiss fro the chek in te frs dte .
Of course ftr th I never thought tat I ev d he chae .
But once o of her fiend to me that befre he kiss , everything was to be ok .
d I believed h .
And ine the it 's the os in .
I know it m seem as a meanness of er .
ut it ws n't .
Toniht se got te admission fm Harvard .
Since I ave a specific feeling by o , I tought of sharing it with ou .
I miss sharing things with you .
And I used t English 'cause it wou be me spoild in Farsi .
Belarus is no a popar tourist dstinaion owadys but a lot of pole woud be surprised to find rea edieva tmosphere in Grodno , a esten it of the country .
Founded in the 2th entur , it came hrogh l iportant vets of Eastern Europe history , rom Tatar invasios ti the Word War II which a a ea disaster .
Two ancient cstes remind us of the imes of kings and nobility , qit edestrian streets sow us the life as it cod be in h 80s .
Grodno is situted on the cossroas of gea tradin ays that 's why ne could hea Pois , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
Its multiethnic population was h reason to ganise and hl h Festil of ntinal culture eery two ears .
It 's wrt visiting ecause trditions of the ancin elarusan , atr , Russa , Jewish sho lie make us feel history itself .
City of different religions , differet nationaities a " talking stones " is waiting for u .
RORT ON SOPPNG FAILITIES IN MY TOWN
The reason Lagos remans a meg city is becus of its abudant torist centrs .
Te beaiful seaside an natural ges reserve or Zoo makes it very attrctive to tourist visitors .
A pleasurabe tourism is ot complet without a fascinating shppin cente tat hs evera faciiies .
ATTRIBUTS OF HOPPNG FCILITIS
There are lts of shopping centers in my town with their own niqu characteristics .
hee iclude facilities lie ample vehicle prking lots wit very w chargs or almost fe of chrg , elvato systems to aess any area of te hopping malls in th case of arryng ve heavy loads of urchases a reaxation spots like Cinemas nd gaming centers o kids .
In addition , ost shopping mll do have enogh space for their cusomer to move around wthout ettin any clustering of eopl ; as th is a statory reirement to buildn a shoppi ml .
SHPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a mtte of fact , Shp - rite is one of the best place in my opiio , that I would adve people to visit .
It products ar more international nd they offer a lot of dicouts to ourist visors .
Bside , this shop is n too far fro h nown natural games reserve in Leki area of Lagos .
nther sopping centr is the agnificen Lgos Iland market .
This is where you would fi sveal shops tht sell most African traditinl artifact .
I will rather advice tourist to y th market a visit to enable hm have choices of priceless procts .
CONCLUSION
I ope fo the explantios , I have been able to convnce you with espect to my opinion bout h shopping centers in my town n their possile fcilitie that aonds as u take yu time in considering vsitin them .
In developed countries , four wheels gain hg appreciation in veryay transportatin .
In cpita cites of Europe e can easil notice how mny people preer their own means insed of t pusing crowd of ublic transportaton .
It is however well knon aft a plethra of scintifc publications that as hr the envrnment ramatically .
On the other hand , modern citizens lie to be part of green revoution n carbon footprint h an effect in everyday deision making .
Many organizations d public authorities encourage workers to use pbic mea of transport to and from the job plac in order to minimize greenhouse gases eissons a save natural resources .
As a esult , before privat tranportation raches its ick f st cenury , it is more probbly gren mobility oveaps it and dminates in people choie .
The is great future for public transport , same for bicycling n on foo travelin istead of cars ad ohe plluting machies .
Dear rry ,
I have just received you etter .
I 'm pretty ecited to be in London fom the 1h .
I 'm arriving at he train sation in th mrnin at 6 o'cloc .
Do n't be afaid no to rcognie me becau I haven't chane a lot in two year , bt o your confidence I will be with a brigt orange suitcase .
I 'm waiing fr meetig ith your family n in ti case that we will be staying with Eile , I want to bring hr something .
at can it be ?
I would like to vit g Ben Tower a man other places that y wil propos , but I do n't really want to see comon touist sighs , so if y could shw me smething that not everyone n find , I wul appreciate that .
rit to me as so as possibe .
Your ,
n .
Best plaes to young people vsi in w York ?
I am doubtless it is an ea as : here you can vsi mny enteraining faciities , where ou n find technology or culture , for example , nd there are also many lces to at , dance , t .
he Statu of Liberty is by f th most famous buling at h ity .
Th eat view it provides is icredibl .
The Time Sqare is a god site for uying to , ltough the xcessive quantty of advertisemet is a litl bit annoying .
Fnally , te Metroolitan Museum of t is a od place for popl wo li hisory , atropoogy ad viewing a lot of tps of arts .
Talking about paces to eat or dance , nar the rand Station you a find t ' m ng ' , a gd place to eat sndwich .
Rmrkably , teenagers lke eating this ad it is where yo can find ne of h best .
roud e Central Par , there is one of my favourite bakery : '
The Bouchon ' .
Mn typs of cdy a cakes n be fond there .
If o need ore informtin , please tell me .
Have a good trav !
I utely agee with he statement : travelling by a is much more coneniet , because yu ca go whrever yu want without waiting f a bus or rain at a bu op or sttion .
I think th travelling by car is also more inner d comfortable becase yu only travel wi people you know .
Talking bot oey probal c is or convennt , ev if you av to pa for fuel , ighwy and everything hat is ecessary to te aintenance of the car .
As a resul , if o use public ransport , yu have to pay an expensive subcription d diffent tckes .
There is no future for publc tnsport beuse buss a trains are brke a dirty d pople prefer to avoid hem .
So peol prefer travelling with ther own means of tansprt instead of ayig to travel in a teribe way .
On th other hand , if we do n't s pubc ranspot and ver person use a a , polutio wll nrease a l .
We can also y tht with cars you have to find a pakng , so you can waste time and sometimes pay fr tat .
Eventually we shoul us public transport to reduce pollution , but they ve to be mre cheked and rpired .
I agre with the statemen , fmous eope esrve to have a priate lf wtout lfe jouraits flowing them l the time .
Fame is a choice of many pope , it was their drem .
B it es n't mean ey hven't go some rights to hav private if .
My of te hv ot family members , who do n't wa to hve anythg in comon with ae .
suall journalists aso followig thm all t ime .
It 's very important to remmbr if o 're famous , yo sould rotct your family .
Sometimes happens , that journalist wrte some sill gosspis about famous peole , wich ar not true .
It m be a dager f family of a celebrity , politician , famous eson , because of the some ould broke up .
But on te othr hand , bin famous is a fre oice for many people .
They wnt to be rich and famos n they no , at journalist will be follow them .
t sometimes it does n't epen on us .
If ou 're a queen , member of rol famiy , fr your birth u 'll be oservng by pres and magazines .
It 's a rice of ben faous .
Altough it does n't men , th ess should rie abut privacy .
Pulic activity is one of h most iportnt hin .
In my pinion , the television s an important rol in te society becas it an ifluece in peple 's life .
I mean people watch televsion to entertain themselves b others maybe watch it to lern a e language with different progams at teeviion ofers or just put subtitles to ae it smpl .
A o of important new cn be shown to people around th wold by TV .
It 's imporant to nw what it 's happening in t worl bcause it n nrich or knowledg culturally , politically , etc .
Besides o need to now if a conlict is developing at the moment or if many severe stuatios are being occurred in your country .
Childr lan a lo of things wth cartoons , it can help thm to improve the spakig and to ow new vocabuay .
The televisin is one of the most important mdi .
So , for ta easn I think televiion can entertain and also eduae .
I 'd ike to add hat tleviion can be h refuge of a peron if it 's d or he reak of someone 's on its free time .
Watching TV c be funny and nice but watcin it in xcess can be bad and ot healthy for you lif .
I aways believe I an become an engineer and coputer technician to nvnt mr things since I s small .
Afr I receive more and more infomaion bout some successfu engineer and invent such as Sve Jos , I realize tat no matter w you ar d ow sart you ar , u an not iv whout a heathy body .
Conseqenty , I believe pysical development is the necssiy in secondary scool lf and I was so graeful for proving me opportunities of exta - curricular activities .
I like h feling of eting sweat and a gre psion in swmming .
Therefore , to maintan my by healthy and my interest , I kee on joining the Sool Aquathon sice I s secndary oe . I partcipated the same evens each yar .
It allo me know my body stae n whether I ae relapsed .
Besides it gave me a mtin to ran harder and never have a thiking of iving up hat I need to kee my swimming traing vey year ad einds me of the imortance of a healhy boy .
Also , uner the harsh training , it tain my willpower and seting go .
I learnt ettng a ropr gal as it is a signifint factor to success .
This goal push me forward to do better an beter ac time .
I realized that o wll make a concession if o do not impov after take pt in School Aquathon and saw ther got mproved u t jt me .
I reckon learing and trying more kin of things can chang my school lif to beome more lorful .
School wr and examination ave me hg pressre so I fou a y to strie a balance that I lernt plang windsurfing .
In my eyes , windsurfing is secial ad idispensable to me .
When I step on the sufing board , all my exaton nd msgivin wee ge .
Under t recommendation of my instrcto , I joined the Jint schol wndsurfing cmpetiton .
On that day I fond somthing wng wi my position on e rult board . I w shocked and eided protest for the wrongdoings of th race commttee .
After several meetns , I go my psitin back nd I have earnt that we shul beiev ourselves .
Also I got trained my boy and ecme oe healh .
h hotet isu nowadays is the global wamng .
Therefore I pad mor attention at global armng nd ways to del with it .
It is art of my dream at I wish I can hve an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To kow re informaion havin a green lifestyl , I participated in the Gren & Organic Health Run 201 .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
On of the purpose of thi event is to encourage running to hav a healthy lifestyle , so I g a bttr physial dveloment .
To ae moe differet experience , I hae joined h " Dialue in the rk " experiential exhibitin .
In the total dark envionment , I eperiene te eelig of the visually isabled d t ifficultie of hei livings .
After undro this experience , I can totally unerstan her nes an I o my new al of helping the in the fuur .
I ge a greater passions in enineering so as to creat om devi to lp them to hve a re comfortle life .
lo I av lent the communication kils wit others and be coniderate .
Uer the colrful school life , I unergo differet te of experience and I finally set my caee goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a god engineer who oly go skills of enginering .
Theeore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitte as a suitable andidate of ngneering n I wil rk hard to achiee my goal .
People differ from each other and eryone have various professions .
Beig a politicia or a flmstar has something in comon : tse ople are famus .
And , as a daack of being aceebrity , they r folowed by papparaz amost eerywhee .
ut do n't th eserve to have more rivae life ?
I think ht journalists should rememer about the prate life of fmous people wic is deserved to sty in secret for other pope .
There are a lot of cases known wen journalists would make it difficult for a celebrity to leave som pce because there were so ny of hoe journalists .
And fo ome peop it does n't really matter if it was fund o that someone s in a br for example as log as their films are rely wrh watching .
Besides , bing foolowe by unkon pople ought to be quite a scary experience .
So peole wud sy that it 's nessary for usual people to nw how the politician lives so thy could know if he should be trusted .
That 's fo sure an iporant thing to know or voters .
But as for film strs , is it real nessary to kow h exacty they lv ?
Dea pinciple ,
I am writing to join Eglih course in yu school to irove my Eglish an help me to id my j .
I have been learning Engis for 10 years .
In schoo my irst languag ws Englsh .
I a eak English goo bu o fuently .
my listening is gooo and I ca understand .
I do lots of grammatical mistake he I am spaking and writng .
I like to read book nd trelling to diferent countries and noing there ultur .
I have wo kids thy go to schoo , I wul ike to join English course in e morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I wan to sat the course as soon as possble .
I look forward to hearnng from you very soo , if you ve a qusion you c mail or contact me .
Thnk u ,
Yours Sinerely ,
r
It is a act that h publc is getting worse ye by year specially here in Peru , oweer we have to thik about the benefits that public transport s , for istance it can be a os - effective way to get to wrk , so hre will be no spc f pubic transpor in the future ?
undreds of eople take buse at y tme , e of the main reaon or hs is that ty have ot got their own car .
As a result , not only is public trasort h option hey have , t it is also the ly o .
It 's kow th ove the year the sstm have improved and new mens of transport av been offered such as trains nd trolleys al of them wit ust one objective to transport a ass of peole at a quick ti .
On h ther hand t number people w can ford a r and e cost tha it involves hav gone up ovr the last w years ad oe of t main reasons they have it bease of the comfort , so they claim that they can et ther ok aster ha pubic ransport .
Michael sat in the us a te ut s dairy to calculate how mch he have to invest in the tennis ourt .
A gr cae and sat in the seat next to him .
e asked him wn te bs is gong to depart u Mihel replied th he s aso ot awre of the departure time .
The bs strs ter half an hour and Michael stt talking th i parents ove he phone and dscussd his business .
T trang girl w was sitting xt to him a listening to music and loking outside rying to gnor h details tt Michael was sharig with his parents .
It was a 13 hour journey n the girl ante to tl with ichael and so she offerd cips but he denied .
After so time h u stopped r 5 mn and Michael bought wo cholates , cip and a soft drink and offerd her a chocolt .
T il accepted the ccolate th a smle nd sked him her he as gig ?
Ts is how te start the converstion and while exchanging convesation , tey fl as if they know ch other for a long ie ... they g attracted tards each othr and in h mist of that thy ised each othr and even exchanged phone umber .
Their u as aout to reach their destination net mornng so Michael offered h to drop at ho ad the gr agred with a smile .
At tht tme thy elt n like parting but they have to d Michael drpped her hme an retuned back to his own om .
After reuring home , Michael flash backed ha he did in the bus .
Michae tk a de brea an look at he entrance oo that was still open .
Mihael cloed the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Sr :
I am wrtng ih regrd to an dvertisment that appeared in the local newspaper ecetly .
hs advertisement queste a group of young pple to wok in summr caps all ovr th USA .
First of all , my name is orena and I hv went - thre years old an I am fo pain and I woul like to o in your sumr camp because I cn improve my English leel and earn ony ; my English evel is so go due to al hs year I ave been in English academy to learn te language and now I am going to ake aoter crtificate ; and ust lke ha I will be ble to communicate wh hildrn .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer amp nd thee were chldren aged 6 - 13 , besides my prtnr and I prepard water activities hn the weate was good , against ; when the weather w ad we prepared puzzles gae , dventur gaes , etc .
The advertisement talks abt work in t kitchens ; r summer camp w little because it w in a small own so we hd to cook children od n I could do it without problems .
I oo frward to hearing your response .
ors faithfully .
Loren .
Michale ill never fore the day as long as he lived .
It w on Saturay moning around 10.30 .
He en to he church on th a .
It ws the Seventh da Adventist churc which the ritual ws to orship on atuday .
He a hee not becuse he was a hristia , bt h presence was because of a girl he ha a ruh on .
Honestly , as egt ears old boy w knows Crstianity coe to nothing , his knowled of Christianity was lower than a 3 yar - old child .
nxiousness o t better of hi as he prepare himsel to enter e sanctuary .
In his mind , the only reason I was there was jus to se e rl he ha my crush on and to now me of r church friends .
Th boy had to ph himself an break the ie as the time en by .
hh , I am starting to et lz .
WHATTTT I ISPELLED MIAEL!!icael closed th door and ne at that momet he a made a mstae .
ubli trasport man trveling around t worl an cities by usng trains , bses , taxi , airplanes t .
Sme years ago people blieve that private cars would be h main vecle to moe roun u noadays , e to economic cisis , ms of e people have chged their minds ; they blieve that public transport would be the main way to move round in th ture or man rasons .
First of a , ravellin by cr is mor expsive an travelin by public transport ; as hould ay f gas , insurance , repairin , environmnet fees etc ; trvlling by public traport is more ecologica an cheaper .
Secondly , peope o use pulic transport ae safr thn oter h use private cr ; if they drink more than usual and drive their rs ; ere ar a lot car accidets due to drivers ae druk .
Fially , the traic jam is much less if people use public tranport than usng rvate cs ; the developed countries hav bult a public trnsport syte so to avoid traffic am , wh peple no using it ?
In colusion , public transport wil o be affected by using private ars .
I stonly believe tt in the near uure public ranspot wil be the main eicle to trav rond the orl , sae and cheap .
Michael ha ust oen up , he felt a Little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchn for esh wae .
He sw his brother atching TV as usual .
As he cud n't sle aymor he drssed up and bruht s brother to the park .
His mother ould be probably orkin , she was a raltor a wld be slling a house .
It ws a wnd day so ey kpt ther jackets ad sarf .
hen Mihel and his little brothe , Jackson , arrived at the park , noiced hat ther s n't anyby around .
Th park a seald by a gren tape whih said " danger zoe keep away " .
Suddenly t peple ressed as astronauts ee leaving the pak and advertised to the oung boys to go to their house and ait untl ths unfortuntly even as over .
To and Jc er curius abot wht h append bt hey di n't know om wre to take nwers .
Whil the ere alkin back home ey heard a journalist commenting what inciet have hapeed to th rk .
Te only thin they could cleay heard was : - Bu this can ony be cased by te contaminaton , athough these windy day hasn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking an get ditracted by a beauifl dog , Michael continued on hi way nawre Jackson was n't olloing him .
Alost arriving at oe n mllig over te thoughts ak hi o conclusions to at uld might hav happened .
And ated to share thm wi jack bt ...
Mchael closed the door nd knew at tha mmen he had mae a stake .
Well , I ink ht this u is trying to sy is ta it oe n't attr if ou ave thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of te .
What I tink it 's stupid is that most people use to hide their faces fom behind the scren d no one ans to appreciate a sunny day anore !
What I disagree aot tis video is eause he is generaizing too mc .
I tnk it is cool to ve a soial etwork , and there is nothing wong to let kids njoy the technology tha becae part of r generation .
Hwever , th ut be controlled n especially by teir parents .
I believe the l alues should hv ee taught or cidren in hools .
The thng nowadays is , if u disconnect from all of the tigs we he , people make un of you d sy at you r ld or just do n't ko how to da wi the modern orl .
Well , it is possibl acully , jst like we d in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying .
Te internet has caused me depression once , I felt really lne and I ue to be soeone who I was n't in e real lf , but I learned h to deal it it .
I am arai mor ople pass thrugh f th same ting
Sm people like shopping .
Some people lo shopping and som people can o le withut spping .
I Am from h irst typ of eole .
I like shopping .
I re abu fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spre an I spe a lot of money in oe clohs shop .
But somedy as to go with me , bcause it wold be borin with nobody .
Shopping wt smeone old be great .
After tha , we an go at cafe ad take some good cofe .
A o of brands are generally good .
Some of brands e xcellet and ealy cool in my city .
For xamle H&M. It is brillint shop .
hre are l of styles of cotes .
portsear , elegat clothes and of course accessories .
Everyone can find right his stle , so I rcomend it .
In the summe ime , Mian offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
Visiting e centre of e cit is eally fascinatin : Piazza e uoo is e of the most suggestive squares in Italy ih the prticularity of te white marble faade of t Dome nd his mulitude of pinacls .
The surroundings are dedicated to t fashon : you can find te most iportnt ops for wh ilan is now in h whole world .
In th se area , eopl often have h chace to attend fr onerts of Itaian singer and some forein artis .
The Sforzesc Catle is anothe suggstiv historic monument and t reen empion pa is one of th best pac her people a practise sport or can attend a yoga cass in he middle of the wildlife .
Fialy eople n exerimen te ianese nihtlif in the area of he Nvili , which are really crwde from 19 ill le .
Hee you can experience th typical Milanese aperif , dring which ou an have a cocktail while eating whater o want and y can get to know many young people .
Thrier ne : Kiler shaow
The eview :
Jak Pllar a street fighter known as Crz dog ies downtown LA .
He hs eemis who want to kill m .
One nght when he is walking aimlssly in a privacy aley he sees a shao hih gradlly ces to him .
At first he does n't care but suddenly ss it in ont , an owner - less shado .
He trns h hea around to find the sourc of haow but ca n't fd anything so he feel fea but ontrols imself and yells : who r you ?
Hey if it 's a iding , stop it , it 's not funny .
Sddenl , shado cves im and crazy dog falls on h ground and dies .
The polc announced checkout is the urdr motivation .
A detctve named Jams Reilly wants to ind out the eason or murer and to arrest murdrr .
He ealies czy o kled an innocent ma named Joe Mendez st year but hs body was no found .
In edez hos in te suburb , Rily fund se ol phoo soing t sequel of criminals .
Th all wee tortured viciously before death .
It was around 9 PM when Reilly w hee .
Suddny he has a weak voic whispering ; do not ry to st te shadow , l it kil the riminals or y 'll die .
He checks everywher but ca n't find anyone .
He sees a shadow out of the house a follos it uni it stads at t end of gravear .
He goes there ad sees a pile of garbage quikly brushes sie it nd observes a ol in t grou .
He gos nside it n disvers a half decayed oy tt was compible with Mendz identities .
He understans at the shadow ws gost of ndez w wanted to ak revge on Medez 's murderer .
I hin this thrller is exciting because it shows a ghost th killig ability .
I think ince this ie is creaive people il like to watch it .
Alson read t note , smil , and imediaely put on her coat .
e new wh does tat it meant , Jao was alive .
he kww ha he will be staying away o so on but he wl wait .
S loves im an any orld War was le to separe them , eause she ws regnnt a this baby a cmng , it was a bo and i name s going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' fathr .
Alison took a p and a iec of paper nd rote an aswer for Jason , as fast as e col becuse the pstma was leaving in one hou .
She was so exited and happy , she did n't kn wha could sh write o her lover , she ntced that he s alive so s ut wrte ' Dear , please take car of ourself , we wll be here waitin for you , i 'm prgnat , it 's a boy , if you l me i na wl be Taylor as ur fathers ' name , I hv always loved yo and I always wl , do ur es , come bak as soon as you cn because I need you , love Alson ' .
She could n't top smiling ecause sh hd just noticed that he would n't be alone anymore
Introduction
The purpose of th rpot is to describe the shopping faciltie in Pamplona , an to outline se recommending hops tht mig apal tourists with diffent interests .
Shopping ailities
As might have ben expected , a mi city as Pamplona is el equipped to deal wth a large number of tourist a residents goig shoppng .
Witn h ton centre itself tre is a wide selection of stores offering loca crafts , fashion clothing , fod or ie .
In additio , several r ark have space for 000 automobiles ad are coveniently lated on he centre ith easy acces and cha rates .
There is al an extensive lal u twork in orer to provide servces to ll the suburbs around the city .
pecil shops
Alhouh ost touists come to Pamplona for h famous festiva of " Bull Runin on the street " , an become assionte about the cuisine of Navarra . As a rsult , a e sos sh as " LA VINOTECA " n " DELICI " have dediated to eling selected op wnes nd typical fo .
Both sops are located in " Castillo Suae " and their staf speak English .
oreovr , a stre known as " KUXUMSU " ofer all kind of bulls - relte souvenirs n genune pieces that explain the Basque Contry 's cultre .
Recommnations for tourst
I would strongly recommend tha any touist , no matter about eir inteest , should isit the speci shops aforementoned .
There is itle doutbt tat th wil no only find original produt , but il so enich their minds .
Fous eole shold eaize th if they try to ga fmus all e time and waste thei me on it , hey wl not have ter ow rivte life .
But they ar srprised .
In my opinion , celebrities soul remember ht if they wnt to be famous they , probably , will be chaed by paparazzi .
On t oher and , hey r stil nrma plple , who have families , partners and riends and the sometimes wnt to ae a few prive minuts , without cameras , mia , newspapes , flashes and spotlights .
Probably , the want to go on holidays without reognise by other peopl , wthut giin autogrps an taking phots .
Moreover , rm time to tm they pefer to leve hose wthut make up and beautul clothes .
Wahat is mo , I am re , that os of them do it on purpose ecase their man aim is the amos .
d celeritie well now tht ey have to be controversial cas tat is the bet way to ahive their lovly famous .
So g names ry to go somewhere witout guard , without make ups to sow themseves to cause soe juicy gossip aout th to gai famous in h eaiet a .
To um up , famous is ambiaent and people who want to be aous should ealze it before becme a sta .
ea r ,
I 'd like to apl for the position in your sumer cm .
I found he advertisement on you website a I 'm ue ha I 'm e person you are lokig fo .
Altouh I 'm Ialan native speaking , I 've been stdyig English for seven yeas ; furthermore ls summer I spen two monhs in Philadelphia so I can communicte quite ll in yo langge .
I 'm really cherful ad hardworking , and I hav god marks at sport .
I lik a pa of my school magain where you can fnd my CV .
In additon to ht , I lv children d I usually lok after four children , age from even to eleven , eery Sturday .
As I enjo cooking , I 'm sitable aso or the ork in te kitchens .
I hve saed som money to pay te ir ar .
I live in Ialy , so I ca n't asily ee u for te interview , bu I hop we could manage f an interview on skype in the next days .
I 'm available vry aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , whil in the USA is morin .
Cld y plas anwe me with an email ?
Thnk you for considering my aplication .
Your faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
What is fme ?
H is it to be fmos ?
Ho he famous people el and what they miss ?
Do tey deseve heir prvae lives ?
Of corse they do .
I absolutely aree wih e satment .
Everone eserve his o privacy , on pea , im jus for hi and famu people too .
I uderstad , they ar rich , their lives might seem intrestig , een mre interesting than rs , but they ar ot so difeent , they a nt etter than us , ordinary pope .
Many of journalist or photographers thnk when ty ite me goss aou politicians or we they ake some " cuios " photos , it 's ok .
But it 's not .
Thy may hrt these peple , hey may rned thei life jus usng a bad word .
It must be really sressed when you ca n't come anywhere whout jurnalists following y .
And so it must be really uncomforable o friens or family wo go wih ou .
It is a g pessure .
Of corse some of famous people might like this feeling that they re so likely and fourite n thy , who do n't lk it they ave a posibity to poect their privacy beter or me or pretend th jounalis fllowing them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I hae to say , I wuld no be famous if I wud lose my if .
I like my stuen life wihou followers .
My town is a very good ton or taking care of the environment .
My ton , Ciy X , is a vy green city .
Only cool a good cars a allowed .
People will be fnd if the thrw garbage on the streets .
This town is a vr trict to .
Our tn is fu of green pans everywhere : in he schoo playground , between h roads and my other places .
My to uses only uses electric cars because they do n't dive out caron dixde .
Smoking is not allowed .
Farig in the open ar is not permitted .
Plasic substances sould be reused .
Plasi bags shoul be bought in shops .
Mos peoe use leather or fabric bags for their eeryda lif .
os are also n allowed because he fart an are not clean .
People with dogs wil be sentencd and will suffer heay cosequence .
eople who smke wil be jailed f 20 yrs .
City X helps reforestation in many coutries and places suc as Brazil , Jav , umatra , Peru , Gyana , French Guyana , rinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paragu , Colombia , Venzuea , Euador , Chile , Idonesi , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
Pblic ransport is gog to ace a hge decreas in the nar futue .
New tecnologies are chaning e way of thinking pivat ars in a ew muc more av and ecologica way .
On th n hand , pblc transport is wll knon by thir lar amount of benefices lie less polution and more conomical aspects .
Moreover , large crwded ciie using underground or bus ae usual a good way to avod trafic jams , saving im d stress of sad drvers durng commutations .
For that reason , fomeing e use of public transport as been te ma cnern of most of modern govrments .
On t other hand , hug technological improvements in c features like sel - driving , elctrical engines , soar power and ohrs , ae created a nw perspective of conceiving h wy we interact with cars .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention drng driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of car comped to ubli transort ecause we are not bl to enoy driving time by oin something else at h se tm we re dring .
However , hat is rely clse to chnge by ogle 's ef - Die ar which is a w technology able to riv ur r to y destination without mane intervention .
urtermore , th r ould be empty n go aywhee we ommand .
That xiting nws on a new world of possibilities for the use of cs .
For instance , imagine ong to rk and order the car gong to pak hm after take your hildren at schol .
In addition , man oer improveents ike eletic egines from Tesla ae gttig new benfices to is nw concept of Intelligent - Cars .
To summarse , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , ceep and inellignt that we will never tak a publi transpot agan .
My nae is Tove .
I like to pla soccer , dance and sing . I le to nce because I an do a little i watever I want when I dance ad only a e pple is jdgng me .
I like siing because it an bring happiness .
I ie to pay soccer ecause I g to hang out wth friends and ran at he same time .
My favorite foo is sshi , ad my avorie drik is a pn drnk th Pineapple in it . I ik shi because it is fresh and swe and at the me time it is ur .
h drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pinepple in it .
I want a kittn u my mo is allergc so we ca n't have o .
I was born in July 25th 203 .
I have a brotr nmed arus wo want to be a professional tennis player when he et older , he is 17 years old .
My mm 's nae is Katarin and she likes to in , she turns 50 his ar .
Hr favorite fod is crab a he faorte drink is a good whit win .
My dad 's name Björn and he likes Tang So Do a to im , he is 52 ears old .
His aorite foo is grlled stek .
De Paul ,
we d n't se for a while so you do n't know mc about me lately .
ast moth I wa traning at a ncert by ecoraed the scene and seriously came ut eter then I pected to .
Te blbs were d a the ground was ull of yellow flowes .
Seems simpl u oks beautful , somtime the simplicity is e most perfec accessorise .
I ws happy helping thse pepl , because money from te tckes were donated to a nursing hos .
Nwdays peoe care mr bout themeselves n akin go thgs for so of tem is wrog !
I 'm sad we I ee a nrsing house ut yo now , there , people will neer talk heher te do ba or od a in the end of the a , thy will not re only aut themselve d their inseurty .
Being the is like aving you own famy .
I ho , in t xt proje you 'll be ter helping us !
We need more caring person !
Dear Jo ,
I am really happy o write to me fr some advice d I am very honurated that you want to spend some time in my country .
Now you have ot lots of free ime and I hink ta you must mke a really good ou of my conty .
irstly you have to decide if you want to vit the North or t South pr of Ila becuse if y do a ll imrtion tour of te intire Peninsula you visit neither a alf of al o hv to vist .
If yu decd to vsit the orth part I thnk is good if o str fom Trento and his new musm about ntre caled Muse .
It is er bautiful becase it is structued like a mountain ( and so you n sart om th lat lor and th you go down visitng othr floors ) .
Then ou mt visit my ct , Mlan .
The yo mut see the centr of the city ecaue we have the Dme ( the hurch ) , t alery near he Dome , the litle hiden church calld S.atro and , at the e , the Sfrza 's cale .
Then u mu visit Vnie te cit on the wer where every part of the city is a ltle teasure .
If yu like the Egyptin story o can go to Tourin where you a find a huge a beautiul muse abou Anient Egypt .
If y want to ist the Souh pr of tay yo must start your ti from Florence , the bithplac of te culture , hn you mst go dwn to oe th capital city of my country .
ftr tha you have sn the Colsum , te Baiic of S.Peter ad the Trevi ountain d so on u ut iit ples .
In hat wonderfu city you us visit the stau of Jus Christ called " il Cristo velao " de by mable a then y mt vit t cere of th ity , fu of fantastic feature that make ti ity really particular lke Spaccanapoli , Hide Napl , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio hurh and so on .
If u are a lttle bit ire of a this trip you n go to Sicily where a bautful and special landscape n elcome ou .
Thr ae lots of things to visit in Sicily and th ms important cities r : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , oto , Rags , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The ida to find a o that lasts thre month is great ..
I think o could work as an entetaine in sme turist villages roun h counry .
In that w o colud imrove your ay to make a reationshp wih people and also it could be a grat help for your theatrial perience .
I know that yu are a brilliant photographer and hat u wat to improve your hability , so I think ha u could do some photos uing yu trip d hen u could send tem to soe experts .
Honestly I thn that it ould be ar ( just bease o have't so much time ) ut I know tht sooner or atr tre ll be a hoto event ... It 's not much b you n art ro it to let other pepl ko about yr talnt .
I hop that my advis ll hel you an I als hope ta yu have a great time in my conry ! !
Let me know if o enjoy yout tour a take lts of photos ( I want to see hem son )
Lots of kises
arty
Nwdays , peopl hae ifferent viewpoints abou whether te most principle concern of hoosing an occpation is slary .
Personally , I disagree with ha the mney is te most imprtant consideration for deiding a job , because hre ar sevral facos equally mportant .
I believe tat ote consderatons are as imrtant as money .
Firstly , the core vals d the reputation of the company are neessrily cocerned .
Woing in a omany which is built up th gd oe values d a an excellent reputation could easiy obai the fulfilment nd keep pssin in ob for a long tie .
We would believe tat this ob is worth contributin to fo life .
Secondly , the co - worker reationship d the atmosphere in th wokplace e extremely imotant when hoosing a job .
Having a kind bs or frindly colleagues , for eample , can brin workers te sses of belongig and enjoyment rm rking , hence the woking qualit ma arse gratly .
Admitely , ney is ncessary for peple 's dai lives , atisfing their basic demand .
r example , he expenditur of food , drinks an commditie need he suport fom the steady income .
Furthermore , we may need mch more money to have some actities , sch as worldwide travel or outdoor camping f days .
In addition , in t life - log consideration , alth - care would be incresingl important with peole getting oler , ece enoug amount of money as a stale incm could not be disregard .
In conclusion , while salary still play a le and certainly ffecs people 's choc of profesin , I beleve ht money dos no outweigh all the her fators .
Karate gave me a new pupse of life .
This is o eason wh it is my most favrie sport .
Thee a vriou reasons why I am aboutely fascinate by hi martial art .
Behind every single moement you will find gracefulne a poer .
Once enterig a css , you r able to fully concentrate on the sport .
Ther re certain proceurs in the beginig of a lss which ecourages u to empty your mind and be rad fo class .
Especially in our hectic wod it is ve impornt to in to youelf and jus listen to yur body .
As a matia artis o sta to t a gret itness and your alance wl improve a lot as el as or flxibility .
ay chaacteristis wil increase immensely sh as confdece , se - defene or responsibility .
o will find ht y will not only benfit rom those in your normal life , t als in yu ob .
arate a be started by anyone and a age .
However to see a improveents you should atted regularly and at lst twice a week .
Only the it tarts to ak rat fun and you ertainly wll not regret that yu hae taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Goo Morning :
I 'm writing to apply or one of yurs advertisement publised in e lcal newspaper as we .
I mean , the " Usa Summer Camps " .
I 'm 31 yars old , and I he had the prviledge of orkng as a teacher ll my live , so I am an experienced person apable of taking care children .
D to my exrience as a teacher I am ure ht I could have any dfficuly in oranising sprts an inventing a wide rang of activities in order to entertain childn .
As well as , take par in ctivities about cookering .
In adition to thi , I bear in mind to improv my Enlish through my wo ad of tis a be ale to teah h children some basic kll about thi universal lnguage .
I would be ratefu if yo would en me more information of ti work and o a get in touch wth my on 7123456 .
I look frward to hearing from you early .
Yurs faithully
Hi ne ,
I 'm so happy to hear rm you a plese th u 're comn .
I lo forward to seeing you en you arrive here .
Prsonaly , I think e best month to coe to Ily is April as the weather is tempete .
In my opinion if you want to mt people of o a I suggst goig to the ms famous local or places of t ciy .
w out goi out with me and my frens ?
We can see ah otr in the centre and te we iit t city all together .
April is a ver nce month .
Although the weather can chage moe easily , so you sould brin diferent kinds of cloths both heavy a light .
The perfect outfit a be a pa of trousers , a t - shirt n a jaket .
hanks a ot fr yur invitaion and if I was n't so buy , I wul travel aroun with o .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a msage to tl me when you ar arrivig .
Best ishes ,
Aroa
ar Sir / Madam ,
I am witing wth reference to my sy in yu hotel ls wek .
I is I could express my diatisfaction with the faclities .
I am arai to sa te room was dirty and untidy .
At nigt , the nis a annoiyg , I was not ae to re properly .
esides , the hne did not work roperly , it w imposle the use of it to call the receptinist .
In addiion the elvtor as ot of order .
her were sx of us from a shool , d we al ree th stay was unpesant .
In the ed , to my srpise , the price was or expensive hn I expected as it w nounced in your web .
It seem a ax was th excuse , but in my opinion tis is a deet .
I regret to inform you tht if u do nt offer my apologies nd a compensation for all the disturbnce caused to me I wol go to the main athorit .
I look forwrd to receiving a prompt reply .
Yors faithflly ,
Angel
l but me
elo ! My nae is Ea d I 'm 13 ear l .
Now I am going tell yo some ats about myslf and my lie .
I s rn here in Sweden , actually igh here at Danderyds hospital , bu I lied in the city back then .
When I s abot tee eas old we move here , to Danderyd .
I lied in a yellow ouse , not far wy rom where I live now ( probably st fve minutes ) until a ea go hen we movd to a much bigger huse .
I lie here with my wonderful fmily basd on my mum Aylin , my a To , my tw relly annoying brothers Hans a Olwer , and my two cats Tig and milla .
Hans is 10 years old a Oliwer is 7 yes old .
In te middle of the suer we always go to Gotad and stay at a am , in a litle house .
I go by ycl to " Fibergaskolan " vey day ogether with my frend Teka , Julia ad Bianca .
I reall think it is a grea shol th ver kn teachers nd students .
I like to dane a t .
On Monday and hursda I dane at a ance - school her , close to " Mör Centrum " , clld C - style .
I dance a mixtue of seet ane and so dae .
I also like riding horse , that is ne of t thing I oen do when we ae at Gotland , by e wy .
Right now I 'm ctually in a riding cose every uday .
We are ju hre gi , and I think this kind of riing is so much more fun than ring at a tabe wh b groups and so on .
I really like Spain , we have been there like si times nd th rason is at my dad has a project tere and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we av the lck to be ae to join him .
I real like to et sush and oter Asian foo , lik noodles .
My favorite estaurat is a restaurnt in Stockolm at Österml alled : " Ne Peekg " it 's an Asian buffé and the ake h bet fo .
My favorite subject in school is roably Swedih , Engsh or biologi .
My favorite bok is right now : " The fault in our stars " becaue s a real good subjec d it is sad but great story .
My fvorite movie is maybe " D " or " Grown ups " because tey r eall fun movies with ome sad momen .
On e holidays and after school I 'm oft with my friends nd family .
I hav a lot of friends in my ew cass and I kew almot evryone of the in my old school ( alle Kyrkskolan ) .
One of my other big hobbies is photographing .
I got oe own camr , it 's a Canon .
e bgges ccident in my ie w proably when I was three eas ld .
It w midsummer nd my mum s outside on the errace .
I antd to go out to her so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger nd ring fingr in th little crevice .
Suddenly a powerful wind ake h door bo up nd squeeze my finer really hard .
I screamed ad it sarted to bleed really much .
My fnger were almst c so my dad wrapped my fngrs in banage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
They had to sew my finger bu in the end everythin ent fine .
Ad tdy I go norl fingers .
I like animals very mch and I want to beco a v whe I ge older . I ave gt a lot of nimals in my if .
hre words h describe me be : committed , anial lver , loyal riend
That w the ot important fact about me .
Emma Öbeg 7A3
I lve in Camden .
In camden ver bloc cont with thre or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass nd old cotes .
Als , ery flat or use has a recylng bag to recle pper nd a plastic container to reyce ognic wst .
The council recollecs , once a wk , doo to door paper and oganic waste .
Thre s been an extensive campaign to limit e amount of water used to water plans a to wash cars .
Wat is more , people ae encorage to collect rn ater to use in ths activties .
Public transport was made accesble by reducin the fares and main it re or studes .
Nowadays the are a lot of informtion aou healthy , in order to ha good food hits , sleep te amonght of hors recomended by specialist doors , t .
For these reaos I consider tat cold be a od option doing ay port ta yu like or y may be interested in .
In my case I real like doing spinning , I use to do it ly twice er we but now I do ha every time I can .
I thik that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when y was approximately 1 hr over your bik yo 'll obably eel taired .
During h process eple wrks a lot thi egs , mixng different posiios and speeds , And he mot mporant thin , t musi is alays running .
If o want to ls weig ths type of sport is rfect because it belong into te aerobic execiss to br the caloies tat we gt eatng fa foo whers it is suitale to people that ony us doin xrcise to entertainment .
Furthermore from he first tm tha I wa in h g I have known nice ad friely portsman o try to ive me advice no only ho improve my techniques but how avod ijury .
Athough it is kid of ard for young people w finished school inall , to understn that it 's definitely not finis yet , eucation do n't sps from then on and it is one of t mot important thigs to continue going to school .
On he h ther hand , oug people in snia do n't realy have the opportunity to choose , if thy want to go or not .
ey fiish school at the age of 23 - 24 including a further study without a chnce of work or anything else .
To this , I think , it is a way which ges in te wrong direction .
T to moivate people for duation , studying a school is a very hard hing if they all know al hoe Imaginations are not going to ppen anyway , whereas peole in Switzrland av to chose very early in ich dircion they want to go an wat their possiilities loo like .
Threfore , education shld be rechable r everyone , in my opiio , as long as posile , but nl if the oa nd possibiltie are clear .
Only if all of tht is gurateed the motivation wll ise .
Now shopping became n of the best way to spd time ith amily or friends , bu not everyone like it .
r th mot of men hoppin is so brig n xausting , u o the women it cn be h best way to mke betr tir oo , becuse they r so hay whe they by many lothes on sae , cheaper tn in regulr price .
I hink that t sopping is not enjoyable for everyone wen in the hop r a rod and very long queue .
Then yu spend more tim in the shop and you will be more tie .
In he g shoppin cetr yr ocke an be stolen by pickpocket and you can lost a l of moy .
Persnally I relly ie shopping , bcuse I am interested in ashio and I like look good .
So fr me shopping is very enjoyabe and I alwas forge about my pblems hen I ry on new clothes , which suit to me .
But I do nt ie wasting my tim too , so I suall do shopping in Monday , because after the weekend sops re away emp .
Nowadays the echnolgy and the society hae chnged in difernt ways and most peop ave mre free time than yer before .
This cold be goo , allthough ome peole sa we ned n't all hi tm and we have to work more .
First of al cod be said tha t society is spending more time oing relaing hing such as ging to t beach or et frieds , a some epert say that we have to spend mr te orking or studying because people is becoming lazier .
In contrast , te technology he been becoming mo useful and it could do wrs ht we a to do se years go nd hvig more free time uld be beter fo us .
Anoter point is that we can meet oe frinds or visit our famiy if we have more free time n hat is always good .
In other words culd be id that if we have ore free time r ife would becme bettr becase we can eny ith friens and do thigs ith our family .
Frome my pnt of view , hvin free tie is prfect because we an do me things that we are fond of and r quality of ife would icrese
Hi Jame ,
hw things are going ?
I hope you 're fie !
You ca n't imagine how I 'm excited about tripping to te UK !
After all hoe letters we sent each othe , now we can mee for real .
I 'm lookng orward beng thee to spen oe time with you .
I 've ever been to ondo and what 's more I 'm scared of big ctes , therfor I 'll literall sck to you wherever we 'll go !
I 've ben searchng for a ot of stuf we could visi one I t there , r xamle Piccadilly ircus .
At a gance it eems ey orgial an articular , is n't it ?
I thn it would be fascinating go sightseeing arud thee d I coul fin so souenir fo my famil .
Oh and gven u 're a huge soccer n like I do , what bout planning a match involin some friend of your ?
It old be amazing !
If y manage to organize it beforehand I 'll have t im to prepar l soccer tuff ( boo e . ) .
Shortly I 'll give you som oer informaton .
Write ck soon ,
Mario
My name is Sylwia .
I was born in Polne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
hen I was 17 I movd to yv .
I sud filolog .
A w eas ago I orke as literal editor .
Now I am working as a jornalist at National Rado .
I hate my o .
o y s why is th .
I 'll tell yu .
First of all I t ls than 100 dollrs r my work .
My programs are for he old pepe in different vilages .
My colleagues ar brain - amaged .
I want to grow .
t instead I am writing abour stupid decorations , illnesses a other boring stff .
ex year I 'll be a PH .
I was oing to be a scientist , u I 'm n sure anymore .
I want to have kids d fmil .
I 'm tring to hose the bst tie r all tse .
a I ope with l that by myself ?
I 'm nt sure .
I ee awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe tha everything wl be OK .
My cuntry was attaked by usia .
o , save us fr he evil .
eah us ho to ove .
Frendship is one of t ot luable etiments for peope , especially f people wh ae in school days .
Maing new friends and shaing interests with others are lays exciti arts of social life .
en it ome to the best y r stdents to ake friends , se upprt ta particpating in comunty activities or traveling are pefrable , however , from were I am and , joining a sports em is the undubtedy te best choice .
First of all , fr th enertic students , oing sports is their favrte .
Thereore , joining a sports team from wre thy n share se interss an relax is h easiest ay to ow eah ohr .
Training in the same sports team , the stdnts can not ol release hm from whol day 's pssure , b so n bid up goo reltionships with others through the comunication and eercise .
For eample , e champions of Olympic Games , China 's faous synhronied diving athlete , GuoJingjn d Wu Minxia , th o gis enjoy a really go friendshp .
They ecame to know each other because they both joined the sae sports team , n en after exercised and layed togethe ; th finally become two envble frend .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always e ain essnc of a sports tam .
Hre , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same al through acit teamwok , ow to contribute to the whole team ntead of ust thinking of slf , ad even how to ngtiate or dscuss wih ohrs , as ell as h to be ptent and ratinal .
Athugh there may be soe argument or disareement ong tudets , I always think hat everything is going to be ok because e sprs em wil be coerent .
Finally , oining a port tea wil prvide a long period of time f suents to get along ih ch ote .
Howve , if stuets paricipate in comunit activities , f eaple , dng vlunteer o in the town 's lbrary , he would ot ae sufficient im to comunicate ih each her snc most of their tme is full of working .
Meanwhile , studts cn lay wth each other duing travlin , but nly seral das a deficient an mos people will not ep in och with others ter te trip .
Sry that I haven't bee in ouch for a while , but I 've bee really sy lately .
w are you ? hv ou something ew to tell me ?
Is everthing ok with your family ?
Wl , I have a od new for u ! I met a wonderful girl at wec whe I went to the cinema .
I was in the queue when I s her wearing a stylih tigh bak ress .
S is pefect , with r long curly dark hair , a her pale skin .
S h a wonderf dy , ut in her face yu a s the perfection .
Her santed eyes nd her sin lips are gorgeous .
I at to itrodce her sap !
See y soon .
Take care ,
José Luís .
" The od Samrtan "
My country 's mdia tis year celebraed a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
s nae 's Roberto Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabu to take ar of e mine 's victims .
He was decorated by the Ialin residen lst une .
In my piion he 's a heo of ou tes .
He ef hs job in a fe and cmfortabl Italia osptal to move in a country that lives a civil wa .
He 's very brve to wk in one of h most dngeros plaes of the Earth .
Hi charity 's sav many lives .
Ever day he wors ha to give sppor to th peop injured by the nes .
In my opinion we nee to han people like m .
We ver forget wat he 's done , we mut n't foge wat he 's dn .
Dr Mr. Leadr ,
I am writing to you , because I 've ear that ou 're plnning a trip to ou it - Ktoice .
We have so many interesting places to vsit , but if I must imit to ol ne I chose t ente of the ciy .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
Frst of all , I have to show yu our theatre d if yo ant to , we an go on an art .
In this tetre perfom fantstic actors d I wul like you to se their be play which is " ckyl n Hide " .
Besides btilliant acto tey hve ncredible ecr a it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to he b op .
I hope you 'll ejoy u city entre , the you can entertain an learn omethng about our city .
It is rely intersting place an I tnk y 'll apprecite this .
In cs of any qusions , please , write me an e - mail I answer them wi plasure .
Yours fathfull ,
Dominika .
I agree th this statemen tat shoppin is o always enjoyable .
Some people like to do shoppg every y .
Some do not like but it is a personal usiness .
Some pele go hoppin to feel bettr f themselves .
If the av bad day or if hey have a good y .
Te to be peole who re dependen on purchases .
I peronally love to do shopping an spend my money o ew cotes .
Wednesday , September 30 15
ea r. Tejda
I am writing to apply for one pot in he summer amps at USA .
I hear about in my English cls of my university .
I am in 5th semeser of Industrial Designer , and I he 500 points in my TOEFL .
Apart fo my studies , last yer I went a camp of my career where I a hlping in the wlome for th n students of he reer .
ak part in the camp a wndeful ecause I heed for planning t activities .
inally I a ster in the kichen I eally njo mde desserts an I was in a urse of cok the last sume in fact I ha experience in e kitchen .
As I mentioned aoe I have xperience in cps , I speak English so I just want an opportunity f show ou .
d I kno my ablities ih kids , I am patient , confient d organize people .
Perhaps mo important , I ffer a histo of proven reuls so I am suitable for t jb .
Please gi me he opporuity to work ih y .
If y would ik to now mor out me , please contact me at your earliet convenience .
I ok forwar to eaing from y .
Yurs Snerely
Alejandrina Gurrero Montnez
Dear Mrs Kate shby
I am writi thi letter to appl for the post of te staff dvertisd in the oitre newspaper of 13 March .
Since graduatig from niversity of Eduactio majring buinss Englsh , I ave een working fo a ood joint stock copany on a contract basis .
I ha particularly interested in dealin with various tes of foods nd meeting ne pepl .
In addition , I am willing to or ong hou for your cafe .
I would welcome t chance to work as a part of your cafe whe I will make a smal contribution while developing my English skills frher .
Meetin new people and setig up new social relationsips are ls the tting poin ttracting me .
In addiion , or cafe is conveniently located near my home hih takes about 10 mntue to go on foot and i have 2 day off a ek that ives me opportunity to challenge a e o .
I am available or intrview on nday morning next week and i am looki forward to hearing from you son
our faithfully ,
Thao
ear Billl ,
I hope this email ins yo well !
Last we , my friends nd I were sected ro the class to go on a fascinating tri to a cntempoary and mgnifient mseum .
At this mind - blowing lace , we looke and gazed at th phenoenally awe - inspiring an nbelievble fossils of ancient dnosau one up to 100 meters hig !
We also mde brilliant mini stats of a type of diosau , I d te T - Rex and my mate assebled a apor .
I luxuriate the mnfacture of h sellinding moes and the it we get to pi in the inosau sp .
I ejyed thi unforgettal exprence to t meum , and hp you ca take your time ut to go oe dy !
Kind Regards ,
Jon
All about me !
My name is Clada , I 'm born in Seen .
my parens nas ar Jan - Erik nd Jessika , I hav one oldr sister a one lde boter , they are twins and ey are 22 years old a their name are Kevin ad Tile , I have two dos Ea d Leia . old .
La is 6,5 months o a Ebba is 9 ers ld .
My favorie tng to do is play sims 3 n is 4 n listening to music , my vorite usc te is rock d of course my avorite ad is Green Day and of urse the my fvorie song is sra hearts(reen Day ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dw part 2(he Twiight saga ) .
My favorite bjects are Englis and msic , mostly becaus I love to sing n play uitr .
I oe iney movies like ry opins and Peter Pn , but I ca n't see dg move because if there 's somethin sa ie t dg di then I will cry .
My farite boos r of corse l the twilight books(I ca n't choose oe :3 )
One my fre time I lay gitar and dance and si .
If I do n't do that then I am with my dogs or with my fends or just at hme playing ms ! A HE SMS 4 AME OUT FOR LIKE O WEEKS AG AND I AM SOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favote od is sushi .
hn i gow up I an to work with music in soe kind , bt if i do n't ork with that th I wa to wk with aimals !
I think he most beauiful building ha I ha visted is the " Monmento a La ndera " .
It 's placed in Rsario , Argntina .
It w built on June 20 , 157 by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to elebrate the Flag Day .
In th ae place where Manuel Belran first raised the Argetna fg on February 27 , 181 .
It as a ower of 70 meters with a viewpont on the o , ad it is fmous f is i la ad h crypt in ribute to Manue Blgrno .
Insie the " Moumeto a La Bandera " o c see istorica objects about the histry of Argenina , in t undrground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
If you want to entr to th hall of honor or enter to th mnument it 's ee but if you want to go up to h viewpoint , unless yo are yunger 5 , yu must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
The buildi is open fo 9:00 to 19:00 evey a .
Hate the or ov them , villains are he funniest par in every story ard .
Since I s a child , my favourite characte ae being he cruellest on .
Why ?
Obviously because in very sor , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than ad charcters , they always wi !
Wha a boring situation !
r example , in Terminator 's movies illai s always stronger and more equipped hn hro , but at th end of the movie the righteous wins t battle .
Fiall , lates mvies are bas on cruel , bad , dirty nd strong characte ! Enjoy te !
In ecet years , scial media sites ha develped and intepenetated our scity as the esentials rapidly .
ere are enormous numbs of sers a over t world , an social media sites sc as Twitter , Facook nd ouTbe are utilied for quiring sme inrmation , contributing eas , sharig phtographs ad communicating beween individuals , individuals and oganiation or between organizations .
Wie social media sit chng ou sociey more convenient and more comfortable as compard it the at , they simultaneosly accmpan sm issues .
Thee r two advataes an a diadvantage of the current scial consequences , and I menton conceival effects of socil media it in the fure .
Bulgran arnts can chose when her childre start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
efre they start school they av to finis preschool .
sually children go to kindergarten up to 5 yers old , n after that th start preschoo .
In is se te sart shoo at 6 years .
Some cildren trt school at 7 yeas l , it deped on when they ar born - at e beinnin or near the e of he year .
e Bulgaran scol ear starts in the middl of September .
So if the child is bor in e frst few monh of the yea , prnts n choose whn ther child ll tart school at 6 ers and few months or 7 yers and w month .
Most Bulgarian prent ar not age hei cidren to star school at 6 ers ld .
However , Bularan govrnmet s tining change e a so a children have to tart at 6 years old .
I thin I ca n't compare eduaton of chldren in chool or tertary educaton btween Bgarian d Australia , because I still do n't ae children and I am not stdding in university in Australia .
Let me introduce ou to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Kotrijk is a mal town , located in th orthrn part of Begium .
It is lso e Duth speakng pr of Belgi .
Kortrijk is neab the Freh border about 15 minutes by car .
The town has 10.0 inhaitants .
It ws bul in the 11th century and is wel nwn f is shoping re .
Ou
After a y of shopping , yo n go at ne of the my restaurants Kortrij has .
ou an choose between seeal types of food su as Japnese , Italian , French ad many thr od .
Of course yu can eat the typically Belgian dish musels wih French fries .
In summer Kortij organises litte concrts .
The concerts attract many pepl frm all oer Belgium .
N Krtrjk is changing a lot .
The last ew eas a lot of builing has been don in the ar .
New ridges have enrihd the town .
Man green zons have been imlemented .
Der i or Maa ,
last week , I a on holiday with my mily in your " New Hliday Village " .
Unfortunately , our holiday dd o live up to e claims de by yo .
We hd a number of problems ; he irt one is concering the number of beds : ou offered space to sep or i pesns so we excepted sx e , u we nly had iv .
So , to of us d to hre one be , which is hardly acceptable
h othr proles is about e offerd exursions : You pmised a number of attractions , t two ( he walk up to he motain as wel as the visit of a istoric castle ) re not availbe .
nfortunately , we also ad prblems with nutrition : In you rochure it s to th we wl av a mber of restaurants round , but in fact there ws on o which as , in addition to that , really expensie .
This is in ou honest opinn not aceptale , because in th brochure you talked about more th one rstaurant .
To sum it up : We were ot vey eased with r holiday as we could not enjoy some of h tings you promised to us in e brochure .
We are the opinio that you ould t oer thins whc are in fact not available .
Yours incerely ,
Anna Olsen and family .
w people 's lis will hange in e future ?
It rquires a rich imaginaton to tr to ut a iw of the futre , first of l e mens of transport will chane , depend minly on the solar energy or the nuclear ergy , a flying ubic transport u will be a fat rie to wr , y will ne to supply yo car with spiache afte they invent a spinache - using ar .
Also th food will change in the futur , capsules of our favourite fds will be available at the futre in the mobie supermarkets , hese apsules turn into your lunh as on as you p a sall amoun of water on it .
In the futr wte will be vry expensive to te xten that you will have to wok three hours of vetime everyday to be abe to pay fr half a lie of clean water , t t ne thing that wl neve cange in the future is t sile on yu moter 's fe when you uprise hr by cleang your bedroom whout uig the robt that belongs to your lder brothe .
I think toda 's telesion is still a god alu , because thre is mo choic ta er befoe .
You n see hateve yu want , whenever you want!here 's always sometin to watch or everybody .
Of course I think tht we should n't watch too muh television .
I think that 's t ony ngatiee point fro today 's television , beause mayb there 's o much choice !
So peple just atc tv the hoe d lo , and stay in their houses .
They jt ca n't stop atching television , eause there 's js so much wat they le to wch .
I think that we houd omise urslves tt we ust wach maximal 1 hour TV eery day .
In th wa , we an enjoy all hat new technlog from tay , and all th enjable tv - prgrmms !
Ths pht shows me ad my best fien .
It w taken on the embankment of Kabarovs .
On the backrund yu can see the river Amu .
On the lt yo can see peple on an obsrvation area .
hy 're enjoying e view .
I was vry excited because it was my fir vis to Khabarovsk in t summer .
e ity looks beautiful in ths tm .
By te way , in tha day Everyboy were celebrating the Day of the ity .
Aterwards we went fo a walk .
We flt happ bcaue we have o en r a long time .
We use to engag in dancing and siging .
When we wer sholgerls we used to spend all our free tim together .
We are living in different places nw .
Luckily , we are in ouc .
It 's not difficult tdy !
Lots of odern messege like atsApp , Skipy , Vier ae it possile r us to tl , chart as much , as we want .
13 July 014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to ur advertsemet in SUMMER CAMPS USA to wor in different siuations .
I am available in summer whenver n wherever .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by Universit Carlos II of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sprt , I lke e country a mountain .
I lso hav a certificate of lieguard .
I have experience wit children bteen ged 10 and 12 , I have worked in t South scool enre for wo yrs .
I hv alwas had a natural biliy to wor wl wt chilren .
I tink that is job I will enjoy orking wth the chilre a taier saf .
I seak English very goo , because my mother is om UK and my fathr is fo Canada , althouh we lived in Spain in or home aays spoke in English .
My CV in enclos .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , u a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework mysl and eal .
I belie that I am suitable for hs job because t sport , the children a e contry are pat of my hobbis .
I loo foward to hearing fom you .
Yours faithfully .
hi year is the last o before going to university .
After so much ime at schoo me pople think te nee a break .
On oe han , it is tu hat laving shoo means passin ro e bis to your future profession .
Afe sixteen yars of continues work , it is the perfect moent to ak a re and enjoy ou life by travellig .
To nw but other cltures n ge ew knowledg ompletly different fom school .
Howeer it uld be a gea time to work ad ea soe money for paying univrsity or simply for avng it .
On the the hand , maye if we have a break until univsity h routine of working and suing every day coud rea .
So wh univety starts , peopl will becme us , the routine ll nt be the same , and as a consecuees the mark will be owr .
to conclude , I hnk aft scol we need apy for unvrsity in order to cntine working in what we like .
he year o shoul be ten fter unersity sudis
As the number of traffic accident h incrasd dramatically ovr te year , finding e best solutions has puttd h government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or ing alternative regulations .
Prsonally , ra safety can t be nured ith eter formr or later mthods .
Insted , it should be a combination of varous actions .
As a matter of fac , sevee punishmens can artly decreae the ate of ofences .
Nobod wat to ay an expensive fne or spen ime in prison , so fear of punishment mit be efetive and prevent peopl to make te ffence a send tie .
Morover , oe 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror at peopl can loo at n vod dig the sa things .
e main ffnces ae diving ver the sped limits , drun driving , drivig without lcences .
s peaties , epends on the severity , could inlude ine , licence suspension , comunit servies or impisonment .
Consquently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving oy , thereore , miimie h amount of accients .
By te same token , a ole method could o slve he trafi roblems as driving offence are nt the oly reso that cause traffic accidents .
Authritie should ent more sfety olic on road and ensure by iproving th quality of traff acilties .
In many devloping countries , gvernent rarely attach secial important to oth h uality and uantity of the traffi system , especially in rural aea .
People easily get accidents when driving in narrod or severely damagd streets .
Furthermore , vhile collision are rising greal due to numbe of unclear ro signs .
Traffic ducation is alo an complsoy meure , especially to young generaions as they cover majority of offences .
Pope should be eduatd carefully about ll he safety regulations and lw when they e driving licence , te ore they know the rus , e ss isks are ten on road .
In general , betterment of reducing traffic accdens is importa .
Therefore , it ould be considered carefully on how to ombin bh severe penalties n many other regulatons .
Puic transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensiv ay to transport neself in te cty .
Hwever , the increasing nuber of r ownersip s een aen place of pblc transportain , providing oe coveience to get around places to lces .
Trveing by cars gives fexibiity in our shedule .
We do n av to concern to cach a bus or trin at certain te .
We cn get on a car wenever we want to go to lacs d drive .
Such convenine of crs n enables us to use o time efficiently .
However , cars can not take ple of publi transportations just for ht convenience .
Maintaining crs is cost asociative .
Driving a c requires to fuel gs , d gas prices are becoming more and re expensive .
In addition , cars require rular maintenance such as o hage and checin tr presres .
Mechanical rolems n fen be a costly poblem .
Unlike public transportaton , one ha to be responsible for h or he tl of transportaion , and it coud be xpenive sometimes .
On the other hand , the pubic transortation is inexpensive .
Not to mention no eryone a affrd keeping a a th ther budget .
In other perspctive , ca rquire to rive .
Drivig is t eveyone can do .
Fo eample , peole w have disabilities n certain diease a not able to drve .
Children ner cetin age a not pemitted to drive .
or toe peole , publ transportton can be an otiml chce of transportatin .
In conluson , cars are convenient , however , it is nt fr everyone ue .
Therefe , the pbic trasportation h i own mes of existence , d there is a future fo pblc transportation .
Dear riends !
Our congregation has carried educational faml caps wit h supot of NNNs Integration programme f 8 yer .
We have a hgeexperience in organising seminars and ams for families wth disabled children .
For many of children paricipatig in thi camp is the ly opportunity to spend time wih te cevas an to feel fuly - fdged members of th society .
Words fa to exprss emotions ta al articipans exerience .
Health improvements of sme hilren ca be considere a miracle .
ll children gt a l of positive etions pening time togeter n lening o to be toleran .
Reduction in fnncial sppor frm orein charty foundations leads to mae our camp nt ssible to happen this ya .
ur buget is fixd or oy 75 eole , it is amot twice a numr of participants las yar .
We do n't ow and we do n't ant to know ho to refus a participation in the cmp to chilren in his situation !
We want ll our children to go to his camp , so we et up a dontion project .
The geater amon of mey ha already en collected anks to the trustee board of " NNN " ommuniy , u we till need aditioal $ 1300 .
We are asking ou o to stay indfferent to sabled chlren and to provide fesible help .
( ssay )
The idea tha newsapers ll dinish by time due to people 's perspective twad surfing t internet for the orldwde news does not necessaril mean tt it a be taken for granted .
Oe of te mos cotroversial ssue nowadays is ta a large sectr of h society deals with newspapers as a aiy routine .
They ca n't withsand o day ithot skmming through their age with a cup of tea in the mning .
To e best of my knowege , it is a ay of having moe ta a way copin wh t lats techologies .
To begin , h ason for decreasing he popularity of news pprs is hat ost pole , rcenty , rely on bein online most of he time to follow the atest new all around h world .
he secnd mi reason is that online ew is fen fe of chage .
hus , popl re ne at ny time d for fre .
On th other hand , newspapers ar presented in a definite plc , wih lmited time in addton ey ae dail payabe .
Whle some y claim that cribility is the mi relible aspect of publishing .
It is obvos that the dily nespaprs hvin a respectful rputation are he one whc could be acpted by thousands of peple .
In his respect , newspapers seem to be more credib than nuerus webtes that ake up fake sories much more than publishing real news .
Furthermore , reaing hbts he ter own taste , specifically fr those lderl people .
Tey enjoy tuning te pages nd eading t headlnes using her eyeglasses .
Tat marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be burid liv as he hav thir wn experiences and influences upn th modn society .
In light of th forong discussin , it appears to be true ha the nternt is an incredible aspet owrd globaliatio even in daily nws wrldwde .
Howevr , the newspapers still av their lea in tha perpectve .
It cn be suggested that combination of ot arenas ill poitively influence the way of delivering ew .
La week one fiend of mine told me about a ew cafe that d just opened near my house and tht he thought it wa a magic place .
At first , I did n't belive that his place would be as amazing tat sh si .
oweve , I accepted er an ad I t he at " Wnderlnd Cfé " .
I have to be honest an recommend all of you this magic place .
It s almos everything that you need in a ca , cmfortable hais ad ofas , beatful eatures and a raly goo - taste coffee tat they ser in most of twenty diffent way and ih l toppings yo c think in .
Althog h mst important thing is tat tere er not ol rendy staff but thy look ke if they were havg ea in Wonderland , ih lce a h White Rabbit .
I strongl recmmen this café if you want to njo an excellent cofe with a careful decorato d brilliant performances in which you a participate whie having a drink .
You wl lo it ! !
I 'm 50 yes l ad I 'm livng in a little ty nme ona .
At my age is very impotant to eep fit so I ride twie a week .
Thi sport is n so had , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not t expensive n could be done outdoors d o in a closed sportshal .
When I came back fom my job , in the afternoon , I wr somehing comftable , take my bike nd go away ve h stet one with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
enever I go t with my bik I stay on the way fr tw hours and I njy so muc this tie r mysef at I 'll remain ousde fo ever .
For everyon who would le to sat this spor is important to remember tha o ae alone with yourself a mus have he power to mrove the tie u 'll say out a neer give up .
The visit is a movi in hic o granpaents get to knw h grandhilden o the irt tim .
ey have ever m hs randparent because her m h a fgt long im wi them eve before they ot where born , that it caused n to kw mo about each other .
he girl is making a film for a school poject about he journey aut nowig his grandparents .
Thn both kids realize th somthing is going ong th thm .
ecuse sometme the start acting really weird ad ater 9:30 pm werd things happen to them , th both kids understand ta his grandparens ar hing a realy i secr .
I hnk this thriller ll get yo nerves o of ou , the movie revels many tigs as it ontiues it 's atully so goo and or tho that are scared aut thrilers , hi movie is moe lie sspens and I really hink you c ejoy it .
When facing a decision on whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , any eople will choose h shppig cter bause you can buy al types of products at once .
Others , incding myself , believe that so in sml stores is the premium choice .
In h following essay , I will outline two eason to uppot my ew .
irt , smal stores provie proucts wt moe unique feaure and different seectin .
ha is to say , most smll stores may have heir own los on mugs or even T - shits an it is mr likely to find hanade products in it .
For nstance , my frien ne bough a ce scuff with ute amal figure in a small store nd I reall lik it after she showed me .
Theefre , he nxt day she brought me back to th soe , we foun u that they d ot ae he same scruff becau it is h nly e .
Although I was disappointed that I could not hve te sam scruff bu this is the fun at tha shop in small stre , u ca alwys id something unique .
Scnd , it is true hat sho in a shoing center is fast an covenent cause n can bu ll types of things togeher .
However , most shopping center provide limitd selections nd sometimes the prc is expensive .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores becae it is oe like to find te one and he only produc whle it also provides a sens of treaure unting .
Te changes on television e evident , it could be because e soiey are changing too .
On television we n see at pple consme .
If tv 's programmes re a lot of rubbis , is becuse sme peop prfer hose .
So , we have to take ce of it .
Mayb , here are a lo of reeats of old pogrammes , but se of them r stl watched for a long nubr of eole .
n sometimes , pogrammes a so aggressive and ves people bad messge .
On t othr hand , thee is some channels , which show documentaries d programmes aot specific sbjcts like cience , at or history .
And hre are musical cannls too .
I thnk tere are goo tv 's programmes , but people do n't giv them he value ta they should ave .
Thee e a lot of old programme , u it is n't a proble .
The televion h stil someing importnt to hw .
I am wrtng to congratuate on the excellent Dumplings Fetivl which I tended in Cacove last November .
I sed a reat tim with my frend , bu I he a f cmmens concering h organisation .
I was far from impresse by a duplngs hich housewves repared .
In my piion dumplin ith spinach tasted geat .
I am ipessed a cabaret h erormed during t fesivl .
Them jes were very unny .
Howeve , there a a couple of small sugestions .
First of a , th vanue itself wa ery crowded n parking alost impossibe to find .
It cud be a goo ia to nd a arg location .
I aw a parets with children but ids did no hve many attractions .
I would like to suggst fre special animators wgo ill entertain kid .
In ddicton tickets were o expense .
you huld think about reducing proces or prepae pecil dicoun for xample r stuents .
ce again plas acept my compliment on a jo well done I hoe you find my sugestions helpful and I look fward oa n even more successful even net year .
Yours faitfully
These dys , h u of technooy is inrasing , especally robots .
According to Russell d Norwing rots e specal maines tt hve intelligence to exeued actvities on thir own or by command ( as ced in Chijindu & Iyiama , 012 ) .
hey rersent an innovation ha a change he wor in disinct way a ae implanted in differet ras of socie ; r eample in security , health , rmy force , educaion , indstres and agriculture .
Consequently , positive d negative social impacts can be oberved by the population .
More accurt surgeries , emotional bnd and incase of comuniation are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts uh as h human dependenc on roots f doing bsi activities ad polluion of enionment can be ited .
This esay wll describe the positives a negatives social consequences of the rbots , and possbe implicatins in he futur .
Each y , the evironment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and hmn e the unique guity of hi issue .
We ed to aalze an investigate the ai prolems to find olutins whh may gt better our world .
Firs of all , transport is te most reevat carbon dixie 's eitte .
As we nw , in all cities a lot of rs ae se every dy unnecessarily .
Proably , if we used up public tranpot like bus instead of private , we would educ the greenhouse effect because of e O2 podced .
Secondly , the ge amout of tter flotin in the ivrs and sea 's water destroys the cosystem nd has a ih viual impact .
Someties , cities get rid of rubbish hrowing it to the waer .
An eas answer could be building mo landfll .
Last , I 'll propose a solution of a cmon an near problem .
Reusing things that we do n't utlie ( like clohes , funiture … ) and gi them a ' econ ie ' .
I think we mst be dw to earth d cretie to cut down our daily ras 's production .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve te environmental problems to keep se ou planet , so we had beter start resolving cosr isue .
If we aoi th , th erth wll get wrs .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm appy that you wro me to sk some advce .
Well , to travel there in razil , you have to choose some plces to go , becaue ere we hve a l of beutiful plces to vit ad av fun .
To hlp you , I nd to ow what do o preer to do .
If you nt to go to the beach , I 'll tell o to vsit e orthast 's aches because hee re the most eatiful beache in te etire world .
You have to pass some dys in Fernand de Nronha .
r tse places , the bes seson is te Summer .
One other pac to isit in umme is the atanal .
Thre you will see on of te most eautiful biome that yu ave en .
In pantanal th weater ir t and wet , d we can dve to the river eeper in the wod nd se he wild animals ik the alligators .
If you wt to come here in te iter , you have to know h South .
There , yu will s bealtiful cities with Eurpea architecture and yu will find nice in factories .
Fr wok , I advise u cm to Sao Paulo .
Here , you 'll fi st of kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , br , tc .
I oe ha I helped you nd see you oon .
Chinese , Snish and Portugues no n of those languagues ae so popular as Englsh is .
Ovr 1 billion people aroun the world speak nglsh as a second anguage because of that it is considered the nivesal language .
Nowadays , it is an obligation to t a better job .
I wl discuss the importance of Elish as a ecnd language in Brazil .
Even hough , tudy a language become asie beause of the nteret , fuenc is harder to get he u study by yourslf .
Brazillians need lean Englih because it pns doors in business a in higher education .
In Bail , regular schools teac fo students e aic aspets of t anguage ad do no let the emerg in t lnguage .
It can explain a little t of Brazil 's lack of English spaers .
Learn Egish as a foregen language wil make a huge impact in razillians ' professional life to get a beter ostion .
To conclude , Brazil h defcincy of nglish speakers .
The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop more students ' langage sklls .
Learn Enlish as a second language will ep brazilians to gt a better j and have ore opportunities in their careers .
It is a ric , graceful ad delightful laguage to learn .
Anna kw that it was going to be a very special day for her .
To the national championshis in smming , she was preparing since last summer .
Tkng pr in it a gning the best pae was her bigest dea .
Especlly since th prevus natinal cometitions when she suffered a shoulder injury ad could n srt .
After al , this is a ha work from an early ae d on e li of players does not ter by accident .
But the dail dies , whch she h as a teenager , d th murderous worout til midnight , uilt in her the sron will to ft .
She kne that beides hr , the rc will be atende by the st girls fom al ovr te country .
Dress in a imsuit , she a waitin in front of a swiming pool for th next judges command .
Onl a e seconds separated her from h jump to he ter .
he judge orere to take place at h sis .
nna looked aain towar the auiene , where e the best fs in t wod wer sitting - her parents , friends , coach d friends .
The l wer keepng thei finrs crossed .
She sam so fat , like a formr fish , ot a human being .
In th water she ees like at home .
Only after a hile , after a few quick nd short breths ocurre to her that she ulfiled her biggest dream .
An on irst prie , regained confidence .
It a e of the happiest ay of her life .
I woud n't like to be a eacher since I do n't like children a lot .
I am nt as patient as a teahr has to be with l his students althoh only some of thm are naughty .
Many of my friends are teacher , they lk their job despite th fact that they ften hae to deal wih lively children or lazy students and heavy parnts .
hee people sometimes think of hir sons or dughters as inncent anges who pen a lo of her time with inexperiencd teachers with no quliications .
Teaching culd be a stimulating working environment for stents and teaches if it nvolvd a rewarding carer an t impovement of teaching skills .
In hs se , teahing woud n't be mnotoous d with no opprunities or prospects .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am ritng to sk ou if yur school ould orgaie an individual course in English for me .
I study English r tw reasons .
First , it is necessay for my jb ; secod it is my hobby .
I av ben studin English o n years . I make sense of th readng , bu I am not good at listnin a writing .
My pronunciation is not lays correct , as a result I ve me problems with lstenin . I know English econoic termnoogy very well but my eveyday Englih is raher poor .
Hoever , my rammar is not tat bad .
I score 56% in my last te .
I oud ke to sig up fr a sumer curse f three months .
I enjo visitin museums , travelling in my re time .
I prfr learning on a oe - to - one bsis , becaue it is more comfortable for me .
I look orard to hearin rom ou so .
incerely ,
Evgenia lina .
da sr ,
my nm is marcos , I wol lk to apply f he o in the summer cmp .
I actualy love otdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years w , and start with motocross since 2010 lo i consider mysef very nice th chidrn an eenaers . hen I as a chil my father and I used to go aming amot evr two weekends , till fu yes ago , because he is no longer be ale to stay out of te cty , but he tauh me all tat i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know ow to do thns in th woods .
Also I am chef , so I can assure ou that I will be helpful in h kiten , I have be cooking for a large aunt of pople for 7 years in a realy bi restaran .
I will ommited yself to do e best to ke yr summer camp one of he best
sincerely
marcos rodrguez
It is sd tat no future or pubc transportation . I think it wen I as youg , ut it is changed ile I am getting older .
Bu it is hanged ecently , I fell own d hurt my nee , so tht I can o drive by yelf .
Now I ned it again .
There r a lot of beneis by evelopig public trasportation .
Frst , it is more onveniet .
Most developed countrie developed h public transportation sytem to low he impt of gwing population .
Then , it is cs effecive .
Shad cost let te hge expense on deelopig and uildig the public stem possile .
Fnlly , it is environmentally .
Public transportaion is prve les energy cosumptio .
I stil thik the public transpotation stem wil be growng on in such a crowded era .
Ho on haven't o use public transportation ? do ou are tat there is no future r public trasport ?
I personly thik so , te reasons are as elow :
First , As we al knw , Cas play a very important role in r life , h more and more cars come into our famil .
Also travelling , of cours , that 's a big part of the function of the c !
The very el develoed highways , roads , ciy strees provide a good fountion f te cars , look at he North America , he highways ee develped anywhere , it 's ally your ow lose if yu do n't dri a car , drive on he(highways )
Scond , Human stat to learn drving at te age of 16 , and they n master the diving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drie to herever they want to go , and we so se popl at h age of 80 still die to thi dstiations as they got used to it .
so who care to bother aking the public transportation anymo ?
Third , Th public transporation uks , hen o ink abut it , y n icure e crowded subways , irt ses , and t ificulty / hussults between te public transportation ransfer in yo nd .
h wste ime also should weight in , whther it is waiting for th trains , or waiting or t elaed uses , nt to mntion th longr im it takes compared to travelling in a car .
And driving yur on r can be very convnient oo , it can right come to your o arae .
Al in all , Public trasport is t as fs as a r can be ; it 's nt as convenient as a car an provi , so it 's uture is in doubt .
I age with thi statement that bein sf is btter than feeling sorry .
There are t three follwing reaons .
Firstly , no e like to be a .
Li is full of go things why do n't we lok to th full si of the cup instead of lookng at the ept one ?
Big a ad orr will destroy you life , because y will no be abl to work , at and ie in a good way .
All of this wil afec ur le badly , maye you ill ose ur ob or your health will nt be good anyore .
econdly , Eveybody seek safetiy in their lives .
Look around ou , cres and death ar srounding us , all thi people ar dreaming to lie a peaceful le without all th aspects of killng ad sadness .
Pope are fighting as tey can to only rech a cal ife where everyone of he can be safe .
Thirdly , I ive two yar without eling safe and comfortable .
T ar in my cotry ma me fe no lger safe .
o ht reson I beleive tat being afe is absloutly ettr than srry . I wi always remember my dad telling me to calm own , saying ta t life il go on and onday all of us will be stsied wih ti life .
In conclusin , I think that all of us shol see trouh ro -tinte glasses and be happy , because you liv a calm lfe whout anything mkes u sorry .
Be someon amus o a day
If I could change plces fo 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevrria
I start telling something abot ula Echevarria , s is a very prey and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 yars od and she is married wit David Busamente o is a poplar and hadmesome sinr in Spa , they have a daughTer , r nme is Daniela and they are lik a perfct family .
I have chen aula eause se is poular , famus , rich n she has the perft husband but above l I choose her bcause she is friendly , ntelligent an h is lwys smiling .
Therefore she has everything good aobt being a celebrity but e most imortat is that he is a grt perso .
e me conclude by sain that I would ik to be Paula for one ay because N only is h a good professional ut lso a wonderfl role model to be folwed by veryoe .
I would like to talk about my hby of breeding bis , this hby is vy peasant to me and also or many peple , especially we o ha differnt kind of singng brs li cary or finches … .
This hbb give me pleasue nd god ses of natue , especialy when I wke up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
At reent , I hae three kinds of bid , o of hem is yellow cnary , te seon one is finc , and the third oe is cmbinaton of two kinds of bids , Each bird has hs wn special voice .
I 've started this hob snce 207 , and sin then I hv tried to ave many different kinds of the siging bid , I spet one da in t week to tak care of the , feeding tem , cleanin he cages , change the water .
I would ike to recommend ti hoby to many people , because it give us t sense of natu , and fills te house with e joy and ppiness .
By increasing the veriety of car with new technolgy , peope 's demand hnt ' stop .
But are these new comers ill be pacd by publi trnsport ?
As technology nhanced t lie sstem in any way possibe , peopl becom re dependent an ca n't avoid it beacuse of many diffeent attrctios hat hes ar hve .
Anthe reason r using their wn car is hat ey acess in a secon .
Furure more , there are advantages travelling by a a , like seeing the scenery ad als the costs is les in cmpre to pane .
Bu it 's not possible that eer on hav and use their own ca .
In this case thre will be a hue hos .
raic am will cst a ot , suh as polution wch cetainly cas more health problems and will make expense not only for us but or h others as wll .
e solutin is publc transport again , wich enhace h pace of life ad ak easy acsss by subways and special rods .
On h other nd , by icrasing the population we shold evis th regulation with e fst pce of tehnolog .
To sum up , as thought h cars re too coenient to sme extend , but e co ill rece the benefit .
So for sure we wil use pbli transprt but ybe wit some hange .
Dea r or Madam ,
I am writin in reponse to yr advertisment for h job in UA summer camps .
I am nteresed in applying for this position .
I am 25 year old and have just finisd the uversity as a sprt teacher .
I think I am suitable o this position becae I am hardworig an eergeic .
I as hae the proficiency ( CP ) egree and I hae been to te USA several mes so my Eglish knowledge is god .
urtheremoe durn my studies at niversity I have wore in 2 proects ased on pors activities for chidren ad 7 - 13 , organising thm .
Expt fom that I am gtting el with cldren d have no prblems to work in the itches to .
This job wud give me he oprtunity to atise my skill a gt re exprience wth children as we .
I am free for he jb from th 20 of May until t 15 of Setember .
I am available for an iteriew evey y fo 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forar to hear rom you .
Yur sincerely ,
Ai Dresler
Speaking English is becoming essental f students and workers .
o thi reason , scool of English are openig in al he big cities as well in most town .
Studying Eglis in our country let you coniue working or udying without hane our hbits .
Aywy , it ust be take int accunt that Eglish courss ae otn very expensive , n you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
In fact , uually hee is jut o cls per ee , and it is not eouh without studying by itsef uring h week .
Studying Eglish abroad is the betr ternative , bt it have advantages and disadvantages .
On oe had , ling broad will be pobably no cheap , so it coud be neeed to find a ob , b it would be at t same tie an aantage : wokin th Engis people would help you improve quikly ur speaking d lisenin .
On t other hand , living abroad you 'll need to pek English l te time and yo 'll have t opportunity to learn nglih in a sho ie , and in a ot boring y .
So probably , if you he the oportunity to sty broad several mnths , ou shoul do it , to learn English n lv a diferen exerence .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this reprt is to giv som advice to l of you who like shopping .
In ordr to impoe the time you send on it we will recommed you to sr in one of us mlls where you can id at your disposl several facilities , from he most fashionable shop to h most traditional .
Frst of a , coin to a mall il ep you to deal with th , lo , we ave to rate positivey h wide range of services you can find here : restaurats , coffee shos n some free areas to spare .
Anther advatage is that y ill fnd most of he sos ou can find in h it cnte but you wo n't gt los while yo search them .
For al of you h hv kids o will als be inteeste in te diferent area whh take care of them or fre as much time as you ned .
I wuld strongly recommend hi at te nap time to allow he to lax , otherwise ou il ave to leav oner than o expected .
In conluion , you wll save , ime , mney and a oot ache so acpt my dvie d try to enjoy the rest of the time of h city .
I am going to write but a short str that I have ea from h book : nd all r loe .
title : h kimno .
Written By Herbert rnes Btes .
There are two main character .
The plot is abt a man , Arthur , twenty - five eras l , enggd to a nice grl .
Arthur en to Lodn to an appoiment for a j inteview .
Te comany rqested im to go back three days later , so he was looing for a hoel that someone ha recomemded him .
He g lot and asked abot the htel in a cf wne by Blanche , a beautiful gr .
He w delighed wth her and fel in lv immediately .
This changed his life forver .
He Forgo is engagement a et to lie with Blanche .
But all was not as wonderful as the expted .
twenty - ive yeas latr he egrets hs decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
I chose hs story because even thogh is novel s wrien in the erly twentieth centuy , th underlying theme , is still current tody .
And lso I would like to highlight at reflects the impotance of eer decision we ke nd ho it an change r futue .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atcaa 33 " is a recent American movi tat ells the real story of a gru of ners that kee traped in a mine 00 metres underground in Chil for w months .
This group h a lder called Mario aas starrg Antonio Baneras .
e fil is well - devlopd and shows he audience every litle isue d difficulty hat iner ad to go through .
Hoever the first 17 days in the oie coud tun a i tediu becue he director focsed in every ingle feelg of the trapped mn an thei familes .
fter ht pse he rescuers fund he lace whe the miners were hdng an te moment for rescue them sartd .
The characters ee perfect as soon as they were peole frm Chile and Bolva th er involve with h real accident .
Antonio Banderas ade an excellent wrk acting as a deserat leaer committed with the cal people .
Desit ome details , I think you ca n't mis is fil if you ant to know he trt of he recent mirae called " th Chlean minr " .
It is universal knn that opping is not always enjoyable .
Hoever , ohe peoe think in the oosite direction .
I agree that shoping is not always enjoyable .
Everyo know that shopping is a good w to spend time d get poitve emoons or jut rel .
Een though shopping can make bd affet on our health especialy we can fee ire or exhausted in he end of hard day .
At the me time there r on more opnon tat shoping is alws enjoyable .
Pope dcare that shopping can make or mood btte what in cosequence will make as fn .
As for me I do n't agree wt these people .
Qut oen in te shopin centre is not enug air d as the result you can get a eadahe or just fel bored .
In conclusion I would like to y that there are different iws abo shopping ad it 's not surprise becuse we are all dierent .
Do we need h intent to ejo life to e ll ?
Inenet has ben deloped a lo o th last years , and we can use easily r ding any aks .
u it is a go invetion or the wrld ?
To awer these quetions we hve to analyze giving some postive and egative arguments .
On the postve sd , e use of internet hps us to fd easily n quicly a lot of informatio ht talk but all the topics .
hat is more , we ca only he to press one comter ey to id ht we re searcing .
For this reon he st peole hav Internet at home .
On the negative sd , th s of Intert can be a aste of ime in ou lis ; his happens because althugh sear is faster , we a ditract looking at other thing on account of the attractive of the Intern .
Following th above argument , this is the danger of spnd hour and ous surfing te web a not ben in eal world enjoying t live .
To sum up , the Iternet is a good and eficient istrumen if we ko the corect use of it .
If t , it could be a waste of time tat can produc th opposite meaning of enjoying the lif .
owadas it is vr feuent to met new person comi rom broad ho speak different lnguages n speak about thei home countries .
his makes us cris to learn mre about foreign cuntries and teir cultures .
t to larn nw culture we must nw her languages , especially if we an to travel .
Due to gloalizatin thee re ore and mr ultinational companies ha require employees who can peak at least fent English ut if a andidat knw mor langages he can hae more carer chances and hieve o level postion .
In my opinin it is very important to sek seval languages o nl for above resns b also to ain brain , to ae the oppotunty to find a job abrod a , hy not ?
, To hae more fun with friends whom we now in or summer hlidays broa .
Unfortunately it is very difficult to larn foreign languages when we are adult so it is exemely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
T dobell rang insistly , It ws Studay , in th earlie morning ad I still was in bed .
Te ast low oud of the dorbell finished to wke me up."I am not draing " I thought , ¿ Wh is ringing at this time?Then I jumped ot of the bed and went dwn fast the upstais .
I ill a in pyjama , so I d n't pe the door fast .
First I ake " ¿ o is ringing so aly?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a faiy voic souted me throughou the door .
You do n't think opning the door at you little broher¡Oh rother!I shted ad I n to open de door .
Wht are you dig here ?
and He held me strongey .
hat mazig surprise!I was very eoconal and as about to ry .
But You were in Ireland , What a ou doing here?I wo n't exec y .
I would wat to do a surpise sister!I is you .
I am so far fo om .
It is ometimes er hard or me .
Oh I mi o too and I a loing frward to y .
I'm ver xcited ecause of yu re here .
We a finlly together .
It 's for three onths since I wa in Ireland vising you .
I he you are a lot of time now with me .
es .
I 'm oing to stay on week .
I'm on holiday schoo .
er Jane ,
Thanks r yor lettr , it was so nic to her ro yu !
How are you ?
I belev it is amazing he pject that ou a doing .
In answer to your question abou h us of intent beyoung popl of our age , I tik it is very helpful to get information eser a iker .
Although , it plys a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matt of seconds we can now communicate with peopl around the wrd , heter for important business matters or jst talking to a riend .
Nowadays , h Intene is very ueful , it has ay ways of helping people sch us with thr omework , using Ggle , or entertaimen websie like Youtube , eail websits suh as Hotmail , and te nber one social etwork ste , Faebook .
Evidently , we can t imgie ow mu me we spd oline , becaus we a the whd a connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at ork .
If ere is anthng le yu want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
Stefana
My fvurite wy to tvel is by tran bcaue I love watchin sceer through th winows .
I think it is a bohmian trip o ecause the rin use to be one of h most appreciated means of transport in th liteacy .
We you take a train , ou c read n fe like Phileas Fogg in " Around t world in 80 days " .
I el better whn I travel over gund because I ve fear of heights .
Although experts y t plan is the safest ean of transport , I cotinue thnking It is vy dangerous .
robably , I 'm afai of lanes becaue t mia se to show plne accidents or oftn .
The oat is a vry beautiful y to travel , but I 'm sure when I trel by bot in the future , I 'll feel nxety because I 'll be surroundd by ter .
In conclusion , my an prolem is e cocern bot how fe is th means of transport ht I ke , so , e tan et me to be mor reled ha thr ways to travel .
Voleyball is a compete port were o can xercise a your mules .
It 's a spr where two teams play on a cou , wich is separated or a ental net .
The players hav gt a ball which has to ros at the other sde .
Eac team s got a limited nmber of taps to return e ball .
The ba , usually is h ith ads and arms , but also with y par of dy .
A feature of he volleyball is that h players have to rotate their positions whle they are getting pits .
In ct , I ejo playing vollyball because it is a fun sport whch you can prctise with a lot of people , eleven people concrtely .
I suggst at th w playr of vollebal th they ha to start step to step .
It 's a sport that loks like easy , but ou n injure easily .
Put comfortable cthes and suitbl shoes .
Yng eople may confront some hath ises , making a choices , ike fo drugs and alcohol an also a negative body image , incuding crash dieting , eating disorders and obeity .
Noaays th ha to or thouh a o of issues while tey e in tei adolescenc , th begin to hav lc of ef - steem , depresion , soial pressre , a al his can cause a lot of roblem .
I 'm gig to wit about e obesity , a lot of eople do n't a correctly , tey consume a lo of jn foo and th caus effects in their health .
They ha to realce that if they continue atin that way nd not doin ay exercise th are more liely to hv different diseases .
May a t of people tht a fat do n't have the me to do exercise , or hy have othr easons , but that is not an excuse , te ve to have the hait of e healty fo .
Aoher probem is like the ju food is ealy eap , even chear hat h heathy food , and people pefer to buy something cheaper and at 's a bi rolem .
The need to cate a new lifestyle habit to rece h obsity nd hav a beter by image , ey shod have a healthy eating , and phscal activty .
Al his to be in yur perfet healthy bd .
I wn to a wokshop about t liht controlled synthezer .
To t to the pla they were holdig the worsop in you had to come to the Chest Beatty library and hen the gdes arrived and led you to it .
On the way there evryne who partiipated in the workshop stopped to uy some snacks .
We were told to choose bicuts and e guids paid or us .
When we reached he worksho th kids a I we told to u on protective glasss and give bokles wit the instructions .
We er taught w to solder t wires toether and hw to slder a wire to a vero board .
We were instucted to make a bade that flashed dfferent cloured lght by using soer to attch th d and batery hatch to te badge .
Then we had to follow the instuctions in the bolet to make the synthesier .
At first I s quite confused bu then n of the nstructors me d lped me out .
Ater tt we had a snack and th went on to assemble al e parts together .
We put hem in metal boxes and turned th on .
Eac sythesizer emitted a lou nose .
Whn h lih sensor is in the shade , te synthesizer mtts a lower pitch , an we h senso is exposed to ligt t snthesizer 's pitch raes .
I oked as an Advoate ( olcitor ) fo a piod more ha four eas an from those jobs I gaine lots of experiences about minute aing , dealing with clies , arranging meetgs n handling cases .
I am a proficient sr of Microsoft ofice pkages .
In my first placement I hd to eal with lo of cases elting to violation of hilden rights .
I woed voluntarily or some cases abt Juvenile ustice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of thir rights whi they wer ner custody , custodial death t . )
I worked on a project about hw edcation te fundmental ghts for children under 14 eas of age is denied in some communit .
This jb is relted to subject of my nterst .
I my sond placemet I had to perfrm ls of administratie work ncluding typing .
I ad to work as a liase with clients as well as th compny oficils ( sne Shram L Consultants is a part of Sriram Group of Companies ) .
h aticl an t lecture ar aout the attitude towards taking medical experiments on animal .
The author lams that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human sufring en if it demands rearch conducted on animals .
Te lecturer opposes ths ia , as , in her oint of vie , medical experiments on amals are n to be ken .
Firstl , the utho informs us aot impossibility to discover new ype of drug .
h lecturer ansers bck , saying hat different ypes of edicie av different impat on different species .
Sconly , th uthr suggests that it is ipossibl to replace experiments on animals wih ayting ls .
Te lecturer disagrees with that oin of view , becaus it is possible to nroduce computer substituio or do rsearch on tisues .
Thirdly , e athor consders suc tess to ep anml sufring to a minimum .
The lecturer argues tha as a biologist she used to see aimals uffeing without approprite aout of anesthesia .
The topic of the two passages is bout future use of hyrgen based fuel - cell enine .
Te article staes that the st efficint substituer of internal - combstin engines will be fuel - cl engines , because of their seeral dvantage , whie the lecre refus thi pit by stating hydrogen does not have so many adatages .
First of all , he reading pasage ys that intral - cobustion eine relies on petroleum , which wi be depleted soon , u hydrogen ill not delete easily .
The professor contends hs point by xplaining th hydrogen is , in fat , not easily fnd .
She dd that it is not irectl usabl , because ydrogen should be obtain in pure liquid state , which tecnologcally is very hard to be ke under -200 deres celsius .
Secondly , the article states that this hydroe use wi solve pollution probls , inasmuch as it does ot s caron dioxide , u water .
The professor contradcts the idea by sayg that wil not solve t pollution problem , because it rquies to be purified in ode to be used .
She explains tat in h proes of purefication , a big amut of coal d oil is bured , which pollutes facories rather tan the environment .
Finay , e artile says tha the ue of hydgen is ighy economic , becue it rquirs only half of th enrgy of internal - combustion poweed cars .
The prfessor says tt the clam in utre , becau the mteral , rom wch the cells are produced , is very expensve .
he explins pltinum is vr hard to find and without ths metal it is imossible to prodce hdroen .
An Unexpected Succss
I am a fairly calm prson and I am interested in reading every kd of boks therefore I ae a quet life .
Last Spring , howevr , something happened whc surrised eeryboy , especilly me .
My ittle sier waned to lean to lay e piano so se joined a muc school which organised a concert perormance at the d of the course .
I went ih h n I waie r er te whole lsson .
It means that after some months I wa abe to read the heet music .
But a few months before t la , disatr ourred !
My sisr had falln dow r bk an hur her wrist .
Unfotuntely , s cold no loger play .
The teacher ad to me ' Cold ou pla in the pace of your sister ?
ou are ale to rd the she music and I thi you will learn to play he pin in a while . '
I ws absolutely terify as I a to sh .
Howver , the teacher persuaded me to try to la the piano .
Onl hen did I relis th I was keen on payig .
As a eslt I sen the time playing t ano unti I felt far mre conident .
T da of t concer I as so nervous th I could n't stp waling .
But when I strted , I elaxed and felt like I was he only person in he teatr .
At h end of the play , everybody applade , neer felt I so well .
I am going to play dfinitely h pio fr a log time .
A perso who I admire
n of the person who I admire is Martin Luther King .
He s a paso of Batst huch and he ouht gaist h dicimiation of black peoe in e Unated Stes in e 60 's .
He founded t movemt for t civil rights d to free a black peple to h rcil segragation ad equality .
He paticipatd a o of tis on e meeting , ike a leader , he went aganst the a for several times .
He ha decide not u the vilence in this kind of movements , becaue he was concentrated about foght again the Vietam War and povery .
The other reason for Marn Luher King was the right to vt for t froamerican eope .
n of his most famos speeches wa " I hv a dream " , where he discrives e equality of the society beetwin waith and blk people , where l popl n iv toether .
He was murder in 168 , in Menphs , he s 39 years d .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
Introduction :
T aim of this rport is to asss the mos interesing sos for tourists n make soe suggestions .
Shopping facilities :
Most people e stisfied wth shops in my own in pite of bng qute small .
wever , the relation between quality and price of the poducts r believed to be the mt sential pnts to visi Cáceres .
In geneal , shs ar cndened in a specific zone so that tourists ca find wat they are interested in er easily .
Suggestions :
In geral , touists thik shops should be opened during middayas the a foreigners and le to by tins atr watching sights rund the city .
It is thouht hat h bs shops in Cáeres re fon in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitrs in that moment of t time .
Conlusio and recommendations :
Overll , the ajority of h tourists pefe to buy ypcal prduct from th region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a mal in Sa Jua Square while people wl rund to see the min lotes shs ituated in the ai street beoe to go to t herite on .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to ead you and I wi you to come to Russia for yu holidas .
o know tat ussia is a big cuntry and ther re a lo of places to sit .
In ou country here a fw different climae zones ith ey ic nure , arious cities wt old ad prominent hisry a culture .
I 'm rety sure tha your joury to Rusi wil be a ey good and interesting experienc .
Firs of ll , you can come to Moscow .
As you know , Msco is te capital of th Russi Federation , it 's a vey fas , enegetc ci with lot of hins to do and to se .
In the city there r a l of museums nd ar glleries , theaters nd lubs , fe parks which priveds differen vent like open - air onerts or publc muster - lsses .
Of crse , y must isit Red quare , the Krmlin an Sint Basil 's Cathdal .
I srogly ecommend you to bok on - li tickets to Big Theater nd visit it 's opera or balt .
o now the Bi Theater is e of e oles in ssia with er rich taditions of balle shol .
Maybe you remember th famous Diaelev 's easos hih were poula in Europe in e beinnig of the 0th century .
Nowadays atist of the Theater ty to ee that od schol an dvelop hir mastery .
In addition , few years ago t Big Theater a restored and d aied it 's original appearane .
There is no necessy to describe al sigtseing in Mocow , you easily cn fd it in te Intret , I just want to sy that I 'm sure , u 'll lk it a o .
After Moscow yo can visi town of the old Ring .
It 's a range of t oldest Rsian cities whic er centers of te prinpalities drng the ancint period of Russian hiory .
Here you n feel he spirit of antiuity and e huge contrast between Moscow a provincial Rusia .
Y il undrstan that pople her and thee are ery different an sles of their ives are dissimilar .
Hell my friend
o know at wek Al n I wn to my favorite and concert , it was reall fun , the whle ad lne up played abou an hu and a half , it seemed to me ike just a fw mintes .
hy played al the greatest its frm the 80 's and sme other songs rom teir new lum .
eple were really exited bot te show they just has three attie changes but the show w amzing , e lights n h sound as fanastc .
I culd n't wit to lite to my favorite sn unti hey payed it , it was the bet experiece ee , I ih you cld be there to see that .
pe you hav th cane to e each other xt moth .
Wtite son
Regards .
Terry
DEAR ARY ,
NICE TO HEAR RO O AGAN .
IT 'S BEEN SO A LNG TIME SINE WE WROTE TO ECH OHER .
W ARE OU AD YOUR FAMILY ?
MY AMIL IS VERY APP TO ME YO !
I'M GOING TO GVE YOU SOME INFORATION BOU PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NALES AND I HP HY'LL BE USEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND YU GETTIN A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TO EXPENIV .
I THN TAT THE EASIEST ETHO OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDEGROUND ; NEAR H TRAIN IN GAIBALI SQURE TERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YO HAVE TO ATCH AND YOU HAVE TO T OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIAO STAIO SO WE WILL TAKE A ALK UNTIL MY HOME .
AOU THE WEATE I CAN A TH N IS STILL OT , BU NE ONT WIL BE COLDR , SO I SUGGEST TA YOU SHOULD P OM SWEATRS IN YOUR LUGGAG , AND AL ME HGH HILLS BEASE WE'LL GO TO T DISCO !
L T BEST ,
SIVIA
Some peope claim that universities ad colleges should not spend a reat deal of mney on sports d social activits , as their budgts shud prioritize class an lbrries .
owever , as educational institutions , univerities n college hv an obligtion to provide a id range of knowledge to their students to help them devlop acaemicall and ocially .
let us loo at an example fo a univesit stdent .
he student a a grat deal of assighmnt and projcts , so he pnt more im to access the libabry , becming more ambitin to stud book and uin a computer to searc latest informtion .
Sometims he felt trd to do pars , going h gym to play basetball .
Therere , not oly did he get hg score in the rports tt absorbine a eat eal of nowledge at the libabry , t ruce the study stress and aintain healhy in t gym .
I had a imilar experience .
when I studied in th university , I t in the clases hou by hour in a day .
hn I finished classes , I would ke to acces the health center no ony to do exercses , bu I culd maintain healthy .
Univesity , I also have a o of assighments , so I lie to go to libary to study where is mor quietly , sacious and interne accessible .
That 's why I like to go to school in terms of go facilities and widespead information to facilitate me to be a successful prso .
Sports and socl activiti cn greatly improve my efficiency .
In addition , my academics education lso stand out in my student life .
r thse reasns , I maitain at universtes an olleges sould send enugh money on aademic education and socia movements to prepare students fo thei utue development .
Academc ducatin will always be at th eart of a unvesity .
In universities , sorts d ocal actiites shuld by no means take t plc of a focus on academic stu .
I believe ha universities nd coleges shoud spen dequate budget on academics as well as orts and socl activities .
Teenagers usually do n't knw wh to study bcause they el confusd .
It is a eat ie stae but at the same im is difficult , sometimes teeagrs av problems ith ter famiies , wh temseles , as a result he do n't ow hah to choe .
Many mes wen people leave high school and he go to Uiversity , tey realised afte several months ht the caer thy had hosen it is not fo them .
In the other hand wen tenaers take a year ff is helpul for them to bcome atre .
Yu can work , travel , going to an exchange study , est a do omthing hat you are interested .
A lot of peole think is a waste of tie , u tt is not rue .
en studen entr University afr they have ten a ye off wer eole ave he caree afte severa mnths becaue they now themeles bettr .
I 'm interesting in doing a course in yr chool .
I 've bn studying Enish fo igt ears d o I wan to improve my English level because I ne it in my jo .
I ave an intermediate eve a I 'd like to seak nglis better because my pronunciation is n't very we .
My gammar and writing are god but as I 've said early my pronnciatin is awful .
I 'm available to start h couse immediately n I want both an eght - week intensive course and an e - monh summr curse in August , when I 'll be on holiday and bsdes I 'd ik to learning in sall groups because the teacher can focus on i pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading Enlish books and going to the shopping wit my mothr .
Twenty years g , no oe would thk of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphoe and o they could chage our ive , bu today , these itms hv become te necessites of our aiy ives ; nowadays , many eole just got into t hbit of carryig their smatphoes no matter where they go .
Avet of science , weter it is in the scientific research or in te designs of cnsmer products , has chaned our lve and wil definite ee changing our live in the future .
Ipad , smartphone , gentc food engineering , all of th have on thi in commn -hey changed ou lies dramatically .
ake genetic engineing as an example , on the one and , it elps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the ter , it make people believe th scientists can help in finding more efficiet ways in producing more crp nd poutr in th futre , resulting in an unprecedent nrease in human population , whih brings polluton to he environment .
To ope it he probles of or - popultio ad polluon , pole need to raatically change hir lives in he ex 50 years : hy a , amon othr thigs , fe tgh birth cntrol nd environmenl protection measur imposd by te govenment .
It is sad to y that h future genrations have no hoic ut have to adap to e changes in rder to surie .
Dear mr , ms
My name is teios I am a 15 year od kid an am sending this leter to apply for the job at U UMMER CAMPS.I believe tat I am uitable for the job n I hop th yo 'll agree .
To begin it , I am a luent speaker of Elish . I've wred in a noumerous camps he pevios summer .
As a esult , I culd be ey helful in oranising spot ad actiites but I col aso provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
Furthermore , I am heerful , energetic , an I am doing wl wi kids .
To conclude I believe that I am iea fo the o and I wold loe to work with e USA MMER AMP so the kids who go there can have her est summer holdy .
yur sincerely ,
Stios Metaxas
I watche the film on month ago and it has really impressive and engrossn efect .
The fim tls abt a movie shootig and advntures of filmng team hic is in Boivia .
They try to make a film which explains o Christoph Colomb conquered to Amrica and mentin about what Coob 's as er .
They come across wit som problems while tey e shooing te ilm and this supply quie a few strong highlights .
The bot of them are imperialism a poverty .
Actually , hy nt to dscribe he hitory of discovery and cnquest by a critia perpectie bu ile shootg the il , appear sm protests aginst the privatization of aer and th tea fal it a cha nd then lm starting to give om social , poliic essages .
The mesges a very ipotant which effect me .
The prate copanis y to kep puli 's all waer hich is vital to live , rain is in dangr ; Een the rai …
he crucial pont is transformatins and exprerienced contradictions of he charactes .
In or imperialist and capitaist World , we need moe films or rthistc influences whi entio te robles about or life a realities .
I do n't think hat there is no future for blic tansprt n I agree ht travelling by ar is muh more convenient .
If th goenment provide good transport infratructure lik moder a comfor bse , traffic re Meto ine he peoe would rather to us public transport than travelling by car .
Now a days olds are facing te big issues ie climat change and carbon emission .
Governent shoud promte e good mde of tansprt in rder to reduce arbn emission and people wud be encouraging to go green .
ay times because of hu trafc congestion on rod we waste our time . while using public trasport like Mero sae o times .
The are any cit in wor , planning to ar ree dy and promote to e of public transpor .
Departmn stoe are found in all big cites .
ere you can find alst eveyhing u wnt .
In this ft - moving world , hpping is the one of he most imortnt things but I strongly elieved it is nt always enjoyabl .
Fist , shopping comples r ull of brnhes of ig han - stoes , so this an be boring to walk throuh them for a ng ime .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping hbit , o will buy more and mor tigs you do n't need , so that you a have a poblm with yu budget .
In my opnio here is he reason hat soping is no always enoyabl and full of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A NGER PIECE
I always lo writing .
I ve alway loved reading .
o never know what yu are going to fd wn y re eading ( or wrtin ) an es if you are doing it on th Internet .
There are suc an nteresting websites nd blogs where you can find ut somethng very uefl ha yu would he never expected or unsurprisingly , misinfomation .
HY BLOGS APPEL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITRS
Many people will nd blos nd websites usul in ordr to meet new people .
We now ha makig social contacts can be ometimes a proem or a wide ange of peopl , who sometime fnd it a lnely n dauting experience .
However , on he internet yu n ind not ly meetng ponts but praticl a vry thought - provoking ricles in bogs .
In my perience , being under the scren of a personal comper wl ou be abe to show a exhnge ideas or opiions easil as if you have to do in frnt of someone el .
owever , oth readers an writers t only do it as an altruistc and philantrpi way bt to get fame and poularity at th same time . logs and webstes coud give em h cnce to came famous if ty really appeal to a large amount of pple d they will abe also available to er money thanks to he publicity .
Consequently , we should nver blind trust in everything we see or rad on te Interne .
HE BLOG I FOLLOW
To giv an example , I usually folow a blog whos main task is to inform about novelties of new ad old sere , characters , ew sason a when hy will be rey to watch them aga .
If they give us reliable information or not , it usually dpend on t surce .
ht 's the ont of Intere .
o ms n't tak everything into acont .
To clarify what he situation is , it is tut that not everbody ma be interested in blogs or webites b e fact is writing or readng in a blog coul give to people a actical way to communicate d sare prefeencie , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
Peer looked at his whach d knew tt he had to do omething immediately .
Firsly I ant to explain why hose words cam to Peter 's head .
He as hutig a ot da in summer in the country near Monragu it Jon , a ried fo Madrid .
Jn d n't use to go to the countru , so he did not know how to walk over the stones a he was afrid .
Aftr to drink wte form the botle , he fel over the gress nd Pet saw tat n 's e was broken .
Tee a a lot of blood ad was en he Peter loed at hs whah and kew that he had to do somethin immediately .
He hought ht they must go at h Hospital quicl , so Jon would have a reat problem if he lost ore bloo .
J 's ce was white and his lips were lu .
Finally Peter a to the a and nt to pick Jn up .
o hurs ltr they were in the om of urgency of Cácee Hosital and the doctrs were crng n ' le .
If Peter dd not had run , peaps Jon should have die
Dear Volunteer Co - orinator
My nae is Farit .
I 'm wriin to ou in connectin ih ou volutee project , who
decription I have fon at the htt://http://europa.eu / youth/. I wud lke to know e yu
accepting applications at h moment .
Your project is ver cmpellng fr me .
I wis I would
ke pr in it . I could help you wth teachi mth together with computer programming
in engaging and interestin wy . I 'm passionate about math an programming .
I 'm 25 year ld male fom Russi .
Currently I am working as a pyton programmer .
Programin anguge is eat coie for teahing ids to pogram .
It 's easy , beautiul language .
Prgrammig is fun and ma conct absorbs mu easier thugh it .
I have bachelor deee in mathematics ( I 'm a math eache ) d master 's degee in computer science .
Pleas lt me know if you are lookng o vounteer a if u are cosideing
applians from Rssi .
I ll be happy to send you my CV ad motivation letr .
Loking forward to hearing from you
Thanks in advace
Farit Blokhi
P.S
Would you be so kn as to el me appling dadlines , program start ad e ate .
I ve a snding organisation " Ctre f Yout Studi - Higer Schoo of Ecooics "
( accreditation number 21-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is enry ad I would ie to appy for the job .
Noways I am ivin in berdeen ( Scotland ) b I am om Spain .
Tere , I studed Geology , wh I finished my degree I decied to move to Aberdeen in ordr to iprove my English and travel around Stland .
I am an adenture Geolost , so I lk to now ew places and or all the hings I love the Nature . I oud be hpy to visit USA because I have never be ther , I hink is a oo rich outry , it is vy bg , wh a lot of people that I as glad to me them .
I have to litl brothers , two nieces d oe nphew , so I am aoud f hildren n th thn I love it .
My brotes , nies d nephew are an imprtant art of my lfe , so I am alwys laing with hem .
I otn try to play wth the chidren interesting gme , I think h gae are a fun way to tch ntresting ings ot chldren a odr people , tht is y I inent new method to introduce th science in he chidren 's livs .
The favorite me o my brothrs is clled " coca boom " , th ths game I showd tem what is te chemtry , we couh a " Co " and " Meos " sweets then I put he " ntos " nto the " Coke " and I auht at happns wn you mxe two substanc .
Als , I think I woud be a god person or the job because I lke the Naure , I cld teach em a lot of things about the Geolog , a camp is perfec to introduce at h boys a girls in the stones and minerals .
I wuld be happy if you considered me in te cse the are vcances .
Hi !
my ame is Filip Jönsso , I 'm 13 yars o .
I have a sister whose ame is Andrea Jönsson , e 's 16 ears old .
My parents are ivrced ,
my parens name is Suana an Peder .
I hv three dog , e at my dd ad to at my mom .
Their names are Har , Aice n Bonti .
Bonti is very old she is 13 nd e are eelin pretty b , so I do n't thi she wil be liv so uh me .
Harry and Alce are seve an ne year old .
I play basketball on my re me and hanging ot with my friend fro my o school .
We all have things in comon like driving scooter .
We ae a o of un .
I have moved a lot in my ife , as I sad before hat my parents a divorced a becuse of ta I ae moved a lt .
My favorit place on ert is Hawaii .
I will never forget that trip .
On our hotel hee was lie a water park , it wa enomous .
Th ip made me a lot of friends , I 'm stll holdig te cntacts with the and this tr was tw sumers ag .
We a likd it so much so we a thinkng going ck thr smetime .
thr wa ths amaig beach , we could ie paddle boards , snorke er , kayaks a other f water thigs . an oe da my mom and I wen t early and hired a kak and went out on e ater nd we sa e turtles .
I had hird a snorel gear and a water camera , so I took ptures of sea turtle on th bottom .
After a week we went home .
My favorite book is he hungerames .
When I got it I re it five hours in a w .
I like tht ok so ch because it is pretty reaistsk an it an happen in ral worl someime .
It 's pretty scary of all that happens in the book , all dad bodies and hurt eole .
t if you haven't ra it I sugest you to ra it .
My favoite tv series is called Los .
I ha sn all episdes and I still wathig it because it 's so ood .
I like it so much becau it 's dramat , atin and adventure .
It 's doe ctualy reminding me of my farite ieo game , whih is called Minecraft you must have heard about it .
Eveything is mae of locs ad you a bild d pl with friends .
I hve played many sports in my if , like football , gof an tennis .
I hve plad tennis since I ws four yer ol .
But I played baketbal and my tennis at the ae tm , so I chose basketbll , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting musums is essential parts of her trav to new places f mny people .
Besides seen touristic or historical places , and attending open a activites peope also want to see musums of the cy thy isted .
Because mseums ofe so many inresting and different hins dffe fro oher places in the visiting iy .
First of a , people vis museums to ler history of the visitig city . We know ht museums generaly estblishd to epose special and unique belonging which are historcaly valuable as wel as to expose modern belongings .
These old things in the museum give us uniqe nfrmation abou the history of the city ad s social lfe .
or example , wh you go to Metropolitan mueu of art in New Yrk city , you can s lo of hstrical monuments and items blong to American history nd also ter countries ' history .
Observng these tems yu a g idea aou te old times of the visiti place .
Secondly , musem are places from ere you can lear culture of the viitng iy .
Many items in mueums has cultura value beside hisorial alue .
F instance rt museums include rt collections such as pintings rom many different artsts .
ome of them ere ae in mden style and some of thm in classic .
You can get idea the culture of the cy fom these paintings .
hird advatae of visiting a museum is that you a have un visiting a musem .
Beside histric n ulural haracter , sm usums al n be soure of un including attracie ativiies .
If yo bored to e classic museums o can go to tematic museums sh as natural histy museum .
There you an ee dinasours fro ol aes .
It an be aazin to e diffret sprecies of aimals which are no mre live .
In su , museums re attrative placs fo ourist to discover about h ity tey visited .
By visiting muses we can lean nteseting detas about te history and culture of at society .
In aditon to ving lts of information we ls can have f to see iterestng thins in the mueus sc as hge dinaours . Y ma feel inomplet if ou do not visit the museum of th new place you travel .
I ca n't age wih a statement at tere is no future or pulc transport .
Tody plnty of ecology orgaistions are trying to rise people 's warness of the evironmen deilemen .
Tey sa it is caused by burning o , so he society demands itself to enclos it .
It is often necessary to hve a ca when ivig in a small ci or ilage without public transport , n it is understandable .
B while ling in a ig ity , where there re lts of us tops , tram stps or metro stations is quite icomprehenible ht eope wan to drive ter w car and be stck at a blc while rush hours .
As h ology organisations says , it is bette for the enviroent , and as we decided , it is bett for us to save our prious time .
Increasingly peopl prefer to s public trasprt ather han to drve a ca fr hese reasons .
It is no true th publc transpor has no fuure .
The biger te city is , te ore impotant public ransport is .
And now , when ctes ar widening , plic transport wil be mo important than ever .
Th importance of interet on r live
e lat decades her has ben an massv change been in our lives , this is caused by te develoent of internet .
Th had een some poitve and neative efecs on e possibilitis to stu and on t scial life .
In this essay I wil describ some of ths effec .
In thse days a lo of stdet ae usig the interne as a study tool .
h intrnet allows ou to earc for informatin in masiv onne liraries fr esearc nd wting essays .
Tee ae massive online librarie ie Science Dret or Google Schoar to fid publiatons of reseacers ound te world .
h intret is geing important fo our sty because of the availability of information souces .
h geatst impac of interne on our ies is he use of socia mda .
lmot everybody have at this mmen at least n account on a soca mei like Facbook or LinkedIn .
he psitive efec is ha it is possile to be in contt th your frends a family henever wherever .
One of the downsids you are ot able to t aa om your uly .
This could rie someone czy and vey mierale .
h greatst imct of internet on our lf is the use of socal media because u can get in cotac with everybdy ound the clk .
The internet a a t of consqunces on u lve .
It mkes it posble to study and do rearch eaier .
lo it gives the possibility to t in cotct with aily nd friends .
The are aso negative effects lk bullying !
I thk we should e internt carfuly and eep use it wh cautious .
In my lie there re too many sports i ie to u ther is n in particular that i lo so mch .
It is te football .
hen i ws bon i s my father watcin every day football 's rogramme but i d n't unestand what it was .
Hwever , overtme i begu to uderstand h to play and i liked it much mre than the ps .
In fact when i was xteen year old i begun to go to e staium ih my friends every suny .
In italy , foobll is h st followed sports , speially in my town hre playd t st important player of t world : Dieo Arman Maradona .
He plad o my own 's ub : Napoli .
He wns two national champinships a also an iportan euroean competitin .
ver day in my own peol eak onl about footall becouse it cold gve you a lot of eotions .
A football mac is something specia and you d t see the im that arrive sunday to watch your favourite cb s match .
On t other and , my advice at i gve to someone o start this knd of spr is th he must do it with a lt of reponsabilit ad sarifie if he wants to become anter Maradna .
Nwadays , most eopl go by car every dy instace of uin public tranport .
But , is it ealy necessary ?
Is it the best f the pollution and envirnment ?
In the moring veryone ge to their job by a b I think that the real resn to do th is that we ne to do a lt of thngs durnd the d and wih public transport we pen more time ha doing h same with o own vehicle .
t , I think ha in other aes we take t r without ay reaso , it 's only a bd hait and maye we cold be change it to improv ur heath ( going on foot or takin h bike r example ) and al we wll help to t enironment a the pollutio .
F exapl , I 'm a comuter ad als I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afernoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the taffic the whn I get away from the hutl and bstle of th city I uually go to my vilage .
Th car in my qut viage is not ecesary nd I feel real hppy the .
Hello gy , my ne is Mateo avie nd I ove ot of things in my life , bu the mo important is one : play tenis .
I ly this game our times a week in a rally bautiful centr hich is called ' a ' .
Ter r around ten tennis cout , e swimmg pool , tw footall pitches and tree gyms .
In my opinion tennis is th best spot because I 'm an individualst , so I prefe individually sport , because in tse kind of ame everything depend fo u .
In thers ports no .
Fr example ding a ooball match if o wrn is n't to important ecause y have a tem hich c remedy , ev if ypu do nting .
An thr resn for oing ts sport is that hing a racket in hands , for me , is beutiful .
If yo want start lying hi sport remember that when ou re playing every points ar important and yo us n't relax during th ach , vn if u ae winning wi a vy g advantage because in a few minutes you could se e matc .
I hoe this sport wi have mor iporance in Italy in the futue .
Dear Chairmn ,
I am writing to o to rai an importnt issue concernin chool lirary .
I oo forwad to understanding and I pe we wl reach a cosenus .
irst of all , it is very mporant to me to dtermie the basi problm of our shol .
For many years we , pupils , hav bee waiting for library .
Yet , it s sil not be uit .
Tgethe with an unofficial Student council create a ptiion which is to rais te issue among teachi council .
Our priory is gd preparation f seondar school certificate .
o this pupose we ned a quiet pla to learn .
Moreover pupls demand is th possibility to borrow books .
It is the most important matter , because most of us is ot abe to uy ihly ducational books .
Thy are imply too expensiv .
O requet boils down to the fundamental role of education .
It is broadening th horizn of our knowledge .
Besides issues tat have been already mentioned hre is lso undisputed fact that if our school ad a rich computeriz library , it old be more reprsentative .
Giv te rationality of t above arguments , we , pupils , xect a positive considratio to u request .
Respetfully yous ,
Piotr Dudek .
Or liv has changed a lt from the lst centur due to the technological improvements ad society chane .
But h will hange the people 's life in 50 years ? .
hs is a difficult ueston to be answered too quicly becse we have to ae int account at we hve no enough knowleg at all to do it .
That 's why we have to escribe soe important ideas elated to his topic .
First of all , as we sid befre the pole 's lives ave caned de two ipotant leents which are he tehological improvements and society changes .
The frt one it is er obvious ecause every day the rsearchers are discovering new things and improving t scientif knowledge that allw us to create new invents d improve the l ones .
For exmple , one of te most imortant devics hat ha taken an important ole in our lies is the mobile pho which h changed exemely fast over h lat en years .
Another example is the cars which are aing the same w as well as t mobie phoe has done .
The second one is very important to becuse society has cnged a lot as well as he people 's mind .
Fo nstanc , one hundred ars a wa impossibl to see a woman working and carrying on economilly he whol family lone or studying a degree in h universty , thin that today e very usual and wel accepted in or soiet .
In addition , ter are thr conditions and facts tat has helped to change he eple 's lie such as olitical deisions , global wars a global economical roblems , etc .
To sm up , tee r many ssus that fects eople 's lives d we do not kn how it would chane in the future , b we a sre at in 50 years fro o it would be an impornt ange as wl as it happee tes last 50 years ago .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am wring to You in connection th Your request or inforaton on an interesting building or plae to visit in Katowice .
At firt I wol like to tell yu that Katowice is a wonderful it , ful of great places to see .
he most iteresting is the art glery O Miat , which is located in the city centrr .
It is a very distinctive place becas of ts magntude , i outite ook d it atmosphere .
What 's more , in the middle of the biuding tee is a sall library where pele used to bu the newest books and paprs .
It is a god plc fr everyone w wants to get some Plih literature .
Furthermoe , in the biuding of the ar gallery there is a lub Oko .
Not only it is t poplar plc ang oug Polish citizens , bu ls it is very extraodrinary : peope can walk he red carpet and drn the mos mous drinks .
In my opion art gallery ko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
I recommded it becae it is the best place f oung ople .
I hoe my help was useful .
I look forward to hearing rom you .
Yours sinerely ,
XYZ
H and ru
Do you ike adventure sports ?
Or do o prefe the relaxed ones ?
If you have said s , grass hockey is for yu .
Grass hocey is a popul spot raticed mon people of all es nd it 's ore plyed in countries ike Britan , Argentina or eman rathe ha Spain or Italy .
his sport consist of beating th rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In odr to score you should puh a smal white plastic bl side e go using a stick .
In my opinion ass hockey is th bst pot you ca play as it requieres y to be ealy focused on to t h al correcl .
Besides , when yo ractie it o mut move ll or boy , bcaue y hae to run and uie h ball through th fie .
So o , if you 're thinking hockey is for y I reommend you to buy a pa or gd gss ots .
d do n't worry if o e not abl with sports that ivove using a to o ca awys be the oal keeper in your ea .
It was the usul Friday afernoo .
Michael was hom aoe , spending time in front of h TV , watching his favourite movie .
Whil he wa ost in h actin , a strnge n unexpected sound ce rom his siste 's beroom .
He continued watching the movie , thiing it must be nothing .
en there it was again , h sound .
" Hlo , is someoe tre ? " , Michael asked .
Sudenly , a loud ng .
Micel reached for hi baseball bat , ready to look ino ht a going on .
He tipto to his sister 's om , knocked silently , hoping there s no nswr .
Ad there was n't .
" Oa , I ink it 's time I go in " .
He slowy opeed he oo , and a c juped right in fot of him . "
A at ?
Al this was caused by a c ?
My siter shoud defniely clse her windows , I am going out of this hoe , I sould lee this t here and let it in r things " .
chael cloed the dor and knew at tha mment he a me a mistake .
Destination : Disney .
Do ou imagin travelling to the Unied States ?
He y ever gone to a place designated only fo aving fu ?
Disy is he drea of a lo of eple in the orld , many of hem ae sa tht it is a agic an awesome eperince .
Firstly , Disey is nt a ommn detinatio like beaches or mounains , it is a place ha requireds a dfferent mes of transport ince it is in a long distance .
The vcatos stats when h plane takes ff ad nerves and hpiness blend creating an experience u will never forget .
Whn the plane arrives at the aiport of Miami you can preciate e beautiful viwe hat hi lac offer .
Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it als has t min characters in it .
Disne has uch a lo of amusement pks whose ake this plc fantastic .
Each of e a a differe pic and amazing coasters perfect to adolecents .
Althogh this place ffer a very good servie to eat , you cn big your w food .
To conclude , isne h so many facilities that it is impossibl to ge bord , you can relax in or otel nd have an unfrettable momt in the roller coasters
I do n't agree with he statement .
I think ha pblic trafc wll be more used in the fture .
Ideed , it is true that travelling by car is much moe convenient .
But cars eed perol .
Fsil rsorces are abot to run o .
We have to therefore coos the ote altnatives .
Fr the ake of tt the public transprt will be improve , nstead of being rplace by cars .
On the her ha , more electric ars are produced very er .
This ecnology will be improved furthermoe in the fuure .
is ac could keep t share of ars .
Fo the above reaon I supect that the sare of public ransport do n't decrease rathr incrase in he future .
Te share of ars could rmain because of the letric ca .
Bt the form of using cas could change .
or example car sarng coud icrease in the city .
I 'm not addicted to films at so ever , bt I prefer to watch e one ha e said to be good and stand out from the othe .
esids that , if I d to hoos a ype of film I ould say , the comedian d h cion ons re the mos appealing to me if they have a rea rmatic a cohent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Rcenly I sw ome pretty god films called " The olf of all Stree " and " Caita Philips " , fim hat cugt my attention sice he first inute .
Hoestly , they lsted for 3 hour bu th most impressve of l this is that they wee able to crete a singl rld between me d te scre for all tht time .
They really aught my ttention , the had al t characteritics that I consider e basic ones in a film , ot couting it h astonishing acos that made an impressive performance .
All I expe in a film is the ay ty establish connections etwee he actors and h adienc , in a a tt allows them to play with th characters lk if ty wr upets and to cete a coherent ad atractie film .
Dar , Sr / Madam
I am writn this lettr regarding the announcemen in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understand that o required fo peoples have good Englis , energetic , heeful and hardworking , who that are ale to ok fter chidren among 8 and 12 , hl rganse sports n veing activitie as wk in te kitchen .
I he previos expeience working ih " ADENALINE SUMM CAMPS " coahng children hw to play football o a footbal campionship within the summer cms lso organized other activiies sch cimbing , runin , competitions , exeditin and other movement .
Moreover , ep in the itchn to prepare fresh fo for chilre .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in t itche , I len tha t mos important thing is to keep a positive attiude and always motivate them in eve ep of te way .
In is a , h kids a always up for h challenge and do not gie up upon their rst obsace .
Y trly eny working ih children to he th lean and improve thir already acquird skills , especially in sports .
Hnc t rean I am ve interested in this opportunity to coach sports to chilren uring his summer .
I look foard to hearng from you on
You faithfully
onca
Becaus of him I am what I am .
I think verbody knows the importance of having a person , o is always there .
A person that tkes a fixed place in your life nd without hat person yo ca n't live .
My bt find is called Chistoph .
He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
He is a soiler in e litary in thu , wer he rks as a eacer .
In futu he ants to get a gneal .
We have t us yars ago , when we were babes because u moters wre and re gd friends .
He is a er nest person and has sort blond ha and brown ees .
During e holidays and at the weekends , he wear summer clothes .
As you ca think he is a ve straight erso , ho knows wt he was .
But he also can be harmfully nd sesile .
For me , a good person to speak about everything epecialy abot my problms .
lthough we hae many different vies of the ie we understa each other and are et friends .
ny pele around e orl follo pssionately nternational sprs evens .
That cod be a grea y to sto interatinal tensions , lhough criis and wars still eit .
The most imporant evts takes place in some different cotry every or years .
Of couse during these vets ll he wrl wtc it .
Sports in geneal re followed by a he perentage of the oplation .
Usually I do n't ach spors math , I used to do that smeties , but nowaays I 've ben thinin hat it 's ju a waste of ney and ie .
Probably beause I do n't like team sports .
I 'm keen on indvdual discipline .
I do n't want to appear o rigid but I 've seen o many times eple fogt t el problem and think only to hi ing .
Pople seems to be dstact fo thir ral life .
The point is that we have to ak the world tter nt js sometimes , but forer .
Duri the evens eope seem to fall into a peacel ram where all the country love eah other without ow racst eeling .
Whereas oten we se bad behavior .
I 'm hpy aot tha , but I still thinking tht it 's o the rut .
Probably us , as huan race ecesitate of this in of things .
I 'd pefr that people eress thr good behaior idependentl of iternational sprts events .
On te oer hand , sometimes I 'm feing apy during th evet ecase peopl see to be so excite .
In my opinion we have to deal with a lot of other important poi elated to our culture .
I 've ee interested in ay an instrument since I a a chl .
Whe I was young we used to ha a piano in our dining oom because my mther used to play that .
Latent fingermarks re omonly fund at the sce of crime .
Tey a e corner in forenic inestigatin .
Persstene and niqueness ar the characteristics of the ingerprint .
atnt form of fingermark is invisible to umn ee , hece need some methods for visualization and develoment of latent ingermarks .
Divergent approaches are se on otine basi for develpmnt of lent fingemaks .
Pwders by adherin physical to the fingermark esdue developed th laten , chemal reagents undergo reactins wt the organic and nrganic parts of th fingermarks deloping e ltnt , sll partile reagent deeloed latent fingermark by adhesion to sebaceus content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amio cd of h fingrmark and develped the lant marks , igle and multi - etal depositon method works on the principle of dposition a resulting in the negative development of latent mar .
so startin fro pwders to chemicals , all a in publi y .
ew methods are continually added in h lterture and shows h importanc of fingerprints in cimial investgation system .
one can easily deduce information of culprits ih artil form of aten ingemark .
Hae yo ever houht w we ed sorts ?
As we ll kno it is an essential part of r life .
I elieve that nobod c do without it .
Firstly , sort is the be way to improve yu immune syste .
For example , playing spor at leas o times a week prevnts diseases and obsit .
at is more , if you ant to get rid of depression or sres - go to the gym .
According to the scientic research mentl health is closely connected to the phyical on .
As or me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwn n wor out .
I am int it cause it is quite catc and spectaculous .
Moreover , it is consieed to be on of the most ctie and poplar kins of sort ll arou he orld .
To u up , I belive that if yu want to be menall and physiclly i - try to do some sport ad eercise . As do o wory if u are no so good at it , just eep doig it n enjoy yourself .
Plants ve been widely used by almost all culturs in past centuries for medcl purposes hat are commly known as herbal mdicies ( Izzo and Ernst , 20 ) .
Tese are define as plant - derived ubstances d occur naturally wit no or minimal manufacturing prcesses ha manage and remedy varius health conditions effectively ( ent , 2008 ; Tahjian ; Mri and Jahangir , 200 ) .
Although , herbal edicine hv significantly peormed ll in e treatment and manaement of illness , pole have increasingl cosumed these products via sel - direced thray .
This say wi discuss tat the is onsiderable evidence f h possible detrimenal ifluence on public helt e to e increasing use of self - rescribed herbal meicines and ta a heah criss is likely if no acto is taken by helth rganistions .
The most rcen thriller I 've seen is " he Miserables " .
However , I 'm not refrring to the musical o the intermediate verion ; the oldest version is t refenced o .
It is a movie hat has presents a lo of richss in characters and historical acs .
Y ar abl to analyse human emotions d rationalise oral situations , so it is a movie tht provides a t of fctos .
I foud it vy exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Ja Valjean is sent to work as a slae r stealing a sml iece of bread .
Aft he en i sentence , he has to solve an moal sitation that pov who he rell is .
It is vr proound to , bcaus it hws you poblems tha old happen bt in a mior scle .
What really akes h dfference is if you choose to hep others or not .
I think pepe o rea the boo ( rtten by Victor Hugo ) , who are intereted in this historica iciden , or o merely wat to analyse human relationships mus see te movie .
Tis is due to the ft th it will each a l about the Fenc daily ie d bou wht insprs pepl to improve an case od .
As th an eft he café , Maria saw ha h phone was sti on the tabe .
Then h took th one and r ot the cé .
The man ws so fr om her that she had to r vy fast toward hi .
Suddenly , h man wnt back an looked at r .
e notice he was Robert , h first boyfriend , but he ookd like an angel .
In fac he wor a bla suit n a love lnen ie .
aria coud n't hardly say anything , she was shocked by bert .
hen Robet smaied and gvng his had towas hers aid : ' I hav missd you a lot ' .
In purpose of buildin mo neessar nworks of housng d transot , areas of farlnd , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many contris oda .
Such lrge - scle building projects has created a large amouts of problems for both human eings an anmas .
As to people who ake their ivngs by selling th products they obtind frm farmlands , foests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incoes .
In addtion , frmes , huntse , fshermen nd y other people that are ud to ling by such eas ave to move to cities and t to find new jobs .
The e lss likely to in go jobs because most of them e not ighl eduate .
As a result , th will not ake enough money to affod their livings in ran areas and vn face probles of poverty .
Meanwile , id animals hih tke fests and wetlads as their habitas will los ther homes and ind it dffiult to survive in jungls of concte . Enangered animals will be ader to be found after t destuction of tir homelands .
Also , thr il be no frs grass nd grains f doestic animal , such as cow , laps , chichen to be fed .
To euce abve problems , it is necessary or governments to pn careuly before contrucion of buiins and tranport and try their bst to decrese the side effects .
hy should prvide conomic supprt to those wh once lived in such destroyed lands and help hem iprov professionl ills to ook fr good jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to build natura reseves or wild anals whch a ot easily fid another habitats to live .
lthugh there il be ny bad influences of large - scale uiding on pole and animals , the countrie wold dvlop better if overnmens cod take effors to solve abv problems .
I agree ih the statement that soppng is o always joyable .
Personally for me shopping is er pleasat , bt somimes it can be a ttle tirig .
In my opinion is a few adanage of shopiing .
First of l , if we are in shops , we can b everything we wt .
noter good point of shoiing is fact , that it coud be rlaxing for some peope .
I like uyng some cohes or osmetics .
It ve me so leasure d u .
nyway , it 's al se disadantags of shopping .
Michael ws a 23 yer old o , who wate to be famous artist .
He ha very good talent but no oe understoo his ceaive mind .
Everyone onidered hi as a cray n boring guy obsessioned by his pasio ; excep Kate , his only es rien , wo encouagd h eey ime he anted to let hi dre down .
At tha time Kate as workig in an nternational adertisig ofice .
It s a really busy d hard prod f her because he cosmers of very pa of th Earth wanted omethng new in he subject of r .
he wnted soething that could be trditional nd revoluional at the same time , something that cud give a new visi of the reality and Kate started to bing me information about many artit .
On night she was worng at her home ; sh was in dficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
She strted to be a litl bit nervous , she was n't abe to ind an oution when , suddeny , she rememered tht Michael 's art h th featres requete by er clients .
h mmeiately took the phon and alle Michae and s starte to explain r project .
Micael was ery exited because he finall h the posibility to introduce i view of a hrut i pictures .
Ater lt of eeting and conrences it he representtion of Chia , Japa , s and Oceany Micel bea to be the man who he dreamed since he was a cild .
w he wa famous nd everyone espects hi .
Everythi s ging good except his behaviour wi his frien ate .
He sared to be ery rd ad sometimes he teatd Kae lik an inferior gl .
On day th two guys had a terile discusion .
Kate ccued Michal tht the celebrity de him lind and icael dd n't want to listen to e .
Kt was rlly angry and she oredered to m to lave her oom immediatly .
Kate was crying a l but Michael run aw .
Mhael closed the oo and kne at ht ment he a made a mstae .
Enjoying outdoors in my area
Introduction
The purpse of ths repot is to propoe h bt placs f visiting nd to sho e wd rnge of exiting facilities which can be use by yog people w are gon to mke a tip to my rea .
ht Places u ca vsi
There are mny arks and gen areas close to this city where young pepl cul pnd ter ti outdoors and hain un drig l day befe going u , suc a pk called : San rancisco , whic has a big ake an loca youg pele are usd to having barbcues there , afer they had done any atr spot or reted a boat .
In addition there are many pulic trnsport which could rop you f in front of the pa .
wher you can hav an mazig nit
We have an active Nightlife in is ity , le gigs are performed from Wedneda to unday in severa pubs wit fee access and u ciems have alws had a ood movi sting
heever I ear about faus actor or singe complaining on photographers following them , I ca n't e a smi ff my fae .
Wha 's a description of a famous prsn ?
ost of he pple know a l bou hm .
So do n't ll me that famous peopl do n't enjoy bin on the fst pae of th newspaper or any oher agzine .
In my opnion th fm is a ed for actors and musicin of the popular clure .
Despte te fact I sa tht aous people need to be well known , I thn that ca n't be applied on politician .
The personal pace in their life shoul be large than in a movie sas , but they shoud mak their escision transprent for st of t population tho .
It is their work to mk descisions that ensue h beneft of he pope in their coutr , but we do n't need to kn nothng else abu them , aft they com home to pend sme time ih ther families .
Compuers n Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommedtion
To Wom It My Cocern ,
It is my pleasure to wrie a reommendtion leter for mr .
Kadeer Adu - hamied .
I hav known Kadeer ince 2012 , wh he joined e fulty of Compters and Information , ayom University as an undergaduae student .
He ttnded my ab on " structured prramming " course duri h frs year .
While atending my bs , he howe himself as an actie and hard - working student .
We frequently discussed various hard problems in t spe of he course , nd I wa impressed by s analytical biliies .
He also atendd my lectures and bs in " ava SE " summer raining corse .
He sowd up a distnct d intellectual leel among othr students .
lo uing this coue , he h to work in a eam and dever a project as a requirement f e cose .
He contributed excellent ad novative ieas ding this projec and he show imsel tt he is an xcelent team layer .
ndee I consde mr .
adee as n of he most excellent ad utstanding ersonalities amog s colleagues .
I beiev that Mr. Kadr will perform vey wel and I strongly reommend him for " Googl Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
Sncrely ,
g .
ahbu Ezzldeen Ganim
ssstance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
Coputers and Information Facult ,
Faoum nversity , Fayoum , Egypt .
Phone Nuer : + 200123456789
Email : Y5kk@fayoum.eu.eg
nce on a tie , ther lved a boy nmd Michea .
He lived in a vilae near a ailway station .
He was very naughty and ws not much intereed in his studies .
He was a very ig menace and the vlagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior .
One day hil he ws all alne at home , he thught of callig th fe for and lied a pretended as if his hose was on re .
People gathered around his house hearing m screaming out loud and within no time the fe rce ao arrived at the destination .
At h same im , is pants reached e ace and seeing e bg crowd nd te fire force ty o horrifid .
he ran towards teir huse , worried for their child .
Every one s shocked ad no one knew wa s happening .
Later is parents became vry angr and even got him beaten up for hs mischief .
Hi prens solded him and made im make a promise to he ht he wo n't lie ever in hi life again .
He was vn mde to apoogze to ll hs neighboring vilager .
He wn to his room a felt very bad for wh he dd .
ichea closed th door and knew at at moment , he had made a misak .
lst month i wathed the Fat an Furious 7 , a im stred by Vin diesel and my faorite actor , Dwane ' T Rock ' Johso .
this film wa about h preious roberry which had bee acomplised by Vin 's gangs leads to th hatred of a crimina stared by Jaon Stahm .
ason sathm was so strong nd made al the gang fel terrble fear sine dwayne Johnson was inroaded and hevily wounded .
h chasing of Json Vs Vin a so excting furthermore the walkthrough is desind where i vs aon intrruted by anthr party .
Howve , both of them d not une to ac the inruder and contued to assault one another .
Te end of e tory hn Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne me nd red jason it a machin un .
The et scene ws demolishing of the whole uiding as wel as eplodng of jaso 's coptr .
Finally , Diee was found aive an ge evacuated to the medical center , here Jason a broughted to the jai .
Vin 's faly lived appiy ever after because te emy a eradicated an the re were g jailed .
h im was he ast movie stre by Pau Walker as in the fl production process he passed away due to ar acident .
Th film 's Sountrack , ' Se ou ain ' , as comped by i Khalifa an edicated to Paul .
This film wll catch eryone 's attention because the scenaros , h action senes , a drama bond paul 's death a harmoized rgorously .
Morevr , t specia effect whih is displayed re so immense and lead us to feel e emotion of he actos .
Dear Mac ,
I am sorry to har tt y 've got to ge up either prt or msi .
I know how uh you like both ctivitie so st I suppose y ar hvng a hard tim .
Soccer s lays ben prt of your li nd memories of o kid kicking a ball bigger than you are stil vii in my mi .
I sll remember te first day we wen to attend a soccer leso o promised me yo never give up!. You dreamt of becomn a pofessioal player and ecied wh ur life old be li ne ou eached it .
o 've kept working on it for lmst your entire ife nw nd athough yo hv not become a professional one you have eer give up .
Hwever , iano is as part of ou life .
When I firs introduced you to it o were qute sceptical of your possible acievments .
But agin you neer gve up and ow you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in on shows how big you r .
Proof that not only yo are vey determined b ht piano was meat to be .
We have enjoyed usi together o nearly 20 yars and most of o od tes r related to hat .
As yo asked my tae what I trie to do was nohng bt hinkig of you as if you ere my on .
I imgined the scenario with Mathe coming up to me and looing for oe advie .
Firs off , I would take hi to a og journy by ca .
I 'd uggst we take some das off togeter and had for n particular pac he wuld like to go to .
en onc we get on the car I 'd let th music we hd planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any ods .
Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me wa he 's been up to lately and if tere 's anyhig he as't ld me bot ut en to menton w .
At that point I would l hi tlking go without stopping him fom interruption .
I 'm convince he 'll speak hs thouht at one without beting around the bush and al h ea an doubt wil slip out .
By o he wll be abe to nswer himself many uetions he 's been troubling with .
ll I 'll ae to do is just point out what t an poins r hat he is o dull to ee .
Because tht 's what an outse criterion is eedd o .
Someone se a jt hep you think out and be nothing ut supportive .
Then he 'll be lst or words as mch as he spoe and he will be lling to pt the whole thig asde d just lse himef in some dnks , although he hasn't cm to age y f tha .
Perhaps th ne day he wo n't ven be able to recall ha the speakig wa about u I 'm pretty sue that after all ee dow himself he il know wha bet ov on is to make ! !
L 's talk abt sort
Do yo av a avourite sport ? I hve !
I really enjoy voleyball and hor ring , although my favorte is swimming .
ve yu ever tid it ?
You shod .
It is a hd port , but when y e it , you foget all yo probles .
Swimming is a antasti prt , esecialy in he Summer beaue in the atr you a get resh .
If ou e statig ths sport , you should n't be afraid of the wter .
Do wh you can do , an when y think that you ca n't do it , try yur be .
o just need practise .
Everyone should have a spor , whe you ar doing it , you do n't think aot anything mor .
You just tr to do your bet .
iving my wn car sees really convenient for ravellin , bu publi trasportaion is the mos effective way to bring people fro a place to other .
Try to imaine tat , if eeryone in the cty a his or her on vehicle , we woud be always late ue to he terrible traffic jam .
In fact , ravelling by c is not convenien en people ha ter own cas r ther family or themseles .
The reason is that we ave to wak up in th ry erly mornng for voiding the traffic jam to ateding sool , working , ec .
e ma advatage of pbic transportaton is tat it c trasport a larg nmbe of passengers at a relatively low co .
For examle , a u an ake mo than 40 passengers one ime at a low cost .
r another , t suba is able to tanspor a number of peoe around the city .
T second benefit of public transportation is ha it can reuce the ai polutin r a city .
Too many vehile in a coned city would crease e carbon emisios .
In conclusion , public transportaton would stil pay an imprtan role of transportion in a city unless the environmental vhices a promoted by the government and the roads nd highways in a ty are maned we or accommodating a huge mber of cars .
It 's really imprtant tht we do hing we should do .
So , we c btain ertain benefits ad more doors that can be opened easily .
There are some eope that spend oo much of thei time doing nothing seful though otes my say that it helps to be more relaxed in their les .
Personally , peope must dedicate most rt of their time on things th shold do f to importan reasons .
First , you gain tie doing essential hings .
By doing so , you immediatey take advatage of the ime in your life doing omething essential .
For example , when I was 17 , I was abou starting my irst day of class in e university .
I started to ee boe with complementary courses on my rriculum because there were th kind of coures that d n't ve any hlp to my uniersity carer which is maly abut Syem Engineering , and I a reqied to tae compementary courses ch as Elogy , Laws , and so on .
ut later en I graduted , I realzd how imortant were thse sujcts .
I was able to explin something basic about Ecology hat my grandfather a trobl ith in the countryside hen I went r a vacation .
That experienc taught me how imporant it is din watever you are required to do - sh as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , becuse somew it 'll be helful ler in the life .
Seond , if ou avoid doing things only becas thoe do n't lke you , you 'll mis opportunitis .
You 'll dedicae your time ony on things for personal enjoyment ad it really il hurt o .
o insance , a ried of mine called Freddy ws in a social club in the city , he w requested to do a running around te pool for 30 mntes .
He refused to do this .
fter all , n gu decde to do e venture .
He ran for 30 inutes arou the pool an when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
Nobdy had noticed ht th president of the social ub ha an ward o the runner , n he recied an amout of 30,000 dollars eause of hs effort .
As you c see , my friend lost the opportunity because he did n't like ha he s requested to do .
To m up , it is a good decision if you do tngs that are necessar or neded at t moment thogh you do n't like it .
If you do essential thins ou gin ie in your lie at he se time .
If you would rther avoid essential or require things you 'll lose mny chacs to succe .
So , we should fou our mids makng h rght decson ad pen u ime wisely doing hat is ot importat .
Some people think that omputer are the ms important inventio over the last entur , while thrs think ha ae a lot of nventions ve te history that are more important tan te copter .
Personally , I think the computer brings any changes in the world , and is o ha I think it is the os importan invetio .
ome eople say ht e comptr change te way people e h world , ad this hage te way in which hman percve eveythng hat happens rund he wrld or oly in their social life .
For example , how n pern a be infrmed wat hapes to te ther side of the rld with nl a cick .
For other at , other people nly s the computer to have communicaton wt someon , have entertainment with some movies , wich an be from nywhere , or sipy have some un online wih your friens tha ie abroad or re busy all the ime .
In contrs , some people tink that he computer is just on more vention in te hitory of humanity , and although hey accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more imortant than the computer that nowadys we still use .
For example e paper or the wheel .
Overal , people ae divide in what they think about th mo important invetio in t world an wt changes these obcts make to the world ad humanity , I still think tht e compuer is the mo mportant invention because it t only hnges on at of t itory like the parper or the hel , it changs very aspect of the human 's life .
Prsonally I rfer differn movies .
The choce aways depends on my md .
Most of th tm I ke to wac cmedie , oe stres a adentre mvis because these type of films can help me relax after a ar working day .
I do n't like horrors eause they aways hav a d impact on my mood .
erefore I ee more peaceful when I view something nny , adventurous d undemanding .
In my opinion , people atc movies because they want to spend their leire time .
Movie compnis offer all kinds of vies so verybod a choose something tha he ike .
I think ote media ill lfil thse functons as el .
Fo xaple , ooks also ep us relax .
Beside , we can learn something knew from bos .
Dea Ms Hammon ,
Thank you for yo reply , it s so usful , but I still av some doubts and I ll be real gl if y coul ive me this neessry iformaton .
First of al , I want to know what water pots do you offer , beuse r roup of students would be probably interested in doin something reatd to water , for insance , surf , diving or sailg , due to h ct that th r used to being constanty in ontac with the sea ( we live in Barcona ) and , therefore , they velop a real passion o it .
In adtion , I would also lie to ak y out h type of equipment y can lend to do his knd of activites and sprt I av jut mentoed .
r exame , for dong diving , ae you provided of al he diving ga ( oxygen ottles , wesuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
That is something really imprtnt for us .
As u said , the safet of t students is our maxum oncern , we must be completely sue ta you will take ar of te , chiefly beaus ms of the stunts are still yong and we have a strong commitment to their parnts .
Yours truly ,
Jennifer Barraz
In my opinion , his statement uld be said f a peron who lives in a cty th litl rafic or a perso who prefers avel in a freedom way istad of big concerned about public transport schedules .
Howevr , I do n't thi that this afirmaton would be orret fr a person who live in a g city , what is re if yo take in a count t economc aspets .
The most comn problem in crowded ities is that usually they have a lot of traffic ja , nd th is becau the ae too many cars .
Since my view , to u th public transport in hi case hav w important avantaes : e first o you do n't have to ae about pking ; te second e you can move in a relaxed way reading a bok , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
evertheless , havin a r in a bg city is quite expensive nowaays , not only cause the petrol pic is continuously riing u also you av to pay ih taxs fr e r .
In sort , lhough trveling by car is more comfortable d easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in te near futr they disappear .
Is it true that there is no futre fo public transport .
As i recogized here r severel ay to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing vey day .
You would no thin ut hn you are just tinkin yu my hae the chance to invet something new nd usfl for humanit .
Invetors work years to rch hir goals ty re working with ther project lke you every dy .
So we have the chanc to improve public transport .
sig w vehicle , travelling a be re cofortable and easer .Everyone in this wold would have a beter lf .I am elly hpp when I mply s a n us with air conditioner or nything wih can mk trvling enjoybl .
Ms of the pope are frustrated or nervous becase the have to e public transport .
If te bs drivers c flow heir me tble tee wo n't be y aguent .
rtifitual Inteligent is e of e est ay , we an switch drivers to these vehice .
Ty will only follow the odes and wo n't be out of time d there wuld ot be n arguments .
In conclusi we have a lot of things ho o mprove .
We ca aso hel by paying or tickets , es this is impl but these companies nd money to improve thir businness .
Help thme and ejoy your travelling .
A hectic day .
It was ainin at and og wn h ealized tat he ha lost on of t most imortan things in her life .
Can you iagine what it was ?
In fct , probably it as n't a ignificant thig o mst peope but it wa it f e .
It was a rig whih was gvn wy by er moer .
Probably hat day s the worst dy in hr lfe , besdes he has't got married , e ster had ded in a ca accidet , It had been a terrified aciden , he ster was driving rom Ciudadel and she crhed no a te .
She wa outside te church he a fien of e clled to tel th w about h accident .
If I hd known that there wee ull of probls I 'd hav oe on ravel instead to e married .
Hlo I 'm Mathiu Sanabri and I 'm here to de d explain everything aout the se of my sextape , I went to a prty ith my football tea - mates and we were having a whal of time tn some girls arrived and I started to talk wth one of hm , I like her and she likes me so we ent to my room to have privacy an I do n't ko h but ome gys g into my room n started to record my wh th girl and I di n't noted the many days after I received a al from a g ta tell me hat he hav a ey explicit video of me dong thin with a girl and that if I do n't ve hi sme mney he wil put that veo on the Internet .
I think that he makes a wild goose chase he just bitn f mo th he an chew because he ds n't know me and I 'm going to mak him pay o wat he had dn .
In other ways I 'll talk aout Benzema , he is my friend f many yars g but I 'm n sure if he is with me or wth the others gy so I want to listen to their esion of te tor so he is ere to tk about that .
I 'm Near Benzema and I 'm blame for Matieu 's extape .
On of my best friends cled me tw weks ago .
He said to me he needed moey .
I had n't go enough money so I told him .
I 'm gutted because he is my childhood rind .
He talked about a pan about Sanabia .
He st up an ad he me ue .
He mae a video his friend d Mathieu .
He ske to me how mu oney shoud I waned from Mtieu?Ten I asked him h much do y need?He sai about one hndrd housnd euros a after hat I sai " ou can get it".it hidsight , I was wrong because it was llgal .
So o I regret hat and I apologi r hi situation .
Th Nmber of te eat w e third lbu ron aiden relesead .
The Briish and nnunced that th album was coming with ns , a new siger , Buc Dickis , joined th group and ae th fan completl astonished by hs nie - souding oice .
Most of the songs show doniac features casin erios concerns on t media .
The albm 's nme is from the so by the same name : The Number of he Bas .
In this album the drumme was really get and fantastic elric guit sols re swed too .
hs oddly - named album became the most well - know on the history of the band .
I 'd say that w their best abum and obviousl they rock
I am living in Cenna ne of he populatd city in India perhaps o of the most ollued ity in India to .
Th it is dwell ih pople , crs , bikes and factorie , whch turnd out to be one of the polluted it in ndi .
The infrastructure uild for controlling and maintanin the environment eoystem friendly is worst in other word government and pople do nt ce abu he environment rather they spoiling the enviromen dratially .
The govenment alwys ss t taement tey are oing their bes to imrove environment t nothing as done perps they corupting eple moey in tes of vaious poject ta controls he pollution of h city .
e government is ot on one to blamed but so people h leavin here , who never cares of thei enviromen .
They polluting ore than fatoy does , by usin astic material , disposing wases in pubic places d ve som people nd to split and use ublc place as their ilet .
Althoug ma factories and people is ollutin th environment draically ut some peopl and orgniation is rotecting the envionment but mos often hese pele are discriinatd fo society .
But th do n't ae abo ts and continue with tere or , often ths people tend to demonstrate h fect of h pollution on people and future generaion ad mae soe peoe to chng te way lo the city bu oftn so most people do n't care about wh they trying to say and soetimes thse people re scold .
So a eople do n't understand t consequence of h polutio ut wit in decae they will en the sffer and understand th conseqnce of pollution in hei li for sue .
Dr Joe
I have seen you advertisement a I am mo than deighted to take pat in a sumer camp as an asistat .
I am 19 years od and I have 2 younger brothers and a ounger sister .
I think I have ome exerience it yug children as I hae to take care of my own brothers every day .
In addition to this I go to e m tre ies a fortnight an I tok swimng lessos r 3 years .
As I d also take some slf - efnse lsons ad a climbing ourse ov he lp .
I hnk that I eserve to have a b he because wit my swimming n cibing knowledge I can entertain h children .
nd in rder to lp them defend hemselves I ca lso teach tm oe techniques about sef - defense .
Anyway I hope I will t the b and I am abl to attend an intervie at alf pat nin on Sturday .
Yours sincerely
Andrei
Luz Inácio Lula da iva , ul , is a yh .
As e only railian resident from unprivileged background , Lla hs mae history after runing fo fo times for President .
Since he ook up the office in 2002 Lla has made major structual canges in Brazl , taking ut more than ourty million Brazians o of eteme poverty .
Durng ua 's era , fr 2002 to 01 , Brazil experenced an conoic boom as neer bfoe and beae a world 's economic power .
Democracy also ha funmental chages on hat perod .
To curb corruption n lws were ceaed , instuions were re - stuctured ad innovative mechanisms were developed to engage a give oice to the civil society .
Minority grous rcived more atntion to proct her rghts n investmens in education , eath n wel being increased .
Curiously , ua is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
For t pooret Brazilians Lu d his history is to be proud of .
For the Brazilian lite it is uncceptable hat ua , a poor migrant rm northern Brazil , oversadowed all te presdent d mst poltiians of their w , priviliged , universt eduatd and carelss aout t ral razilian problems .
Dear S ,
I am wriig to aply for a job in the USA I aw recently in your advertisemet in a loc newspaper from my city .
Further to our rect telephone onversaion , I have worked as a babysitter wit children ae 5 - 10 for five years .
Futherore , I ha worked in so important companies we I finhed my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By he ay , I d experience in the organization of spot ad eenng activiies because at the university I did a corse of Pubic Relations .
If yu wa to see my reports I cn snd you whenever you wa or if you pefr to a my eachers bou me I can send you their phone numbrs in ce yo want ferences ro my job .
My teachers hve said to me that if you ant a write a ettr about my xprience .
I thk I wold be a suitable person for e job beause I have a goo level of English .
Tha you so much
Yours faithfully ,
Aa aucci
Ms people like to drive cars instead of usig pblic transortaion .
In my count people go to work by ow ars .
Students go to school or university by ar as well .
As a rsult of horrible trafic jams ok place .
The government d to srt a ajor pulic transportation projects in orde to slve the problem .
Underground metro in Ridh is n of those projects .
Lon distance beween cies kes it difficult to use cars .
Airplanes are the best way to travel through log distances .
It 's fast , esy , comfortable a se way .
ues a much more conveniet for driving kid to shols .
transpot workers by publ transportation or by buses is me convenient for i companies .
Pblc tranpor is a mus and crs wil never replace it .
Pblc transport or travelling by car ?
I think ravelling by ca is a very comfortable ay .
Yout do n't av to think about us timetables n gas .
u only cn go to your car , sit in and rive away .
Al what y need is a driving lienc , a car an a little bt luck tt ere is no traffic .
If you go wth a train , you ee a ticket , tt 's ot very cheap !
ou must know the timetables a at which gate the trai will leave .
o ave to be fast , if yo want a ea to it , sometmes t trains a fl of people and you he to stnd the whole way !
I thnk it 's right , th travelling by r will be mo popular .
You dve the y you want .
Y can tp wherever you nt and there are a lot of oter poits to travell with the cr .
I 've jut fished reaig 50 sades off Ge ....
It is reall good , it is btte than he previous nol SOGrey , i really ea it , It is not or , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when yo do nt want to rd the " sex parts " us tun over the next ever sile page till it eds , tat s all , i e dne lke that to finish that nvl , Ts novel is jst to tell us he passionate lve sory beeen a sucessfu business mn , chairmen man with stricly unhappy chilhood , and ony rfers to h birth mother as " the crack hor " which related to t s recently behvour - DS an he girl was semed very boed of outine lie , innocent , did nt know anything aout life , Aparntly , TEY we so diffirent fr each other u somehow , som magic connecting them to be a very lvel coule .
It uld bg me if s1 did nt rd it to a ta is a porn vel
The two mp depict the ma chnges which take plc in Shipsmouth between h year 95 and 2010 .
Overall , it can be see that the city has bcame mr modern , with more transport and entertainmnt faciltes .
n striking change is that a w sttion as been bult , to connect the noh of the ty with the city cente n h road has bn pedestrianzed .
In 1995 , there were geen areas , oweer the were cut down and an airpot and an aprtent bloc were buil in those aeas .
Anther iteresting redevelopment is tht factoy as knoced down to ak way for a shopping centre , and in e ae w a for Chrc wic wa uled down to take plce o a ub .
The urba areas wr demolished , to mae a or skyscrapers .
A fil noabl change is that football stadium s eecte in t south of he ity in 2010 .
I lke playing enns .
I enjoy his ort because of is highly aerobic exercses .
Playr is required to run a oer th fed to cae te ball n to return it to the opponent .
To i e game , a ood strategy should be also applied .
One mt ecognize the fid n the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to make a point .
Thus it is a gme wih a ombiation of brain and physical skis .
For peoe starting to do this sport , one can try to train indiviually .
A wall in a tennis fild a be a gd start to learn ho to i a bl .
It ill be better of course to in a club or to gt a rainer to guide .
Informtion bou e asic theory and tchniue on tennis cn be gathee in nteret / books .
One should mk e efot to practise regularly to ak se a continual progress .
Learning to do juggling wi ao be bnficial .
Many coaches advise their pupils to prctise it for a beter coordination of hand d eye .
u mos imortaly , one should enjoy all of ths with fun .
I exactly do n't understand wy people want to learn bot pivae life of politicians and film srs .
I have to say that everody has te right to ave a private life although hy are famous .
It means nobody should nterfre ith fmous people 's ive .
Unfortunately , a lo of people a interested in ohers .
Famos peopl lo hav got nees .
Megastars can run into bushy probems .
hse happenings ae not strane .
ecaue all e people have got pedicamnts .
B pulic ant to see famous liticians and sas in evey situaion .
For eample ey want to see well - own pepe with he boyfriend / hi girlfriend or want to e them in casal attire or wa to s famous women witout ae - up .
On te other had , shuld be considered his opinion : So of bi names a imrtant fo somee who as them like an idal .
Soiety thnk ha ty haven't gt weakes d lack of ability .
And media apear on the sen .
Medi ma use of th interes and hans to is coin much money .
On the scene of TV , dia closes their defects or removes .
And all h time follow famous eple and their failies .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of media .
Howeer , being ab to protect against an invasion of privy is a fundamental human right of stars .
T government should give to superstar e right to protection of personal relationships d activitis .
Utimately , crowd - plasng pople alo have t any civi ight just like everyone lse .
Nwadays , mny eople refr owin a r ore than using pubi ansport .
It is more convenient as you can travel straightly to the place you wa to go .
ome ma say ht we do no ned public tranport anmoe in h future .
wever , I think public tansport should be kept as it sll hav thi vles .
First of l , pulic transport provide the experience of e journey .
Public transport is ot ny bus , but also plane n ferry .
They give y th experience of flying in h y or floating on the e .
That is t experience can not given by ca .
Y ca nt know it if yu nly tral by car .
So I think Publc tranport soul rema .
Last but t ast , public transport cn hae th cost of raveing .
Public tranprt is for many people to go to the sae place .
More money can be saved as the cost can be sare with the pepl who are oin to he sae place .
ird , public transport is god r the environent .
The plltion of may car is so uch .
The i pollution make e climate chane .
To sum up , ulic transpt stil have their own values .
he President of te United Sate of Amrica Mackinley says hat , regardng Cua , he ll t meddle unl December .
The newspaper " Times " publishe an intecepted ltter witten by th Spanish Amassado upu de Lowe ht wll mke him esign due to what he wrote about t UA .
ex to the blow - up of the North American steame Maine , the Spanish commisio created to investiate ti exlosion sures that it cod n't be one from the outse , but from te isid .
On t ter ad , the USA comission rngs teir reuts to the Parliamen wthout previousl noif thir results to ain and wh th opposie conclusion of the pnish commission .
Howev , the Spanish government oes not gree with e USA 's conclusions d they rquest North Americans to solve his disagreeent it an iternational abitrag .
Later , the A governmen affirms th do not wat to conquer Cua , but they eman Spin to sign an amistice with Cuns .
Mackinley ask for the arbitratin of he Pope León X in the oflict a Spain eclims North Ameicans to t out of Cuban behes in order to show ther desre to pt an e to the conflict .
e Pope reqets he Spanish army to ase imedately he hostities in Cuba .
Later , e United Staes Hose of Representatives aproves a eolution to iitary interene in Cb if necessry .
The Snish Ministr of State publishes a Memorandum relain al th events and conficts made by the USA to Cuba unl the ublishing da .
In this Memorandum , e in evens narrted are e flibustey crimes originated in New Yok and h cane of atttude towads Cuba of the USA after the election of the presidn Macknley .
Als , ti Memorandu specifes th oigin of h conflict , whih resides in th letter wrtten by Lowe and the blo - up of h stemer Maine , he lttr eng remarked concernig the A rejected the panish proposition to crr out the arbitrage ogether .
h 21st of prl EEUU denies he pansh overeignty over Cuba , the 2r of April Spi sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25h USA declares th w to Spain .
nce ha day , the diplomatc reltion betwe bt natons will be suspended .
Kepin a Prome
Being ae to kep a promie is a vey important quality of a peon .
It 'll show if y an be tusted or n .
So it is no jut a fundamental lement of bng a good pern ut also fects on your sciet .
If you cn kee promises to your friends , hat mean ow much ou real cre aout them .
I know h iporant of kping promises . I always try to ep them .
B h problem is I do realy care about my friends , so I always ay " Yes " to my friends , beause I do n't wnt to dsppoint them .
n then I alays ave a lo of promise to kee , ad it also makes me too busy to eep them .
So keeping a promse is good , u te thing is : Do n't ke too many promes at e sae time ! You hold cnsider if ou realy ca complete it or no .
Ta way you wo n't have ots of ressue , a you can be an honourable peson .
I 'm ad yo have graduated the school and tht y have plans to go to he university .
It 's go or you to tak a year rake bfore continuing th your studie .
This wy yo have te chance to rela an to think what is bt for you in the future .
I 'm alo glad tht y ant to vit my ountry . You 'll fnd hat it is a very eauiful oe .
efoe I contine , please remembr to rte back ith an exat date of yur aival so I can arrane some things wi yor tris .
I 'm going to make y a ve ni ittinerary n hopefully we 'll also find somehing for you to work .
First I vise you to ce and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll sit the Hal City Tower , the zoo , the itadele and we ao hve so eautifu parks it a lt of gee gass and old tre .
Thn we a go sit the Frtres in Sighisoara whch is e oly fortress in Eupe to be actually inhabited .
The next ays we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid a Te Br Lake , hic is a sal lake in Svata .
I ao ecommend you to visit asov ad T Black Chrch , The Pee Castl and why n he lac Sea .
We ca go ikng an liming .
I tin yo know that I he a frind which is a teacher .
He c come with us in our trip .
Cncrnig yor working plans , I ae an uncle who owns a frm , so I think we cn arrag for yu to wk ere .
I assure yo 'll ae a god ime in my country .
I am gig to wait for y at te train satin .
My Husband ...
My huband is so annoying , sometims he kep takng and talking without any oal , he dop hi rty sock and clothes al over e use n lways shouting for unh , he sleeps in the middle of good moves and importat sbjets d snres while sleeping .. all he wats to do is t at ad leep
he as I shop too much bt t fac is he does n't want to spnd mone , he stoppe bying me flowers nd hocolates nd he stopped bng omntic
afr l of ta he kee aking why I ave changed wi him !
he fc is he is t te ae n I ve marid and hat issu upts me so much .
he kep saing I love yo t I do n't el it ny mre , I sacrifice my le in my lovely conty for him d ef my family to be wth im bu seems like it was n hu mtake as I ee ie I am lving wit a stranger an he is noing lk th man he promise me to be .
anywy I still lov him n still hae the pe that th is just a temporary period in u lie nd he will be bac to t man I loved ne especially tat we hae he most amazing reason to live for its or beautiful on ur angel nd amazing love of our life .
here are widely different iews on the public transport future .
Despt some people would uggest that uch ervie ha no uture becase peope r more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my prsonal blif that publi transpor shold contiue an has its uture .
Two of the principle reasos fr his ae as folos .
Firstly , the socity toay are more concerned about environmentaly friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned becase air pollution h negatve impact on our ealh and he ecosystms .
e more cars on te ra , the more green house gse produced .
Therefore , publc transport play an important role to itigate glal wrmng .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passener , at least 25 cr can be reduced on ad , soved the problem of trafi jam .
In addition , scietist and engiers are working hard to invent nd improve the vehicles , so ty become le harmful to the nvironmnt .
The second argmnt is mor reatd to everyone and has gra influence .
Fr thse wh do nt drive , pubic transport is exremely important .
There are thousands of studnts travel ih public transport to school everyday because they ca o rive a heir parents do ot ae tme to drive them .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , rpair fees e ey expensv .
t everyone a affrd it .
On the other hand , pubic trnsport is good value of mone .
In conclusion , I belive that public transpot should have ftue .
Professioals are cntiuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there ar still any peple rely on public trasort .
Everyone deserves to have a rivae li , ee celbrities and trs , who is a life and soul of th arty during teir working hours .
We al eed a helter , hre we n hide from daily difficulties .
Th is the only way to maintan mental hlth and not to fall into dression .
We a say fo ue hat stars d ceebrities ar als people .
It means tha in everyday lf ty are faced ith the same problems as we do .
What is re , celebities as rdinry ople need om tme to rest and soe ime to buid ee relationship ith ohers .
As ordinar peope he need soone to tak ae of them , someone to share their feelings wit .
It des not matter what amount of mney is in tir accounts .
They are not ble to buy real relationships such as friendhip and love .
Te can gin fae nd admiration thank to their skil b their stae personality is ore ik a powerful eation .
Sometimes in everyday lfe thy ar not ev ineresting in terms of character and apeaance .
We l go through hardshis ad failus .
But this should not reach a level tht it lets us fall into mental disorders .
That is h a private lie is so important , especially for stars assessd l he tie by socity .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tell you bot th cncer I was .
It a fntastc !
I 've t fe ic peopl n we a a gret tie with them .
They shoed me everything I should do .
I ha to cary some musicl instruments a install a ftware .
Then I helped with organization an sellig tickets .
I lve to help peopl and the best was I me members of band and have the autograph !
Lo ,
Aga
Larnin new languages is becomng a priority for young eple because mt of them go to tuy abrd and ork with foreign coutries .
I bieve tht knowng mre languages is alys eter . that wa people hae a lo re culture and are mre knoledgeabl .
ose re th people o know hir way aound lif .
Anoher great reason for knowing languages is at peoe wl lik and rspct y .
You ill ls delop yor mind and learn new thgs .
So knwing a lot of languages ould be very uefu in life .
On e oth an , lerning languages is nt alway practical .
It takes a lo of tie to ko any language fluently and it wiss tme .
Even if you lean a ertan languae a you do n't e it manually , you ll simply forget it .
It turns out th leanig a foreign language y be pontles .
In concusio learning language may be vy han but an alo be a killng time activity .
So it 's ie to know other languages , bu ust ose you wi rally need .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I w yur adertisement looking for a kids monitor , n I think I cld be the st persn to fill tht position .
I hav a dege in Engls an I would like to ler how the Aericns spak it in el lie .
o that rasn , it would be a wonderfu chce to ern amongst kids nd aduts in the USA Summer Cmps .
I ve woed at scools in Spain and I hv fist an nowledge about organising sport nd actvties .
We could lern ew activities from ch oter .
I am a good cook .
Alhogh I ave no title , I love cooking .
F that resn , I hin I can help in the ktchen .
I coud also share with everyone se Spanish recipes .
Nevertheless , I reliz this is not he ideal rfernce .
See my crrculum vitae , enloed , for more detail .
I oul love to aswr y question u coul a through this email , qq@gmi.com , and ths moie phone number , 666666666 . I wod be delighted to attend an interview whener you se fit .
I ok forward to heing fro you in the nearing futr .
our faithfully ,
Indiana Jons
Michael went to a rip to Poland by hself .
At is 5 d of his ti , he hiked a er hih moutai , u wirdy he eve seen any people .
Abou 1 hour after he started to hike , he s a bg cave and there s a cozy - yellow gl inside the cave .
He wet in nd oun an od man standing there .
ex to im ee fw doen of dos and there wee letter writte on it .
he ma spke , " Welcom " .
He led me to a room which sid ' Happy ' at the door .
Whn Mchae steppd ito the oom , I fl something vry resh isde me .
It wa lke breathing in a foet .
I et hapy .
Really Hapy .
The old an said , " You feel happy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
He et on , " Evey om hae a feeing writtn on it .
That feeling tells you what o wil fee inid the om . " .
Mcael went into coupe of rom until I spott a room wrten ' Anger ' .
He was curis abou ho he il feel when he goes nt he rom .
He stepped to e room .
Michal closed e door and kw at tha moment he had ade a mistake .
I hink , ha eerybody eerve prvcy , including famos peope .
They can aelly breathing with ll hos photographers roud te .
I do n't know why people love spying famous people .
And agazines are full of those thgs .
Anoher useless thing are gossp .
hy re they even exist ?
ay an really damage t reputtion of someone .
I al think tt the llowing fmus pepe oetimes could be dangerou .
For example , hen fan flow te cb , se or he could be ut , because the trffic is really unpredicabl or when there is a hu mass of fa , they culd hurt each other .
My opinion is , that e famous peole deserve a uet im , he ey are it thei prners or wit famil , t also when te are jus going to t supermarket or gym .
Yesterday I sa in t agzine oto of Srh Jessica Paker on hich h wa walkg with er og .
Th headline was : LOO AT TE SARA WITHOT MAKE - UP , SHE LOK IKE A HORSE !
My frst though s : " God , let r lve her life !
She is oy a huan being ! "
Why wh men slk a ome thy fobid him to come coer to he , t whe a papparazi hide in ar of celebrity , he wl gt a huge pk of bucks fr h phto ?
I 'm going to talk bout social ntworks .
Yeas ago , we used to e thrugh with ther peopl ining up or xting mesges by our mobie phone n as time goes by , owadays we as can counicate by scal networks such as twite , facebook , whatsapp ... Frs of l , we s te to catch up on new , social isues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instane , it 's uually to e pole havng breakfa in a caeeria redings news by i smrtphone , an image so far from yes back .
We ls ca have moe knowledge abou current isues by Facebok pages wich re ot considered apprpiate by oe TV progrmmes su as political discusions , strikes , econy ... As fa I concerne , noadas population know more about wa 's oing on in h orld than in previous years .
One example of this could be Nrt Corea or some Ab countris whee heir ovrnment n to he access Internet to ciizes , in other word , thy wt to mislead abou reality avoiding popultion culd clim bu this nets or up in arms ginst tei system .
On the other hn , we c e mr iformaton about ou kno and unknown peole h e our friends by faceok , uploading hotos at any im , tking a coffee , watching a fotbal match or pending summertime somewher .
So , this means we ae getting es intity and becoming more gossiping at te sm ie , as a consequence of sharin our livs on publi sites .
o n folow to your fvourite ceebrities and have a direct inerction but his also has egative consequence uch as om followers critise to hem
ichael Xadr is the famous team cptain of Onix University , ne of t most prestigious choo in the Pilippines .
He was born wh a spon on his mouth .
He a everting : the look , the brains and h ham bu he has eer felt contented .
He has eer been seious on t entire 17 yers of his life .
Everything s been easy for i , he used to g ht he wanted .
He thinks that lie 's a game a he should surely win watevr it ake .
e of his favourie game is to conquer eery rl he liked ad break their heart .
Bt that s until he mt elie .
h wa esribe as pin Jan of t campus .
T never be noticed gil , Celine .
e day , in he silenc of nowhere while Celine a eading a ok she fl someone beside her .
It s a ew tng r her knowing ta someone had th guts to st nt to r becae almost all t people on tht school defie e as a wirdoe .
' Excue me ? '
She ooke up n he w surrised seeing te strangr beside er is h faous Micael .
Curiosi was writtn all ove her ae . '
Yes ? '
he responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to mee ou ' he said ..
S was starstrucked .
Se kns him .
Everyone in ta shool nos him d how flirt he is . '
Uh yea . I know you ' she si .
Michael thought it would just be easy talki to this girl .
Seeing r that cle mkes h realised that she 's not ugly .
The wor beatifu is no enough to describe he .
She 's gorgeous , if e would only take o her gasses mbe other pople will notie it too . '
Nice ten , do ou mnd going ut with me on a ae ? '
he blurted . '
No ' h replied .
This uy actually ask her o and he 's not tat supid nt to know s ntentions .
She sod up , aced h tngs ad we ot of te libary .
Micha a surprised .
He ha never expected that he would receive a no fr his kind of rl ta is even a fm his type .
She just challenged him .
The as two eek of Clne 's life changd in just a blik of eye .
Mchael did n't give up on akng her out .
Rumors spread that asily .
Sh kn herself that Michael is st playng with e nd h said to herel hat he will never fl into his trap .
If he want to pl , then she ill give m te st gam he could and would evr av .
She 's going out wt him .
To monh had passed sic te a thy dated .
Snce en , everything went so perect betwe the t of the .
Cine realised tht Michae is nt tat b ad aybe tos rumors she heard befr we nly rumors nd they only wand to destroy Michael 's putation .
She baed a ca o him bcaue se waned to tha him for he fowers se eceied yesterday .
One of the tigs sh new about him is that ichael loves to supris , that 's w e wans to urprised hi too .
She 's on her w to t court whee Michael wa rating when se heard guys talking .
' Do yu still plan on finishing ur bet or th rumo is true Michae ? o have fllen to Mss Ja ? ' it wa Nicolaih Heinric voice . '
I 'll do it .
Jut be patient .
I ca n't wat to have th ca of yurs ' Michael ad .
Celine knw at tha moment that hr worl h flen down .
Tears automatically als down e ace .
verything Micha dd f her wa just for a bet .
The nxt dy while Michael is on his a watching tv , he heard hs dor bell rng , he was surprised to eceie omeone n .
The st time he remember he ver nvited ayne .
He old li to invit Celine but he knew she would dclin to him agan d he 's o ready to be alone with h .
abe he 's to coward to admit it b yes , he 's inoe it Celine .
He tried to ey it to his friends ecause he knew the mmen he told them he truth Celine 's life would change .
He knew how Celine loves hang her prvacy , he kew the moment he admit to everyoe hat he loves her , she woul never have r noml life aymoe .
He jt loves that gil that he would protect her fo everthing .
Evn if it ct him hiding how much he loves er .
When he pe h door he a more srprised to see wo 's on te door .
His eyes looked automatically on h Celine looked tda .
Is it nly hm or she was wearing a sey dre ?
He pened the door wde ad et her in with a big smile on his ae .
Celine came in and kissd him aggressively .
Th xt hig icael nw is tt he is makig love wt this girl .
Evryting fl amazing a beautiful .
A te could hear was them kissing . '
I love yu so much ' icael blurted aftr wht ey di then h h .
He et a liquid falling on his shoulders .
Is it raining ?
he asked hmself .
He realised that it w n't raining .
Those were Clie 's ters . '
I knew everything .
vrything a jst a e right ? ' Celin said .
Michael go rzen . '
Everyhing tht happened to us as too od to be tu .
I should n't have believed you .
I suld n't he believe that ou will hage just fo me .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guy lke yu .
o you hve what you wanted . '
Cine si with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
Look away .
I 'm going to dress now ' Celine added .
Michael ca n't believe of what he h jus had .
h next thing he knew is hat s was one not nl on i pad but from hi life .
He just lost th girl he loed for the ist tme .
Miheal ecide to e dress , he s on the way to e do when he saw a o of things he gave to Celine .
Tear sarted to fal fro his eyes .
ichael closed t door ad knew at that oent he a md a mistake .
In t presentday community shopping is ne of t most imprtan pat of life .
For some of us ade is a thn for a living , but otr pple treat shoppng like a ood thn to spen time and they ar enjoyig it very much .
o me , shoping is t enjoyable ad I am rying to avoid big hopping centres .
The vey fis raso for my disagreement is tat I do n hve enough money to prchae everything hich I would li to bu .
Things a geting oe a more expnsive and I am really disappoited when I must go out of he ho with nohig and furthermore it ives me a ig mont of sadnes .
The next tin bou unpeasant shoing are enormous lns .
ong for a fw ood - stuff ways end it an hour in a line .
No matt in what te ou come to shop , yu wi wait .
T la , bu n last reaso again ejoyble shopping is tht I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy eeryhing I want .
Of course I migt go to a fe ifferent shops , but without driving licee travelling is tough tk .
arring many heav bags is not my favourite id of spendig my spe - tm .
Tere are lots of good placs to visit in azil .
Beautiful n mportnt plaes for the istory of this amazing tropical countr .
Among all of th , o of t placs u must visit in Bril is the mazo heater , locted in Manaus , the town of Aazon Stat , in the north of t country .
Te buildng is important because it w buil in th las century during the rubber age , hen th cit ws on of te os richest city in t world .
Architects , builders , piners a scuptor re brouh frm Europe by ship as well as all h materi construction hat were necesry for its bulding .
It is a sophisticated contrution , full of deail , everyere around te thate , from e flo to h ceilng , everything crefully fashioned accordng to that erod .
Even if it has mre then 00 eas since it was built , al t original fashion re til there , itact , with ll the luxury ready or everone 's visit .
The ace set out important oncerts , presentations and internaiona fstival until nowaays .
T hater is amous not just bcase of its ae , but so becaus it was built in th middle of te jungle .
During the rubb age here was no urn life around h uld , which is completel different fr toay of course since there is a restored quare and a chrc in fron of t theate , that have the sme ge of the heatr and is surrounded by art galleries , pub , ffies , houses , restaurants , where oups of riends , turiss and famles are usd to go to appreciate te breeze in the d of a wr ay d during t night .
It really worh visiting mazo Theater in Mnas , tkng pictures a havng good stories to tell in your life .
Hae ou ever heard bout it ?
If o iv in a sall vllge , you ma know he port I do .
st of l Girls ay it in my vllge .
In big citie tere 's a similar Sport caled Basktball and this one is more for Boys .
Every moday we met us in t sportshall of Mandach .
Before th ssons egn , we talk abt the news in the village and do some exrcise to get warm .
After our Trainer io hows us a lot tpps an triks .
The reason I like thi Spot is ore or less sime .
I can lay it with gd friends , it 's a unny Sport , but it 's also hadly n o can g to your Limit .
In winter we have some aes every two weeks , where ur frien are istors .
In e last season we reached h second place .
If yo want to now more about ths Sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
You cn ind mr informaions as in the Inrnet .
To sum up I ho to se you on by a game .
In te reaing passage , t writer provdes several theories about the pupoe of th carved sne lls .
However , the ecturr points out th problems in l hs assertions .
Firstl , the uhor holds tht h stne balls were possibly used in hunting or fighing .
In contras , h professor rgues tat they wre impoibly weapons bcause he show no damage .
If they wr used as weapons , they should be broen up or divided into pieces .
Scondy , the writer claims ha the stone bals migh be us as stanrd weights to measure .
Neverthless , the ectuer contends tat e thory is indefesile .
The main reason is tht the rave one bal ar different typs of stones .
It is bcause different ones have iffeent densitie ha the wghts ar different thog thy are unfor in te sae size .
Last bu not lst importantly , th author asserts tha the stone balls might serv a ocia prpos .
The professor , owver , does n't think so because te the designs of the stone alls ae o sipe to show the important social status .
Moreoe , in general , artifac of scial symbol is buried wi its owner after he or e died .
However , the craved stone ball wer no fund er ny gaves .
To sum up , th professor otaly dsagree it e statent in te reading passage .
Life is changing evry day and in the nxt fifty years a o of things wll happen .
Science is developing very quckly an nowadays scientists are discovern ew things .
In the future some dangerous dieass such as ncer or As ill be eated , and there will be no worrie about the .
I hnk peol will not go out of their homes to buy goods an fod or cloths , because professioal robots will be invned ad the will do anyting th ou want , ad they wil oy you ordrs .
Hwver , his c cause a probl f human and some peoe ill ce to the tret of compulsry redunancis .
I woud say that sm problems will happen and people will ose ther os .
I assume tat another problem wl be rbots , because ttle by little te will capture the world d they will become human 's eem , and tht would be one of possibilities in th futr .
In conclusion , I would say that devloping is nt ery od for hua , and little by little th world will be demolishd by human eror .
I op the world wil nt bein detryed by human , but in the end everon knws that t enie of the worl will be rind n nobody wil be alive .
' he Go - eteen ' by L.P.Hrley
This is an origia d moin love stoy that h people agaisn th relationship between the main characters .
And thi story was ld from t point of iew of Leo Clsto the lad character .
Moreove , the whole sty happen in th 20th century during a trip ht Leo ds a calls it th best cntry of his lf .
Leo is a nd of popla by at school as he invents pecial splls and shows tem to his schoolmates , but verything he knows chage when he 's invted to he hose of arcus , who is his partner at schoo .
So there he meets e oldest - gorgeous Mars ' sister nd he imediately fal in love nd since hen the go - between appars in h story .
I thnk veryone wil enjoy ts bok ecause it shows a tpical way of behaving in the 20h century , their ail - routines and the things the do to have f .
Bese this , it trie to give us a real idea of what an nnocent ild ma do to help popl without beng to the rea rut .
hi paper is a review of scientic researches , including agazines , wspapers , websites ad other ; with he purpose of exploring ecotursm , presenting the tourist attractins n beaches to eple , in order to ca it to their attention in relation to th commrcial prootion an local development , ere a lot of eope do ot know the natur beauties of our city .
Warnng the responsible department o mc ty ca do to t ci in relatin to eloyment opporunities , tourist atractions , enronmenta eucation , ecological presrvaton and make it as the best touristic city of Litoral Plista .
Thoghout he marketing and advertising , we want to encoage yung people who enjoy surfing te dissemination of the best baches of ths city to practice it wit others that may he .
Preserving , exploring the trails a beaches , encouraging xtreist sots are ht we beleve that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaid ciy are .
Key rds : ecotourism , marketing , trck , the urujá beach , touis .
In day 's orld pole ue public transport in every aspect of travelling .
Nevertheless , travelling by ar can be ping a real treath to public tanport because it is much more comfortable .
Firstly , hing a car makes travellig uh easier .
Pole n go whrevr the want and whenever the want withou thinking of buig a ticket or getting to a station on time to atch a bs or a train .
Car gives comort because you a personalise yor space an your ride .
ll t same a is also necessity tda , because very often that is the onl mes to get to were yu need to .
However , public transport is not threatened by cr .
First of al , too many cars make twns crowded and reae traic ja , whih is countepoductive .
Secndly , o ar is making as muh pollution as oe us hich transports ma more people .
In my opinion , pblic trnsprt is secured in the fure .
It will ven get more popular becaus it will be faster , moder , d cheaper tha a travellg by car .
It was e ors night we had evr h .
We had never gone to Michael 's houe before .
We were thinking tha meeting there we will hve a funy night in fieds , but we ee ver wong .
When we arrive we saw an old house whr Michael lved .
He was waiting for us outide .
At first , we dd n't hin that soethng a a ging to hapen .
When we o nside his hos , we s a lot of old pic on his wall , it was like a horror vie !
Michael looked vy nervous to .
After a whle , whe we were plain one of s Computer ae , we heard a scream coming from hi garden .
There were w odis in that place .
Th were Michael 's parents , i father s dead , but hs mum no .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodes in a oom , witou knowing that i um was ali .
Wh we aw tht we escaped as fast as we could , ad we saw as i mum wakin to find Micael , lie a zombie .
In the end , We hed Michl 's screa .
We ever e him gain , I hik that wen Mical closd the dor an kn at th moment he hd made a mistake .
The best hriller I have ever ad
It w lng tme ago when I have read tis book but it was so good and exciting th it 's sll in my mind .
That 's a oel writte by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow cmes '' .
There is al a fim baed on the book .
It talks about an ordinary young won o ha everything s needs in lfe .
ftr s finds o th her mother has commited a suicide bcase of ome ind of raud she decies to revnge e but she gets into a prison .
Aer she coms out e deide to make anothe revege eause of h ame easn .
This book is ry exiting because there is a lot of things that ae happening and it 's nt monotonous at all .
It has a o of intrigus nd a t of to thik abot what 's going to apen next .
I would recommed this ook to he peole of l ages becus it s something for vryone .
It is serious enough for the oler oes and it a a romantic side for th youger ones .
It is a really good ok that should n't b msse .
Dear Sir ,
I pe this letter fds you in good healh .
Recnly , I he sen an advertisement abo a ob .
I ink I oud be e rig pern fr such j .
Th following are woh notg about me .
I hve taken coues in the last 2 months in an organizatin that prepaes acivities for childen age btween one to 15 .
This orgaization aght us how to da with children , d ho to make heir lives hapier and more joyful .
here main aim is to make e childen over the oo .
In dditio we wr also augt how to rganze pots nd activities or tem in a way they will enjoy .
Moreover , sir , I hae ake curse in cooking .
I belie tat I am sutale for hi job as I have hge exprence aot what is requed . I oul be on top of the world if y allow me to be n of the tem .
Beieve ou will never regret choosing me .
Sicerly ,
azan Saib
Everything happened that summer I pnt in Egyp .
My mother ad fund a new j in some ancient ruis , right in the middle of h esrt . I should ention hat she wa an impotant archaeologist , known a ov the word , and she d to travel to every corer on Earth .
I usd to end my whl holidays at my grandparents ' coutry hous , surounde by geen fields , orst and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old eough to take a pane on my w d stay ih er r a mont .
I d n't xpect to find nything es ha sand , ht an tourits on my y aross he eser , ve though I was leading myef to a patch of water among lgues of wasteland , the oasis of aiyum .
Finally , my pae landed in Cair almst fiv hurs ate I a lt England and I ha to reembe that the me there were two ours in vance .
When I anaged to reah te ousde I d a taxi waiin r me , proably sent by my mother , so at eat I di n't ave to look or aoter one in he stifling heat of te cit .
On he othe ad , the tai did n't even ve air coditioing , so I sen e two hous of t journey trying to n melf with a magzie I borrowed from the driver .
I rached the hotel well in e afternoon , neetheless , he ai was still oppresive and ot lie at midday .
Ev hogh I had to ber the clmte , I s hap ith eig able to e my mothr moe often tan I ud to in as summers .
I had n't met hr sne the begining of st Februry , n tt w five months before then .
Itrouction
Te aim of ti report is to gv some tips fo tourist wh come to e cy . I will roide y wih soe iece of adice about shpping clthes in the cty as long as some recommendations .
Fashion and luxur
In t ciy ere are many fashon shops hre you an ge e most trny clothes . Y ust be aware tha maybe you will sped mor ney than expected , bu if you a a shopaholic , it ill woth it .
NAY 'S s party dresses and wonrful shos that you can u on pecial occasns .
o wol all in lve with th as ey ae stl colure .
In addition , thy ften have discounts and ofers , so y c get sm bargas is you look into e warrbes .
ind is a moden shop whee ou can find te latest fasion in Milano and luxury complement fm te most known companies .
Clths at short price
Evy Moday her is a street market in the central suar .
Depte they are not ne cothes , he ar usually redy and with gh quality .
If the ida of a sret marke oe no duced you , I recommen you visitig a is a little ho in Saint Peer street , e Old Bag , were o an uy bags an oer complements such as umbrelas , gove d scars .
In addition , The shop is vr cheap a ou an take a u of cffee sde meanwhile you are hopping .
Recommendations
If y are a fasion lover you should vsit Linda and Nany 's .
I recmmed you having a lo nside just in case .
By contast If y a mre likey to save money , the bst option in e treet mare .
I suggest a qui sit to every shop an make comparations in price and quality
A group of young popl from abroad will be visiin my oe town for three monts .
This is a sho report whi will inclue my recommendation about he mos interesting places in my to for hem to eoy .
I hve hosn o most popular plces to av a good im in my ow .
The first pla woud be " uture Cenre " a t second one " Spts Centre " .
In the " Cuture Centre " your young visitors will be able to oin dai cultural activities , suh as theater , cinema nd drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Cetre " hy will have an opportunity to join may sports activities , ch as bowling , swimming , athleics and karate claes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to sa in my town o a e monhs , I suggest ht they should subcribe to a Polish language course .
It is vey helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic vel .
he course oul be tre times a week ny , and fuly pa by he olish government .
T course will give yur oun visitors not on a o of fun but al a general knowedge out Polish cultur d atin habits as wl .
In shr , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience or you stdnts .
Howver , they shold be aware of hih costs of ling in my tn .
When I think in fo t first thoug it cmes to my mind is ham , it bring back memories of h Critmas 012 .
I hve fon memois of thoe Crismas ecuse of the ham ad my niece .
In recent yes , I ha been buying he ha in a shop in Cáceres wich is gely popular a I really enjoy seeig ht my amily is delighte , but overll I enjy eeng my niece , ho is still a chid , ating ham .
vey yer , in my house , we play the same role : my othr a my sister prepare different plate f Chrismas dnnr , and I am highly prbably he respnsile fr carrying hose plates from th kitchen to the ding room , beause e rest of th faml is lot in ter cnverations tryig to save the word .
It w hle I was cmig in and out from e kithe I found my nece tanding on a sde of the table eating ham .
I do n't knw o she took te ple fro the centre of t tale and put it in frnt of her , u she had started to t it , without sking anyone .
It wa an unforgettable momen , I was looking at h slightly exted becse she was eating alon thout help n fast , hic s n still is nusual coming fro h .
If there er mre buses or tans at any ime ( ao in the night ) , it could be onvenient uig them n letting the car in e garage .
nfortnately it 's not posble beaue of the costs that h Economic System oul be complle to support .
So people oftn prefer uing the c n payn for oil instead of h b ticket t having more advantages : not to be contricted to wait for the buse and not to have to take a ai in he ight when ey come bk rm the disco , o emple ..
Recently , in man tons , there is also a new systm r ming arnd the city .
It 's called " City ar " or " Cr Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it fr ur movements ad then leing it in vey part of t cty in h dedicated arking .
It 's a cheap service an it 's very appreciated frm people who eds ar not every y bu only for a little tim .
So I thin tat in a sht time , cars wil take t place of e public tansprt .
h Internship , a flm of Shawn evy with On Wilson d Vinc Vghn .
In his film there are two n ouner men who have lost heir work .
Ty sl clocks , u at a certain time ther factory ha osed .
Ty have to fid another work .
It is n't es fidig another wok or them because th ar alone able to sell .
In the bgining , n of em , looks f a ob asking to the boyfied siser , bt fortunately s riend onince him to find anoter wr .
One day , finding on google , the two friends discover th google look for new people to eploy in i compny .
Thy send heir curiculum .
Of urse ty are uc ore older than te ote candidates , and hen the staf ctrol teir currcuum only o mber confirm hir candidatre .
Despite eerything the could ak part to the compeiton .
The oogle agency arangs a ot of peple , nd declares th nly one group ll have the psibility to win .
Of coure whe the goup arrange themselves , the to old en remain alon n they a orced to reat a grou wit the dicard .
Of course , on ppr , this grup haven't hances , but e events will demonstrate something of dfferent .
his fi is intrested because it drats wrk problems but not nl fr this ; it also tansmis so important values ik , t importne of te slidrity , the group cohesion n the importance n to lose th fait in dreams even if e situation is wittands .
Of curse thre ar also negative observtios about this film : r eample hre r some ponographi scenes in the midle of h story : tey re n't ineresting and te during so uch tie .
In addition some situations of the flm ae taken rom the hig chool movie .
In conclusion th il is ain nd a litl discounted b in e ame tie light a funny film to watch urin h smme wt me friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm ver hapy to ea that y ve chosen to ce to my cuntr ! I 'm sure you 'll lve it beaus o had a grea time the ast im you came .
If I wre you , I ould start in Catalna and I would cat a train which describes a wonderful ote .
Yo ravel around a th Sanih coat n o nd yor tr in Mrid .
So o can see nearly a Sai in a onth and it is quite worth , according to my be friend .
Th pobem is ht you have to book e hote you want to sa so yu ne oe time to rpare it .
You should rig summer clothes because it 's ry ot at i tie of t yer , d some jackets since the north of ti country can be a litle chilly t .
As u know , my fahr uns a tour gecy which needs some n taf an they ar looking fo peoe who spak at least three langugs .
I hik yu 're suitable fr hs b as you can speak German , nglish and rench .
It is well - id although you hav to spe hours nd hors under th su , u it 's a good idea .
It my help o to choose what to study at university as I know you haen't ecide yor mind yet .
If you do n't lie this idea , hee is an excellent website which offer a lot of jbs an aybe you find something interesting .
I enclose f you he ae in thi e - mail , I thk u soul ake a look !
Please , tll me he you ak a decision .
Yurs sincerely .
I think ht there r different types of amous people .
Th mo re famous because he epse their privae life nd all their interet are to making money .
T rt of celebrities r artsts or gd wokers .
ey do not think in oney or ae , simply they enjoy working .
On the n nd , I aree it h statement becaus everyone ha the right to maintain a private lf .
It h to be uncomfortable to go u of your ouse ad find some reporters or paprazi waiting f you to asking or to takig photos .
If something changes in your lfe wil be a notice in television , a eope will invent mours aou you .
ot nw if people take iteret in yo becaus they re real fans or is a rson who ants to tke adantag of you .
On the other hand , I disgre wih he statement beuse if they re pubc people , ans will intret in te .
Tee ae cebrities hat el the life in television and hn do o wan to journalists hse them .
There are other famous people who not appear in televiion n hy are cased by reporters .
Tis is the result ht something new a ocurred a the ant to collect informatio .
It is mpossile to te a private lie if you are a elebrity , ecause pele who lo u want to know aou your privacy .
To suarize , if u exps yorsel to television u will not have a prvae life .
Te be way to keep it is n be a aous pson .
To whom it my concern ,
I woul like to apply for te job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertisd in the newspaper .
Ls witr I h been working as a cah in my basketball team wih kids but ten yers od .
I have formaton in bskeball n Physical Educations .
Fr me ths is very pleasan becus I like ein with chilren and it is a challnge r me .
Moreover I am very active n ardworkig as yo request .
In dition I am ve funny a alays I am joking .
It is not a prolem for me to wrk in t kitchens becaus I cook on my hou ad I tink I do vry we .
I thik this job is perfect or me because I love children ad sport .
lso I ee that I an be a psitive incorporation in the Summer Cmps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
nrc E.
ve yo ever thought about how he hoe of e utre would look lik ?
It would be different from nowdas ?
Many of us hin that the hme of t futu will be xactly le in o favourite sciean - fcons movies or ooks , for example , " Slaris " or eve " Star Wars " .
use , which in we will be ie in he future , wud be fl of complcated to use omputer a robots .
Televon of the ture wi be amiazig , because it ill have a 3D projecor , wht makes that moie will look extremely ralistic .
Remarkable will be of course robo , hih wil lp us in evey day rsponsbilities , for nstnce in cookin deliciou dshs , cleaning very thing in the ouse or even in ahing nd ioning clohes .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreamin of the home of te Future and ever dream is an indiidual , bt in the future , r dreams will com tu ?
Hi ,
Whether o want to visit some ineresting pae or building , you should go to or zoo , whc is na Zlín in Lešná .
here is a nice old chata and a l of aimas , hch are from t whle wrd .
You a s for example tigers , lions , zebras , bids , pinguins or horses .
In the cateau is an exhbitio of snkes and pidrs .
And th reasons fr visting ur zo ?
It 's a beautful plae or every geeations in nature a ou can spend ther all day .
If you wer hunger , tere are some restaurants a fast foo .
But the main reason is , tha Zlín zoo is one of th biggest zoos in Ceh Republic n , in my opinio , t st eautiful .
Please rie to me ak and ll me , if ou like the zo or if you wt on oter pce .
Love ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous people , sch as politicians and ilm sars , dserve to ave a private life without journalists following em l the ime .
On my opnin sometimes trs ' behaviou is very suprising .
To illstrte my pint of vw I at to give some examle .
On the nd amus eole intend to protect eir private live , but on the othr hand they want to be olloed by paparazzi .
First of ll being on h overs of rags hl them ae thir mo attractive for diecors .
The other rason is that aors wat to be reognisable , beaue opuarity giv possibility to earn mre money .
Hollywood fees depend not onl on sills but fst of all on am of this erso .
Fm stars have very duties for example going to t partie organized by othe people fro show bussness .
Dear Jeff ;
Hi , H are yu ?
oestly , I do nt lie Nature Programmes so uc becaue they a so boring !
I personally like Sport Programes and Comedy Shows , because I lov prts d als joy having a good laugh .
My favourite tv shows a " ablemo de Football " , " Sports ener " , " Fox Sport " an " The Spsons " , all ths excep " T Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , baskeball a ruy .
n as a sprt lover I am ld to be informed about he atet matches of e international leagus ke the " B " , " Prium Leue " ad alo te " Natioal League " because of my ee love of sports .
I watch tv abut 5 ours a d and in e wekends bou 6 hours because I c stay in be til late .
I atch oe football matches repetions n Comedy Shws .
What abu o ?
How is everybody tere ?
What is or favurite programe ?
And I would like to know wt is t ost opular programme aon teenagers in our counr
I hope you will write back so .
Love ,
Lautro
Huse no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
nd Janry 2017
Der friend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to yur engagement arty .
I am ver hap beaus you a finall ettig enage .
Y are very luy in choosing if prtner I have seen your le artner she is so beuityfull .o bh have pefect match .
You bo are lie Romeo d juliett .But I am really rry I am not coming to he engagement party because my mother is amit into the hospital .
he a an accident ody .So I have to stay here r her ce .
Once oe I am sayig sorry .
I think You r undestandig my situation .
We will make son another pn after My mother became we .
I am snding o a ift lese accept it .
Please sn me some egagemnt phtograph .
My mothe gis you th bet wishes and Me too .
y My hey to or partner and to your family mmbe .
Tk to me on video onferencng fter party .
Thak yo
Subham ba .
I enjoyed t past summer holia , it is entertaining d I usually travel arond Hg Kong wth my family during weekends .
I have been to several places duing the holiday , icludng arport , Mui Wo , West Kwloo Cultual Distit , e .
Te summer hliday w quite ng , nerly two months .
I usually wake up at aoun nie O Clock in he mrnin and spen the day by readng newspaper , bks , nd alo digitalize soe ido tape .
I enjoy reading newpapes so I ca get pdate on the latest development of incidents and nes .
Furthermore , it cn also improve my laguage ills .
I usually watch television programs fom Disvery Netwo at night .
Besides , I fnd tose talking aout building asive structures d scienc interesting and I learnt so knowlge from those programs .
To e prepared to the thing to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbook , inclding Itegrated Science , Georahy , tc .
And I id the knowledge to be aght in so subjects interesting , while some are n't .
As I am a member of the Robotics Tam , I nt to school for 3 as durig th summe holiday to prepare for a compeiion on ourt of Ocober .
Dspie h hard work , I enjoyed te roces of prepring the opetition a ot .
Nowdas the level of or le has become highe .
We are lookg for beter conditions everywhere .
So a pulic ransport is no exception .
Most people prefer sig tir private r insed of a public transport .
Basicall , there are a ot of drawbacs using this kind of transport .
First of all is a trafic jam , if u stick in a traffic jam in a ig bus y wll waste uch tim then u expected on the road . Bisedes a public transpr are ovrloaded at rush hus .Another downside is that mot of bses a ld and dirty .
That 's why people chos travellin by car ecaus it ' is or convenient nd fast .
LL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engtöm .
I am 12 yers ol d I s bon on Setember , 12 03 .
Most of my time I like hanging ut and chlling with my frend , but whe I am not th my rends , I am oe tudying .
I have one big sister , Anisa , he is 18 years old , and I also have wo younger sitrs ; Alici 8 yars old nd Isabel 4 years o .
I have ny hobbies , u on of my favourite hobbies is to sk dowhill , becase I love doing it .
e eaon w I love to si is the freom I feel hen I ski an it is als my te of prt .
Green And Cla Enviroent
Introduction
The am of th report is to explain te way our Community hve decdd to preeve the ature of our town n which other activities could be useful in rdr to achieve thi purose .
Schols and Offices
On the on hand , if o belong to a Schoo ou can paticipae gvin infoation to the childrn about the athastophic image u ilage wol have if we do o redce the ollution in the inimum age .
On the other an , everyne ha e opprtunit to cea the strets where they spend mst of the time .
It could be te place where you rk or your house .
Nobody has to be worried bou t vacuum or he broom becase it is provided by h Government .
Recycling
In as you do not hv time to help wi th kind of activities tre is a rule o mus foow .
u ha to throw away eey single ting ou hae in the orrec container in ord to recyce them .
Recommendations
My recomendtion is to invest in a god ceanng macine , consequently we wil t hv to spe hours cleani the strts .
A ig number of toursts visis Cácre searchin for ulture , heritge and typical foo om Extremadura .
Fo that rean , hs twn has a l of facilities to cov ht demand and to ofe a goo te nsde .
The ms attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
The d own is an hitori and cuturl center where a grea pa of the oursm is focuse in .
Tis art of the ci is ready to receive it because hee is an intesie ontrol to hav acces to the old town with cas .
Anya , taxis nd official vehies are ree to enter whenever they want .
One of e most paticulr things of this egion is t food and Cáceres is the he ity of gastronomy in Europe .
Currently , Cáere is e onl Spanish it havig a Europan award for offering a bg slecion of food ad drn .
" Atio " is e mt important resturan of t ty and it has een recognised ith t tars of the most famous uid for restaurant rom Spin .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine od resaurant , u it is a fie - trs hoel in e idle of the old tow .
Amst , Cáceres has a great ofr if omeon wants to b ter things ik cothes , souenirs and art .
Pintors street is the comercal place of t city d it has a great selection of shos and resaurants with typical ood from Spain .
Garlic is a plant , member of th lly famy , with an odor and a aste characterstic .
It is known by Hman history at least sice 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is asociated with superstitions , proviing bad or go lucky .
In Acient Egpt , garlic wa se by people for heath rposes .
The slaes , who cnstructed pyamis , were fed with garlic , because th Egyptian believe tt garlic oud make he workers stronger , so they could wor harder .
In Roan ad Greek cultures , people beeved in arlc 's maic powe to avod the vil .
ve Homer cited garlic in his odssey .
In Middle Ages , saors carried arlic with them to ende lon periods in the seas .
In more reen year , in the Word ar I , soldes used gali to prevt from gagene .
At the preent time , modr Science is providing some evidence of a rl beneficial efct of garlic consumption in huma heth .
Expeients made with garlic nd so type of bacteria , revealed e ability of garlic to ill some kinds of bacteria .
At least 23 different types of bacteria wee tesed .
Treby , te bctericdal ffct of the garlic , robaby cn explain some ancets ' blifs at thi pat cn help in some illness treatments .
It can explain t , w th se of garlic was a good option to prevet gangrene in WWI .
Anthe xeriment demonstated a postive effec of garlc in blod system .
It was demonstrated that garlic as a compound that can mae the blood " hinner " .
Ths an be used to prevent heart aack and stroke .
Therefore , inclde garlic in th diet a really be benefcial for health as som cultre beleved .
Ho ny of us today e realy nt helping the environment .
hre ae lot of mpaigns gig on gobally .
Is it worth all th tim , energ and money in onvincin people to be responsile to their envonment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recently jied a ampaign program in Manla , Philipies dedicated to protetin and reserving our ntual resorces .
I was ve enthusiastc in l h activities not until after that n event .
I found out hat the eader of ths organization are t realizing the blief and pricipls tey e imparting to the ubli .
They r o a good representtion of ter ideals .
I backed off nd decided to jt continue to do my personal contribution in helpng mother earth .
I beliv that if we aim r a change , the e hang shoul start ith us .
Maye we can nt convince the whole world participate in helping the nvironment right away , ut it can gin with ourselves .
Afr my awareess of what w happening in our natural resources , I am very glad to ave been dong my pat .
I am no living an evironmnt - frienly liestye since 5 yars ago .
Firstly , I ccle veryday to work .
Th us did n't save me rm to much gasoli expenses , but it aso made me phyially fit .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switces when o in e .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
At home I he separate garbage bis for paper , lasic and organic waes .
Fohly , I am oy buyng ognic products for consupion n keing a mal sie garden at my backyrd .
And finally , I am eucatin my two children abut h mporance of what I am oin inorder to hep our environment .
ll in l , I think that helping r environment de n't have to be big tim . We shoud be aware of e fact that mthe art is irreplaceable no irrevocable .
We av the time now to do what is necessry .
We can egin in ouselve , in or famiy , in our own homes .
Th is a smll start , u will eventully reap a huge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My am is Jua aías nd I am writing to ppl r a corse at the ffective Learnin Shol .
To bgin wth I would ie to ell u that I am rally interested in e course because I think it wou provide me some professional advanages hve in my career as a schol teacher .
Learning language is increasingly imprtant in the teaching sector so I wn to improve it .
I would be able to spend hre onts in a intensive course in spring .
Sating in April or May could be igt or my cheule .
I rckon my ek point ar peaking an listenng sils neverthelss I would be also interested in working over writing an grammr pints .
Alhough I am in my te forties I am stll very active so I like practisin sorts , music an going to the cinema as wll .
I am looking forward to hearing from you son .
Yors Sincely .
Juan Farías
Michael is an American guy , living in and stdyig in he Netherlands at he eidn Unversity .
He livs in h Netherlad for about a er .
He h chosen to study Amstedm because he lovs hat city , it 's his dream it n he oes canals and the Amterdam 's lifestyle .
n da he ent out wh cuples of frends , they wet to a niht lub caled " Mam beach".They we dncin and having n a te he saw a beautiful girl and sh could n't ke her eyes of m , so he ecided to go and talk to he .
She was ver knd and she was smiling all the ime , he fered her a drink a lte in the nih they went to her use whre they spen h night togeth .
T da afer , he woe up with a hangover a ralized that he had made love nafe .
He stared to panic and put i clothe on ad walked to the oor .
Michael closed h oo d knew at tat oent he ha mde a mista .
I heard a nois .
i look ck and i noticed ht the earth was srang .
Moved by my crisity i dug up and found a paper whic contained a ap .
Wihout a second thought i decided to follow the directions on th puzzling m .
I i nt know what i was going to find at he e of my hunt but hs idea made the situatin vn re exctng .
h diections tok me lng a path towards a av and i we into it .
I h been wellprepared and i arried a lantern .
I lked hrouh th darkness n finally i rrivd at a stunin lake .
There s a boat by te hae and as soon as i went on oar it stated to me .
A fe metrs ahed i a a bliding liht and i ralized tat i was nt alne because i old hear e sound of he mus an peole talking .
Dazzled by te su hn i open my ey i realized at i was in a wonderful funfai .
My reaives n friends had prepared a surprise birthday pty that i will never forget .
Dear grop lade ,
I am writing in cnnction with your stay in Cracow .
I know you 're loking for interesting plc to visit so I want to ofer you pla where ou an rest , hae a lot of fun an pnd grea time ih your oup .
I want to recommend e amusement park , e of the most neresting place to visit ere .
On te face of it it sound cildihly but I thn it 's a ood way to pend fre time even for adults .
This is a hu muement prk with ay attraction o young people looking for ecitement .
There ae man carousels , go - carts , slides .
There 's also something f oeone who do n't ike risky play .
I 'm thinking of an aqa park where you ca t only sim bt also take dvantage of SPA , jaczzi , sauna .
he amusement par a ua park r locte close the centre so ou do n't hve to go fr wy .
I hope that o will tk advantage of my proposal .
I ook orwad to hearing from you .
our faithfully ,
XY
The picture shows cearly the prces of akin bank notes .
As is swn in t picture , we an obviously see that four min stps make up the process .
Firs and formast , he bank tes should be designed and the desig ncludes backgrond colour , artwork nd securtyisues .
Ging forward , it shold be e preparatin of mtal late .
In this step , skied machinits is reuied .
Then print t banknte .
In ts tage , ay attenon to te olur , special ik a images slghtly raised is necessary .
Last u os important step is the ipecion .
In this stp , h workers hould tl t good quality sheets fo the band ones .
If t sheets is in good quality , it il be cut into seprat otes , packed and
dspatched .
If th sheest is in bad quality , it will be securely dsroyed .
There will be a third situaion .
When h sheet is partly daaged , it wll ao be c nt banknotes .
T iffeence is the good at will be kept while the bd part will be destroyd .
Well , I 'm ory but , althugh I studied Frech he I was young , I have forgotten almost ll .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google ranslator and I 've could n't understa wa you mn about my English ad Google translator . I 'm us to rite Englis ad I ve an ntermeiate level .
I us Google transator to in an equivalent word to a panih rd soetimes .
It is n't easy at l , they 're too diffrent langaes , a I pefer to use t software " Grammarly spellchecker " to t some help .
Anyway if you wnt to know my level I can el you I 've finished te level B1 .
I ll sat h leel B2 h next couse .
I think you do n't knw r natina eam .
There is a new ad stunning baketball plyers generation .
Mirotic , Ibak , Claer , Marc Gasol ( and h younger brther is all a proise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at leat for t years mre ut as , Felipe Ryes , ud Fernadez , Srgio Rdrguez , Segio Llul , Calderón are young still .
I 'm srry to ll yo , but we e going to ae an aweome team f a ng time stl .
About Ricky bio :
I thk u do n't foow e American ns .
You just hv to earch on outub an you 'll find a o of vides .
He 's improving s ame in a spectacular way .
Indeed , hi tam a most at e e of te NBA tes whlst they re in the middle position now .
It is n't onl that he 's a vr good player ( He is :D ) but as , thanks to h style of play , his assists , an points s sered as a lever to his team that s improved dramatically .
He ega to py as a professional in Span when he was 14 ers old n he egn in ur national tem hen he was 17 years l .
His urrent eam is preparing hi phycally in the g , his phscal form has improved a lot and now is faster , tronge and he 's till 23 yers old .
Watchin him la is a delight , spcially his asssts and juging ame while he ooks at the opposit irectin .
I really enjy watcing him to play a lo .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in he hert of a small vilage " oção " is ery popular , etween teenagers and adults ho love to at pizza or n oter fast food .
As you nter the plae you ar wlcoed by a magnfcent sttin , a o of paintings of the ciy .
Sitting in n table you have a wonderful viw of h workshp - like kthen where yu can e the efs wrking , so you a see how they mae the food that ou il e .
All at food dishes are home - mde .
T chs take grat care in selecting the st qualiy ingredients .
The restaurant al aers for al stes by poviding a large selection of t best wines of he rgion , who are vr populr aroud the country .
Te sevice is always great , the lints do n't have to wait a long time ntil the sh is oe , hle clients a witing tey always give a ndian od .
The price of the fod is very cap , takin into account the quality .
I had a peaant dining experence th oo of the mst exquist flavours .
r thi reao I highly rcomend oing to Di Roma restaurant .
Hi Jarwo ,
I recently tri to ask you se questions thouh your " Ak Me " section in your site , ut it said :
Howver , I 'm Andra and I 'm from tay .
I 've folowd you fo 2 months an I eally love you tyl !
Please an you tell me some webste here I c ler how to style , how to combine clhes ad somethn li that ?
I woud lik to ke my on style bu I do n't kow where to begin !
whenever I search on Gogl " men fashion " , I ny ind stuff fo matu men .
The roblem is tha I 'm ony sxteen ... what col I do ?
Thank you so much !
Pulic transport is ot as valorated as it shold be atough a lot of people es it evr day .
Here are some of my rason o hinkin that public trasprt is important .
Firstly , it is very good r th nvironment ecause it reuces a lot of cabn dioxide gses which if everybody took the ar istead of aing public transport would polue e atmosphere
Secondly , ravellig in public transport makes much easier to tavel at ush hou or on those moments in hich u should t take the c
Finally , it is a od way of travelling becus it is safer than travelling in a c or in a motobike a alo in te a that you e mc reaxd than in a r and it ave tim to .
To conclude public transport is good fr the envionmnt , it akes much easier n ceapr to travel , nd it , in some way , saes lives .
For thos reasons and some oters I think tht public transport must be here for many yars .
Hllo .
I am goin to tlk about my country .
I live in the capial of Sweden , Stockholm .
A big city wt mor than one ilion people .
I lv in a little part of stockholm called andery .
Dandry is n't inse the ity .
It 's ome kilometrs otside of it .
Becase Danderyd is n't in the city it 's very much ture an ice people .
So Sweden is located in t north part of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
It 's a bg country and doe n't have man inhibitants .
Around 9 - 10 milon people .
It 's one of the iggest countries in Europe if yo think abut e area weden have .
Anyway , abt n thousand years ago Sweden , enmak , Finland d Norway was Vikings .
The Vikings where le piraes that lived in the countries I ws talking abot one thousa years ao .
hey ailed to rance and England to puder .
B they also where the ons that first discovered Greenland , North merica and Asia .
h Vikings hee faed fro os people in Europe but they whr so merchants and exlorrs .
The mo people in Swee are christins .
But bease Sweden accept so my people to flee to Swedn fom he war in th northern parts of Africa an the southwest pts of Asia .
Th naure in Sween can be er od , especilly in h northern art of Sden .
If you ae at h most northern pa of Sweden it 's always day in the summer and always night in the wnter .
Also when it 's inter you n see something called e nrthrn lit .
It 's a stange light in the sy in diffren colors that is ver beautiful .
Some st trav to Seden just to see it .
In Sden we he vey goo education .
Mos peop go to highschool and unversity .
There are houg a problem wih jobs .
It 's hd for yong pepe to nd jobs in Swde .
In Sweden we r ey prod of a fre dwnload able rogra where you n liten to almost al e music in the wold .
It 's calld Spotify ad have grown super big .
Thre is als another free program that is called Skype whre u cn talk to eacother and text eachther totay free !
Th gaming comunity in e world is growing fa ad most of te bo that hav a computer play gmes .
In eden gaing is reall bg and here is ao o ga maker that have md a game called BF or Batle Fil .
It have ben a great succes nd is ne of the best gas in t wol .
We in Sweden a al vry pod of our bst foobal player , Zlaan .
He 's one of the est football players in he world and is relly poplr ot in Sweden and in oher countries , espeially in Eurpe .
en thgh we hae a l to be proud of we need to ak a lot of things btter .
In Sweden we have a lot of different peple from different kultures .
The poblem is that there r a lot of swesh people that are razsts .
Not the majorty of core b there are any razists .
Ta can be reay painull for those wo is n't fo Swede from th beginnng .
Or fo those h does n't av swedish culture .
so as I said befre we ned more job .
My hom couty is Hog Kong , whic is a frer Bitish olony .
Ater the andver in 1997 , it becomes a pecial adminisraive regn of hia .
The location of Ho Kong is in Asia , and ts locatn seems to be a bridge etween China and worldwide .
Since it is loted in a secific are between China a the western , both cultures are also bing popula in there .
Dsite the nd in Hong Kong is st 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millios citizns ae lvin in thee .
rom 1980 's , it is developed as an intenational nancial centre and so may glbal investors hav et up their heaqarters in there .
Compare with other develoed countries , Hong Kg 's economy is stable and competing wth Singapoe to be the rime leader of the Asia .
For languages , Chine and Englsh are e min languages wic sin in Hog Kog .
For he eduaton , every deveoped contry is cncerning with the isue .
ong Kong gornment has invested ls of cpital to develop a better education ysem for uilding a knowledge - based society and the bett future .
It is providing 12-yer free education to ever chld nd th must be educated fo at est 9 yrs .
As mentioned , Hn Kong is a special administrative region of China , those ystems a aw are different from Mainland Chia .
Residents in on ng are enjying hghy - freedom in relign , speech , oganizational , activities , oin abroad during the life .
Oing to those separatd characteristics , actually , Hong Kn can be described as a olouful and brilliant city .
Ging places is of paramount importance for pople , n going quickly vn more ; tha 's why I thnk pubc transpot is not the most efficiet way to go plac .
h e of public tanspor tae more ti than uig th a , whch can be considered as a wae of tie .
ou ae dependent on schedules when o s public mea of transprt , tat is to ay you cn not begin yu journey whn you want .
You must wait for the right time of departure d you mst be at e eparure point at due im , which impes gttig to that specific lac by any oter mens of ransport .
All thi makes usi he car uch conveient due to h fact hat not ony do yu leave whn you ant , u al sraight away ro th ry do of yor on hose .
When yo go by car yo ma control or timing , stop at wl an if you go with someone el , it may be cheaper : provied the os of e ourney wil be te sme , no matter w many passengers ou ak with yu ; while on pblic transport o hould pa a tick for every single rider .
Anyway , to tell u the ruh I 'd rather take a trin , f istance , it ans travelling in a relaxing way , not unning risks of accidents , haing the chanc to red or play " travlling " chess , meeting ew people , as in a tge coach but moving ster
Dr Si / Mada
I am writig in respons to or advertisement , whch apears in ths mth 's edition of EnglishAcaem mazine .
As yu wi see ro my enclosed CV , I hav worked the ast hre ars as a persal ssistant of a director of a well - known intrnatioal cmpny based in London while I am finshig my pa - time degree in Moden Languages ( nglish - Gran ) .
Toug my mother tongue is Spanish , my Eglis is fuet nd I am versatile with difeent lguages .
Thrughout my work history nd studies I he displayed excellent teamwork and pople - orientd skis hic I elieve ar crucial capaciies in an administrative psition .
As ell as I ha also work under presue and meet deadlines withot any problem because I am se to be resourceful ad mana tme eficintly .
In terms of my suitability fr reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
In addition , I hv xcellnt customer sevce kils and am hghly efficiet with the use of computers in a id variety of appicatons .
Theefor , I osider myelf comptent a optiistic to espod to the challene offered by the post of receptionist in ou lanuage school .
I would genuinely welcome e oportunity of an ofer to work for yu lanage chol .
I have recently moved to Yor and am availabe for an immediate art .
Please do o esitte to conac me for any urthr iforation or to arange a personal metng .
I look forward to hearing rom yu .
Yours faithfully
I do n't ow wat I ha to y but the only ting tht I know is tht my English prnunciatin is no very good .
I wan to mpove my nlish pronunciation skll so I can be able to understand native peaker .
I ve an Amrican gilfriend and he is vey flent in English bease it is er mother language .
I want is to be fluent so she can understand hat I want to tell her .
I want to tell her too ny things aout my eelings toward er bu I do n't know ho to a tht .
Now I decided to mprove my rting skll because oce it became improv I would be vey apy and I tik tt my iea ' epession will be good .
I think tha my pronunciation will be od he I can speak for a og period of tie and in all if aspet .
So now I have to main purses .
e first ne is to study a lot of Gramr lessons d th second n is to learn how to organize my ideas o a long erod of time spking .
Tank you for seing me the correct form of my writing and I am really apprecia tat vr much .
is name is Mohaed t he is normally alled Fanco , an easier name to e in taly , he Cuntry where he is working .
ohamed is from Senega , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in ducation for chldren d people with special needs .
He completed his studies si yers ago bu sin then he s uabe to fin a prer emplyment in his Country .
Therefore , he decided to migrae looking f beer ob opporunities .
fer a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managd to rch the Itaian cost in 2011.elpe by a Senegalese communit , he h eventually found a o as a fruit seer in a local market .
Despte his high qualified studis in ducation , Mohamed had to cary on a job in a comletely different fed .
he phenomenon of imigration of eple ro Afric to Europe seeking better opprtunties hs become cmmon in the last decades .
Hoever , nowadays even in e rich Western Europe , mny highly qualified uropean graduates stggle to in an emplyment .
hi h bcom a challenging sue that is leading mst of thm to art the same immigraion pattern follwd by Mohame towards oter Counries .
Unlike the os - War socity , where the Europea economy ws boming , ince more an 5 yeas , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whos majo effect are brne by he ouths , incuing the highly qualified graduates .
Such a phenomenon is also worsene by the education urriculum adped in man schools , which has failed to adapt to the chaes brught in the societ by globalization .
Schools nd job markets e oftn separated like two different wrds .
Therefe , once graduated , qualified youths find temslves to face bh t eonomic crisis an a hostile job markt .
I believe that Governments from different Countie should ce together to nd apropriae measure to overcome the economic crisis and so the vious cicl that leads qlified pople to be excluded from th o markt ad , therefore , contribute to orsen the impact of he ecnomc criss .
My name is Chloé Dué n I am both Itaian and French .
I go cyclg and runng regarly so I thik I could define mself a sportswoa .
I am a passionae rear in partiular of trillrs an Frenh poey .
My passin for raels es back in years to when I a ust a child : As I am a curos person I lke tastin new foos a disovr nw places .
I like to think of yslf as a go - gettr so I lwas r to keep myself acve .
I am t a las act t I try to do my bst , so if I he to wor in a team I am th ver ad shar of te gou .
However , as I tend to be set in my ays sometimes I ca appear a know - it - l or too ramatic .
I would li to be part of ths project as net year I ill ave to live at mie of distanc from my parents in oer to stud Medicine .
Threfore I thin thi experience of thee months can off me a nique chnc of growing as a person an better understand if I am actualy ready to be 100% independet .
I think this xperienc is h challenge hat I need in order to become re matre a esonsible .
I eieve that this prjet is the smarst ay to end my summer .
deed following a routine of work would allow me to p my mind in ea and study o or three hours a day .
In addition probably hs project is the bes chance of really getting to know mo about the atic Republics .
A oule years ago I have spent a couple weeks in Bright with Ef .
During this priod I have shar a oo with two innish girls in a ster family .
We got on lie a hous on re and I till keep severl wonderful memories .
Therefore I wod be more tan wiling to share this experence wth another student .
As h h of Septeer thee is goi to be the uniesity entry tet for Meicine , I wil have to ligh back to Ialy for a cople days .
In my spare tie I am te baby - sitter of an adorable by wo is ony 6 years old .
Last yr I id some raphic deigns for e wbsite of a soiet called SHIPinSPACE .
In ddition , ast year I participated in a stage at the L of Rivoli .
I am oing to rept h experice in March at the ocal hospital .
Shopping is not alwys enoyable .
Is it true ? I gre wih is statement .
h ?
Becaus , wh we ecided to go for a shopping ad av an idea what we want to buy a it appeas that we ca n't find what we at , we e disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shoping - particularly for wome - is h be way to ameiorate he mod .
Fr example wh tey find what he wa , or fnd something in a smler size , or jut nd a trfle and ar apy .
Unfortunately , shopping also c bri displeasure .
For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register d it appears that the price on he label is mo expensive .
As we now it , for women shopping is the est way to relax but or mn is just a ortue .
I thik that if her is no pubic transpot in the utue , the traffic ill be a totally ms !
Bcase everyboy drie ter rs and mtorcycle on rod ta th trfic jam wl not only be the serious poblem to the government ut also be th se prole to citizens .
Me vehile on rad that mean more c accidents happenin .
Therefore , t governmen ned to mak a oo traffic olicy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of av prvilee of diving on ro .
If ter is so mu vehice on rd , it may ause several problem .
ne is that people my tuk in th rafic jam dring the rush hor , the scond is he more vehicle on ad hat ean the mo xaust would be emitted into th a , the lt ad h most importnt is he gas a l would be deleed .
In a esut , I think if travelig nly by ca is not a wi choice fo ert although it is convenient .
But we need to hink tt there is a bette a to protc the rth and human 's environment ch as ridin icycl or waiti f environmental - frinly car being inented .
No future r public ransport ?
The lifstyle of the people has canged completely in h ast 20 yeas .
Cr e ore como on ciy rods .
ar Symbolize wealth .
Many peope ve to travel longer distances to work , a most oftn hir only wrkin too is the c own .
In addition most of the peole are no ue to walking on fo een in hor distances .
In b citis wre eople live a mre solate ife a lays in a urry .
Even though ter a re and ore rs on th rod , I do not think this endeny will completely reduce h dend for puli transpottion for h following resons :
Trafic jams cause many prbems in g ciie .
In those cities where the nmbe of te residents is ove a million , public transport sysem is widely used .
ne of t mt widely us is th suwa .
Sudnts often se puli transport eteen cies instead of cars .
hee are ma eole who hav experienced a carcrash , or ust simpy afraid of driving , so ey pefer to use public transport system .
Tho pele o ha mental or othr serious ilness es n't allowed or o ab to dive a car , for thm public transport system is ncessry .
Nt to mention that riving a car means you are responsile for yr passnges ' life a it is ss about convenience even if travelling by car means you do n't need to ajust to oer passengers .
I agree with that there is a ler dmnd for public tanspor in maller cities n wns , but it does n't ma it hs no ture .
I 'm frm Ecdor a county surrounde by a grat number of natural resorce .
We ar an underdvloped country , like the counies ays a " third old country " , but I 'm hppy bou ht .
W ?
, becaue we see devlo countries and the for tat they use the resources .
We e hat they really r , the underdevelope conties that th are .
eeig all of it we wl change or future , oin differet this hat hey have done .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resouces , our renewable energy as wind , solr , hydropower , geohermal energy .
Nowadays , we really fcu on how we n extac his eney , b not in othr mpotant tings , le the way tat we can stat to ue it , e correct use tat we cud ve them or h we n eus the nery .
Starting to velop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and henc starting to estroy t nvironment .
raitional energies a focus on ge to big cities l the resources .
Poor pope leae tir tws to look for a btter lve , but if we start to giv the enough resourcs d dcease their mgration to t bg citie , the ned of ener would be decreased .
lo it is a b opportuity to help them .
Ty ne resources to improve their live condition nti my country cold a th possibility to giv thm a better lve opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development were the goba ineret is i cities , witot loking and help the surroundings .
Nowadas my country ave stare to build a ret nubr of hydroelectric , ind arks nd we aso starting to think on geothermal energy .
But I tin one thin that it is necessary before implementing ti type of energies .
Al of at reqire furte sdies have been done nd ih tht , we cud ko the feasibility of e prjets n the sz of them .
Implementation takes ime and mone , bu if the project oe not work all of hat oud be spet in vin .
Sustainblity is not about earching fo resorces and th bui arg cnstrutions to extract them .
stainability is bout fud e better ay to iterct with the environment .
It is like to make fiendship wt atre d knw that ha it nds of us a sh what we nee of it .
Tryin to tk care of it , etrcting oly he necessary an tring to cause th leat osible damage .
As I said befor all of it neds time and a grat number of studies .
Strting to inteet in aternative energy and ty to s forms to s in you nati contr is e frst tep .
The implementation of procts n need to be ny for spending money .
In a good way implementation of projects hep to improve itizens lifes .
l thos little steps hlp to o ntio to build a developed county , fiendly with t environent .
I li in oe of the ost polutd city in nia nd which is also e caital of India i.e. Dlh .
oweer , the city has ken varou steps d measure to kep it clean and grn .
It makes andaory for he inter - city use , commercial vehicles and ther hvy vehicles to use Compressed Naural G ( NG)insta of diese .
It encourages people to plant ore trees and cutig of them have been mad a punishable ffence .
Buning of leaves d other waste prduts ha also bee made puishabl ofnces .
A lag nmbe of huge capaity wase treatment pans have een established to kep the ci clean an green .
Recenly , o the protecton of environment , th Ho'bl National Green Trinal passed an order bannig desel vehicles of mre han 15 years .
Gradull , peole of he iy are getting cautios with espet to he environment and thy are tyig best of them to kep it clean ad safe .
ople ar iculcaing the habit to dispose garbage at a defid spae .
They are conserving rin water usg rain ater haresing roess .
They are trying to reduce eendency on privte vehices and swithing on ubli transport od .
The are using more renewable souces of energy rather non - eneable sources of energ .
Instlation of solar eaer , slar lghts , ue solar cel wches ad drving elecric cars a in voe in the ct .
MY FAVOURIE SOAP OPERA .
I really enjoy soap ope I have se a t of them , ut in my opino de bs one is an Engish one called fawlty Towers .
It ws witig by John Clees an Cni Both d it shows de dly ife in a fictious hotel .
There are four main characteres the owner 's hot a moody n an h bsy wie , and t workers a pleasant maid an a Spanish waer wh does n't spek nglish .
In every cater new clients go to this hotel d have a o of crzy , funy a sarcastic situations , btween orkrs , oers and customers .
Particlary we the owner gives ordrs at e waiter , this stuatons becme hilarious .
It s a shorter soap opea , oly en chapter , t at te ed it seems you now te for a log time .
I recommend it to enjoy .
Its shorters stories ave have a fun and relaxed tme .
As the technology develops rther rapid , it 's a world - wd phenomenon o or us to fi ha lrg - scale buildings and transort networks ae to be bil for h sa of han 's economy , wich meas ast ares of frmland , foest nd wetland r on e way of big ruin .
A large nmbr of prolem are coming up at resent .
Fitst of all , t environment that blogs to both n an wild ive is going to oe bance in he ecosystem .
It indicates that more kinds of speies are endagered or he a unabe to aapt themselves to he remaining lans .
hen comes the problem of human bings .
Vegetables nd other oo pantin on the farmla wi ecreae so much ta h needs of hun m t be mt one ay .
Moreover , wt e decresing numer of trees nd any ote plants , carbon dioxide can not be opd with by those natural macies , which ill lt h remainin ice in te world .
Thus , the sea lvel will go up to influnce the climate leing to warmer days in h whoe world .
As a as I 'm concerned , it 's ritical r governments to take msues to reduce e problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be pt up to forbid extravaet epanion in the natual ystem .
In addition , supervision of t rotectig tps ed to be undertanken by the government .
What 's more , h importance of he proecton of natur can be emphasized by educating citizn gradually , no matter in caps or in th public places .
Anyway , to k to potect our iving eniroment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuas step by step .
ear Sir ,
I 'm loking for à language centre wich prepare stuens to ta a Cambrige exams especial the F.C.E. On reading e newspaper , I 've ead out ou casses and your thod sems efficient .
So I wode if I could appy in one of you course .
As I 've been taking a yar f , I am available at any time in th ek .
I 've been livng in Irelnd ice lt August in order to practise my nglish language t I ed to imrove my spelling a my writing as well .
I am interested in applying in one to one class in ordr to tudy the ost efficient I can .
Will you ve me or information aout it as soon as possible in oder to book in quickly .
( ho ch ?
When can we start ?
o long ?
Etc .. )
I am ookig frwrd to hearing fom you soon
our faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
h doorbell rg .
Wn I opene he door magie my surprie !
In front of me sod a Hre risna !
I was ane in the oice , it was late ad I h a l of work to do and when I herd th sound of te doorbell I fet rally upset because I wa looking forwa to going oe .
Anyway , he m was wearing an ornge cotume , he a surprisingl al and lim and he was completel bald exet for a long blak ponytail oing o from the ead .
He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't aaid .
On th contrary , I flt rtty amused when he tarted dancing , rncing a singing an unkow song .
It as rlly hard nt to burst t laughing in his fa !
When he stope , he gave me a colored bracelet that it oul mke me happe .
I was so glad to hae h ths comic omen that I gave h a lttle offer ad I nvied him to come back again !
UNFOGETTALE FRIND
I met her in scond gad , we ee qeuin to go to css , th w the mmen I saw her .
And how oul I have knn that s woul hang my lie frver ?
Sh was different fo all the otr kids .
S s quiet , bt interesting at te same time .
We became friends whn we wee 8 years ol nd we visited each other all h time .
At at tie , I did n't have many frends , she helpd me to overcome my problems nd ust myself .
That is y he is so special to me .
We nev hd anying from eh other .
We are diferen , but I think hat tha is a curious thing aou friendship .
8 ears aer she has becme my best friend , my os sste , my omlement .
e s hard to find , but impossible to frge .
eer looked at his watch n knw tht he hd to do somthing immediatel .
He orgo he had a doctor 's apointment n he was running te .
He finishes gettng ready r hi appointment .
Onc on t ar , he strts to drie like a maniac .
How could he forgot he time of hs appointment ?
He still nees to find an AT to withdrawl some mny to p fr his appointment .
Once he fids oe he pls up th car d goe as fast as he can to get some oey .
He finally arrives .
She was waiting for i .
Hopefull o he nex time he wil s up a reminder to avd this aan .
On e ohe hand , publ transport is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rush hur .
Pickpockets can hae a field day with ll th commotion of ush hour .
Becaue public trnspot does o perae 24 hours a day , means people have to follow a shedue .
Furthrmore , tre re certain forms of tnsportation , such as trains , tat do not travel to he suburbs , so peopl iher have to ak lng istancs to reach the nearst stop or be ependent on o fo of ublic transort to catch another which an be a great source of tress if ter is ever a del .
When it omes to e ise if Pets c be like our family .
Som eople sggest hat we have to avoid treati them this way , while e oers maintain h oposite viw .
As r as I am cncerned , the ater ont of view carries more weight .
I am iclned to elieve tha pets n be teaed as a amly members because hy re loal , have sos as well as they a humn friends .
First of all , Ds and cats are a vey loyal creatures .
hee are ay ogs w ar loyal and trustorthy than ny people in the arh .
Pts can nt deceive or li .
Many dog o example help thei owners an protct them om many daners .
For illustration , My fend h a dg , one day when tey were in hs fr .
A sne tried to bit my frind bt his g at the ast moment saves him nd took tat snake wy .
That is why I lov ps .
He me an action whi many ter people could not .
For that reson I ppreciate my pts as if they re oe of my friends .
Secodly , reason for my propensity of treatin pets as a family member , is that he ave souls .
they feel as if thy are uans .
They fel our love toards them and hey c exchange this loe with us .
Wile they n n express tir emotions in ur ordnary ways .
veyone h to treat hem in a kind wa .
Tey will ner try to hurt any human being so why peope try to ut em .
Domest anials ae a very esitive creatures that we hae to treat them as our bbies .
Another pon that is wort mentioning is ha pt can be considered as human fiends .
We can talk , al and hangout wih them .
Many ople can talk wit her pet as if they undersan them .
On ca alk with hi dog , cat or any other kind of ps as they r ter psychiatrist .
Thy discuss wi tm any life even .
r example , I have an old neighbor who ies alone wt his cat .
He tas wt her d plays wi her .
When I se m n ak im how do you do .
He always told me ht we are fie referring to h and i cat .
Afer seeing how this old n les alone ith his cat ihout suffering from oneliness .
I do not in or fear living lone anymor as I hav my rind whih is my cat .
To um up , as a person rechs adulthood , he nee to decie weather to be a hmn or not .
He has to choose between treating his pet as a famiy membe or t .
I would aru that treaing o pes as or friends is an ndicaton of humanty .
Since hy a creatures ie us have souls and feelis .
he can take car of us ad love us in a very interetin wa .
Tht is why I considr my cat my aitful fend .
Hll Pal ,
It 's sc a og time since we talked st tme .
It was in Martin 's party where here was amazin music n ot of people .
Do u remember ?
I ven't hrd anything abut yu since then .
What have you be up to ? I ' ve jut stared a new j in an important French busines .
I 'm delihted although h weather is awful .
I think t rain wil to when ig f .
The iy wre I live is ice with garden and ht 's oe , a hug lake .
I us to go runnig thre .
I wol like to see yu soon .
Are y tll in Bacelona ? We cn me up next month becse I will have holiday .
Give my regards to your family .
e
Javier
Dear r ,
I am wting to u wi the reference to your advertiseen wich I saw in the " Diy Ne " .
I am sixteen years of age , pursung a degree of Intemediae at Impeil College , assiduous to wrk .
I rally find this job eful for me as I have a heart to be it chldrn d wnt to earn fr myelf .
I would love to arrange fun atvities for chilren .
I hae ained sm experience of oking wit chilren while baby - sitin of my cousins the previous yr .
I usd to ook , took em out and played a lo .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
Moreover , I o a diploma of Englih reading d writing skils .
I would feel relieved if o would e me kow about e commencement of the program as I can trave in this month and the salary offered pe wk .
Please do not resist conating me if any furer nformatio is reuied .
I am looking forard to yo response .
Yours faihfull ,
Amina afar
A SEAWEED : OUR FUUR
I el nervous when th phone rang .
I was waiting for the aswer .
I was bginning to work in a research ceer about Enrgy .
My wr wa very interesting and exciting .
Unfrtunatey , my schoarship was endng a I ws thinkin about backig ho .
I ikd a ot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my pojct manager was orrid .
He w lokin fr funds to keep our tam .
We were five people .
I picked up he poe .
It a my boss , he told me : " Go ahe ! , te projct follows ! " .
I hung up h pone and I go t to celebrate e moen with my collagues .
We felt very hap .
Thans r a crowd unding mpaign , we obtined the minnum funds to devep ur novate ok .
We found a grup of agae which store energy cleanly .
We onl needed a watr tnk and the Sun .
The nergy of the Sun w h foo for t seaweeds and th sore it in their cells .
Unforturnately , e rocess only ne on teve hrs .
Our goal was increasng the torage capacity in several days .
We uilt a pilot plant to st or nvestiations in h laboatoy .
h ublic administration helped us he we hwed our soluion .
Nowadays , r tm hve grown up d we r tirty pepe .
We are gin to uil an industrial pant to aciev r dream : storing renewable enegies ihout using toxic mateias an mining commodities from the Erth .
eer looke at his wath and ke tha he had to do sometig immeditly .
He realized that he had forgotte to finish his hework ; theefor , he ran back home quicly , ad star finishing hs homework .
Wil Peter is ing his hmewor , h est rien - Tommy , invited Pter to ay football together at night .
However , Peter deided to rect Tommy 's initation , and continue to do his omework .
Ten minutes atr , he felt bred and wanted to la se video ames , b he had ts of homework to be done .
He wa frustraed .
After that , he took a deep breath on is e n ma s inal decisin : he ecide to kep on do his homework nd project .
On h next ay , he handed in his homeork to hs teacer and he got the hghes mark in his class .
In this story , we can learn that srength of wll is important or us to do somthing imrtant in our daily lif .
Anna kew tha it as goi to be a very special day for her .
he as about to start an important trip , an essenial change on hs life .
Mab the day itsef woud n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , h will remember it ll her lfe .
In the nea futue , she will eplin is a to he frinds in a u , probably hr new friends .
ot eveday yo leave ou ountr witht knowing when and why you will ce back .
Anna woke up at half pat nine when the clo ran .
The first h saw a a prectly paced sitcas near er ed .
The a before all h cothes whih wre inside te luggage had be classified on the ed : troers , sring t - shirts , nightdresses d so on .
Se sighed ad wnt to have a hwer .
S wa doing a the rotin ativities atomatically , thinking in er xt jurey .
h ha lived abroad everl ties but she neve a gne witht nwing hr return .
On tt ment , Spain as an unfair countr .
She w rying to find a jb for a year ut sh as n't lucky at al .
S s graduated , hd vn stued a ater d she had notng to lose .
e as brave and intelligent , so se was going to strt a new lfe with new opportunities in a differe an irer cotry .
Her parents went to e her off at the airport .
hey wer cryig .
It s not asy to leave a daughter go on e own .
However , th ke that it was the et for her .
Goo luck , Anna .
Nowadays , mn people drem of beig famous .
They think that b - nme has marvellous life with no problems , no dties , or rries .
The think that ti roup of people h jut a bette life and higs are going very we .
t people soul realized , that there e mny advanages and disadvantags of ben ceebrities .
As a as I 'm oncernd , there re mr disadvantages .
Basically , faous figure has no privacy .
he ca n't go to the cinema , or tatre , or just go for a walk without beig recognised .
No mater where famous person oe , he mst realized , tt next a he wil be on first page newspepers wit lots of umours .
Celebrities do n't have an easy fe .
I think tey ave no lfe at al .
Beacuse , at is rper in living wen journalist folowing every step th famous pron taes ?
We all re free peoe and eerne deserve to ae hs w ife .
In my opini ournlist and other people should accepted and respected it a sometimes ey soul just le go .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on ht kin of life .
The de tat deisin on heir own .
So , I thin , that they must have kow aout the cnseuences and just lie as they like .
Da Sir / Madam ,
I ve en the avertisement of the aancy in your afe in te local nespaper and would like to aply fo thi postion .
My ne is Mke Hennings .
I am 22-yars l art - tim student of th ocl Universty .
I have had two previous places of empoymen .
Fis was in e bar , owd by my uncle , d h scnd - in a ocal resturnt named " Dragon " ( Chinese usine ) .
I am an accurat , punctal and trustworthy person .
My epoyers have nver omplaine of my services .
I resigned rom my as employment because e estaurant had been close f a long refurbishment .
I am ble to work om 9 am tl 2 pm every weekday .
I am also redy to wrk onger shif on Wdnesdays , a on Fridays a Satudas can wr xtr tim .
If o ne y referenc , I can request them from th University tuden Center an from my last emplyer . I am ready to start my wk xt we .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am available frm 10 am till 17 pm .
I am loing forard to hearing from y .
Sincerely yours ,
Mke nnings
Closseu is the mst fmos and biggest buldng of the Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest aphitheater in he Wold .
e name of hi constructo is related to two reasons : one reason is relted at the dimensions of e builin , the second reson is becus near there is a boze statue .
In 1990 h Colosseum as t in the lit of te heritage of humanit UESCO hie in 207 it was included among he new even Wonders of t Worl .
The arn oud hld about 70000 seats and t rena s about 75 x 46 meters and abut 50 eters high .
It w built between 70 and 74 a .
C.
n it was inagrated in 80 a .
C.
T name Colosseum spread nly in he Middle ges , in Ancient time it was used or gladiators sows n for oher pubc shows .
Three Roman emperors built totally the Colosseum a he were Vespasian , Titu nd Domtin .
Th Colosse was often esored because it was often in difcult situations .
Finally I c say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic consruction as f euty as or imprtnce d if a tourist ame in Italy or e firt tme he should e he Colosseum
dear Si ,
I am writing with refrence to h eveng art course tt I starte last night .
I wish to exrss my dissastiaction with is couse .
The fist lesson wa about painting , but ecaus of the lack of equipmet , we col no painting .
Tere were not enouh brushes a colours o l th studens .
perphap cause we were t may people and als , t re peope we a , th more space we need and the room wa too mal .
We felt hot and he had not any refeshent facilities .
Never ve I seen such a lack of organiztion .
Wen we complained to the curse teach , we wer told that things do n depn on him .
He as nt hepful a unpolite .
It was the fist class , ut as a teacher he could have had ohe haviour .
I oud like to learn in th rt course , bt you houd solve te problems or improve tem .
I look foward to hearing your views on tis tter .
Yurs faithfully ,
Ins olorio
My peect otel wol be near to the each , in te Medierranean oast , because in this re thre are many ourits .
The hotel old be luxoriu but everybody could cme because the prices wod be o , so e hotl would be alwys full , I think that may people nt to go to a luxoius hotl but they ca n't .
h hotel woul ae many services and facilities lie a oo reception , spa , wi conection n ay TV in e rooms , a great hf who d the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a wiming poo , a r in the beach a a ot for tris around the medierraean sa .
I wud like to her te point of vieuw of touist to improe th hoel .
Ths is the hoel of my dreas , but the mot important is tat the people wr happy in their acommodation , if hy e hpp ty wil return et er .
One day a frind of mine w ging to an amauer thatre to e a musical and asked me if I wou fancy joining her ; I am not fnd of musicals , vn though I went .
The peformance trned ut to be pleasing , wi a lot of wtty jok .
he acti wa surprisingly motional , ut a bt woden .
After the hw I s introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
I wandered if he was plannng to eter an drama school .
His nwer astonished me ; he did not want to ecoe a professional actor .
Moreover , he foud being faos extremely rritatig .
I , like most people , tok for grated tht clebritis not ny ek fame , ut aso benefit from it .
The experience gracious living , enjoy glity arties a admire their photos in glossy magazines .
Anyway , it is only one side - What do we know aot e flisid of ame ?
Do we often thik what it meas to live une constat pblic scrutn ?
Ever misake the famo ae is charged against them .
They can do nothing that coul n't be ossipped about .
They are en not llowd to hae anything fr their own .
Paparazzoes ak public teir day - to - day routine , hobbes ad passos .
When it trns ou ha all wh we go use to dolise ae just people wt their shortcomings , we beome disappointed .
We watch merclessl how celebrities topple frm tei thones an ve fin plesure in that .
People , it ds n't atte if they are fmos or not , e just eople .
Nobody is perfect .
h do n't we want to gie peple entertaning us a chance to be themlves ad to have a really privat lfe ?
Hello Beaiz ,
I ve MASTERCE .
It 's n of he bt tv cooking prorame that I have eve een and I abslutely agree wth o hen you say ha thi programme promotes he individual and collctive wrk .
I ave a friend who went to MASTERHE and he taught to he amateur cooks ho to me brea .
He is a faous artisa aker who liv in my tow .
He told me hat it was an exting expriece .
I think tat y gi us a lot of inormtion aou e rogramme , ad our opinion about it is ve interesting .
I reay ke yur revie ! !
It all began a ainy morning of July , school 's out fo 10 dy and as a relts of b grades at schol , chael is orced to pass the summer with his hatefu n rich cousins .
They are ore beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in lov wt their and a boys wou py to participate in their patis , including Michael and thei friends , wh we always excluded .
" I would say sp the arrogane by my cosis " said Michel to yor friend and thought to steal the kys of one of hei mllionar house and take a party with his friend .
In the end , the party turned ot a succes , for Michael as the beginning of his popularity .
But te house was dstroyed n he neighborhood furred or the confusion caus dring h night hd caled t plice ha ithut his knowledge waiting otside the ouse Michel to ake him to the poic ttion .
After everything tat h happene Mchal clsed the doo n knew at the moment he a ae a mistake
Dear Peter .
I 'm very glad to nform ou tat I will be your college at t next sx moth .
I 'll hav plenty of time to do wht I want , however I wou like to spend my ie in the right thngs .
a o hlp me ?
Frst of all , te first tw months , I would like to find an Enlih aaemy .
Improving my English language it 's h best w to apply for a b .
I 've just fished my teacher degree nd I ha exprience in schools , could yo send me an webpage where I can fd mre information abot how to aply o a ob in the UK ?
I thik that it cou be a grat oppounity to improve my Engih skills and lan lt of thng about the UK cuture .
I 've copied my CV at e end of he letter and if you kow somwhre where th ee a naive Spanish speaker , peae , contact me .
I woud like to ve some ney , and at the nd of my UK perience , spend my tie travelling around your country .
Is it itersting ?
Could y tell me the mst mporant attractions around your city ?
Send me some touris information if you have .
If you hv days of I oe we a meet at the rd ad joi me .
Have a ni ekend . Be wishes
uillemo
ink bot yo family , is it imporat to yu ?
It shoul be because it hlpd ou to be wat you re today !
As I am 13 year youger thn my brother , r parents stay mor ti it me than with i .
While he is already woring and haing a hus with is wife d his daghtr , I ne mom ad dad to live .
Now I have them almost just for me .
In a family , responsibilities incrse with ae . I hae some , not a ot .
Sometimes I have to take cr of my littl cosns or my neace , clean my edoom , not uch .
Nowadays Environmeta issu hae bcome a grea concern fo scientist as the rblem is growing .
However , lyma people ee no to wory aou he issu very mc .
What can peole do ery day to help h environment ?
eopl a no aware at a small change in heir ive is of grea help .
Water a eletricity r wated day ate d , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
Transprt a lways been a mao prolm .
If e bus wa taken oe ofte , intead of going by c , it woud be of grea help .
olpe have neer tkn ito account that fact .
Aother mayor problem is lack of rcycling .
If people reyces , rubbish wil be given a second use , nd rubbish mps will be shrunk .
All in all it sems tht if such tiny hangs are me , a huge help to ave naural resourse wll be oe .
deorted wit a phrasal ers
firt yo must xplode the old one and lean up the mess of t exploding , second , pan the wall by yurslf with a black olor unil yu pi up some of the painting skills , or ou can u the wllaper it 's very trendy a eay to put on the al , e trd st is " of curs " you 'll go to y he furniture from Dietta , hre is some tp ou cn tke it , if you are a sigl ! then u n y a big urpe coz sof with many lorful illow to hro it ot ll ovr the place , bu if you are a married !
te le our wf makes e ecisin , finally , if y are brok up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up or iarette an hang out with yur xx - girl fien ,
ky , lt us back to h dcration ,
Ana knew ht it was going to be a very special dy for hr .
She just fl it ude her skin .
She alwys believed in such premontion .
En though she ha forgoten to trn on he alarm clock , she wk up at 7 shap as e waned the dy befe .
he weather outside the wnow were ttally dfferet .
Te sun was shining and birds we singing .
She mad herself a cup of a vy aromatic coffee n she d n't eve ur toass as usa !
he thoght that this day oul n't be rinary .
Sudnly , sh oked at he calendar on th frie n realized that today 's hr birthday .
Morevr , the nex day her arty is held .
She quickly pced he hnd g and an out f a b to university .
At classes everyone was ry kind o her .
Peter rough e favurite chocolate and Kate made a special bithda cd wit a pom .
Anna got the best mark in e group from the previous test .
The last lecture was cancelled , so sh as able to go shoppng with e frieds .
After om hours in a shopping centre girls were very ontnt .
When Anna cme ac home , he saw a huge unc of r ros and eind it Mar was sttig .
Sh started to hot and cry , becaus h was very happy that her iace came from aboad n wek earlier than he paned .
What a urpise !
That s the most lucky day from An'a ife .
Many eople choose to go travelling to relax .
Going tavellin , eope ay scheduled various destination ad tm .
Pope may want to iscover different places in a city , town , eve in an ley .
According to he above rasns , car trelling wil be the be coie .
Unike pulc transportatio , there is no imit in yor wy , no fixed timetable by ar travelling .
You can sart our journey at any momen , any time .
o do n't have to at unil public transport arriving .
As good as you c is , yu cn go nywhere you at ith your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or ci is .
Car travelling mke people feel re durin te journey .
Ther is no need to sit wth strangers wo may aus in an wkward situaton .
You a trel aloe .
o can aso tavel wth our pet .
Ms of he te , pet is ot allwed to be in a public transportation , wich no a good thing or a pt owner .
Above all , r travelling is not oy convenent t alo fe in your journey hic leads public transportation into a ding future .
Th coneptin of beauty has haned since eole started thinking te ne to be thn to eome pretty .
andrne has ben a model o five ear so a .
She has awas looked f perfection .
ls , se admitted she would do anthin to have a erfect body .
owevr , she never imagine how dangerous this b oul be .
Sice Sandri became a moel , sh has changed er diet .
It s ben tee years now since se stopped havig lunch .
Sandrine always skips it bcause sh hins it is unnecessary if sh ants to be thin .
Today , Sandine fainted up during a runway .
People ere very worri about hr .
Doctors si she hs become an norexic .
Sanrie reazed odeing a a dngerous jo , because it can mae yo chane yo mind abou or own by nd diets , a you could esly become il without ev knowig it .
Nowadays , It is painful that o oo many eople realize o degraing and dangerous this jb could actualy beome .
I had never flt so nervus wh about six mnths ago I decided finlly to join the irs Certificate in English ( FCE ) eam .
T exam is organized by amridge ESOL n it takes place twic a year .
Because I ad dcide to ke my ea in June , it ws absoutely necesary to ji an Enlsh reparation curs as oon as possible .
If I wuld like to ass he am , I ad to improve my English skills .
So , I hd strted to learn Engis very rquently and pretty hard .
I had bn earning English for e lst s monts .
I ha studied Engli at leat t hour a y and longer .
Very soon I hd recognized that e prces of eaning s ot easy as I fought .
I had a o of things to mproe , such as wriin and radin skills .
oreover , I hd many problems wih te Enlsh grammar .
It was prey sure that a lo of work had been waitig o me ahe .
ut I am really lucy person . I a oun a od teachr who supported me ll the ime . I also ad some colleagues wo had the same aims as mine .
We had been meetg for learning frequntl .
We d orgaized some dditional exercises , suc as English movies night , a one dy tr to London , d a book discussion abut English writer ad poets .
Bcase we did n't live in any glish ative cuntry , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
oda it is a ig dy fr me and my collagues .
Fnally , we ae he FCE am .
I hope we will pass it , beuse we i u bet .
I wnt to be an exper in such are as riling , exploittion and develoment of oilfield , tha is why I wa to get a master degee abroad , or PD at my university .
I thik I have sufficient background , my A is go enoug .
Beyond tat throghout my university educaio , I have ben a participant of scientific conerence and I too pains to practicall asiilate vrything I had leant ring my stu .
Fo examle , I ha successfully cmplete « Offshore Driling » course of « Total » Proessors Assciaion and I mean to broaden my utlok in the fuur .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As y know I just move too a nw town .
I lve it ere in Spain .
The town is not to big but tll n to small .
I ae alrady met ay n ki people .
I ink I will really like it ere .
Of cours I miss u a ll of my frinds back in Sweden , but I wl viit you guys soon !
Here are ots of ing to do , you can swim , go on a roa ti , visit e o and go for a walk .
Th main attracio here is absulotely h bech .
It 's a ie beach wi white sd and blue wather .
I Love he beach , because I can swim , go tanning , and dive in to te ocen and s all kind of fsh .
I he evrything is great back in Swede , see you son !
Hi David
ow are you ?
Have you re any god agazie recently ? I 've ust boht a new magaine calle coolclub , which only starte a week ago .
Inie , there are really grt phts and lots of articles abu all ou favourite singers d bans .
There 's oig to be a competitions fr a month , whit excellet prizs .
The maazine also has a etter page an they p $ 25 for the ms inteesting letter or email .
I thnk I 'll ry to wte somehng funny , to in $ 25 .
Perhas I 'll describe our joure by boat round e island .
Do you remember ?
You wr takn a photo of me an I suddenly ll in he sea !
I 've always laughed so much !
Write ad tell me about the magazines y ejy eaing .
With loe from Dimiti .
To : The oranisr
From : Joonas Åbr
Subet : pnion on what young poee are interested
Dt : 27.10.2015
re is the report ou asked for abt my opinion ,
what oug pope e intereste in oay .
First of all , our generatn youth people are more
open - minde and toreant in my opiion .
usi sle an
clothes earing changes very qukly .
Television series
or movie do not really change , young people atch old
hws nd new one by tns , so I can o say wat TV
programmes youg people lk to watch .
ow , young eople like dfferent ind of music , I think
pop an disco music is something all you people like .
Because this kind of usc conncts them on arty .
It soothes them , calms te , aggavtes them , excts tem .
Tha is hy music is ery iport thing abou this festival .
Coths them is rder ike I said before , becus fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes need to be pn nd free , simple ough .
We all wnt to feel good at we wear , I recomed hipi syl
clothes , not too hipi , u somting comforabe .
Of course
it depends wat seson ou ding the fstival .
Wen autumn , winter
te tn I sgges ome oth stle , it s to be comfotable u
fashion enough .
Mybe clorfu nd ol blankets hen someone ts
cod .
All in a , I think those ti help y ad I hope yo wll
ive tos peoe oe good internatinal fesial .
Dr Mrs shy ,
ith efernce to or recent ad about weekend cafe work , I am interested to apply .
My name is Amy . I am a full - tme housewife and loking fo par - tm work at weekends nr my me .
I he be a fl - time housewife for out ten yar inc my kid was born .
Cookn is pt of my daiy ork , hich is also n of my hobbies .
I enjoy coing d interested in diferent kin of food , especially sia cuisine .
I had expenience in cooking food n reception r arties / functions as I was a membe of h School Parnt Association of my kid 's school .
As a member , uring many occasios such as Christmas Party nd chool pen ay , I hd pportnities to learn dferent knd of od fo other members as well as proidig reception duties .
I really njoed answering parents ' enquires and introducing ur scol to hem .
These ae inalnable a relevant experience to e ob I plied o .
lso , I am aailalbe to work o long hous at ekends .
It wol be graefl if I could be seecte for interview .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I ok forwrd to receiing your epy .
Yours sinceel ,
Amy King
hether movies and TV programs ade in our n country re mo interstig tan movies an rogrms mde in other countries as een widely iscused .
May people re of the pinion ta doestc movies and TV rograms r btter than forin one .
Hoever , I strongly assert at movies and TV pogras mae in oher countries are btter fr the fllowig resos .
To begin wth , forign movies d TV prgrms ae more timulatin .
To elaborate , hir story ae better as thre are more twists a turns in pos .
Altough te lots full of turs , they still very reasonable , d ot mke their auiece fet tht e plots r vry trnge .
Mreover , the special effect are better because foreign ovies usull cs muc ore money hn native to make .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional mve , Avtar , h ove maker spend a lot of nerg and ti on devloping he novel movie genre .
It eventualy made very gd impression on t audine , and e most important for a ommercil move , it realy d very el at the box office .
Addiionaly , eople cn learn more things fm foreign TV programs a mves .
Watcng freign TV rorams nd movies , their viewrs can learn not on freign laguage but also xoic culres .
Furhermore , foreign TV r more internatinal n educaioal .
For instance , we c know man foein news from wachig NN .
The news in CN inluding events which r apening all ver th world .
ha 's mor , the Naioal Geographic n Discovr lo teach me a lot of information and knowledge hic I ca n't learn fo nativ programs .
In contrast , sme peol cnsier that domestc films a more famiiar tha foreign ones .
hy do nt ant to learn so uch becus they just watch ovies fo fn .
There is sme truth in e clam tha watcin movies a TV programs is a laxed activity .
Howevr , I still consider that if people a len some frein culture , or appreciate the spiis which oreign ilms cotain , tey could gt more reflection as recreating .
Plu , watcin foreign programs also could atta the al of those people-- relaxation .
In sum , although the ae some dissning vie , one n stll afly come to the conclusion that foreign fils ad TV prgras are more interstin than domestic movies ad TV progrms .
Although movies in ur own country ar moe popular tha past , the forei movies til play important role on domestic mvie goer 's md
Wth an intese pssin in fashion , I spire to ecoe a professional product merchandser in the pparel industry ad initiate myown bradng business wt my older siste and hr husband .
oh of whom hve re than iv yrs of experience in marketing planning n on a large numer of fabric sources .
Theefre , I la to maxiize my previous experience wih knowledge of psycholgy , skill of product dvelopment design to pursue graduate sudies , and build up my biliy in he Mstr of Fi Art program in Fashion merchanding at Acemy of Ar University .
It is said at t main objective of eleevision is ntrentein peol and ma tei re time happier .
Hoever , telvsion should n't be used nly for this rpose for different reasons .
On th e and , mos people have , at least , one television in their hoes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
For ths easn , instead of entertaining , television shou cntain educatv programmes .
Nowadays , cildren spend more im at home tan before .
They are se to manage different technologies as television or comptr .
I think ta childrn ca n't be supervised r their parents al te ie because they hve to work n mk hom tasks .
F tis reason is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
I ' am not saying that television a to educate r children , u it has to offer prormmes which mae tm revise essential things as numbers or lettrs .
elvision is ry mportnt to gve language ills to children .
Wen I was oun I used to tch television very aftrnon to learn intresting thigs as geography or maths and it heled me a l .
elevision allwed me to ler how to speak Catalan correctly an it also gave me a ood conversation issue to tk with fries .
Food passion !
I lik very uh to eat , when I a , in the ub near my house .
In this place " Stella d'oro " the owne prepare deliciou rol .
In particular vry week ou can fin " Il panin più " , a speca rol created by e fancy of t ook .
Of course I prefer to go to this pub wi my fmily or ih my friends , espcially if I ha to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniveraries or oething ele .
I rmmber , when e of my daughters celebrated e eighteenth birthday , he pub 's owner pu the numbr eightee , made by cheese on the rl , wt a little candle .
When I go tre I al dnk a good mixed eer : hl lit beer and half d ber th of a good flavor .
Of course wth e roll we alo order a ot of hips .
If we a al tha we e sil hungry we order akes .
hy have ay dfferet ckes : profieol , meingata , tiramisù n so on .
Of curs if t six of us go together is quite expensie , b if I go only with my usband I do n't spend so muh .
I ugest everyone go to this place bcaue nt nly is the fod good b also the onrs ae er friedl .
The only probem is to find arkin space bcause this pub is in a narrow ro where it is ot easy to find pae to park the car .
Bu if you are lucky you can park .
Sme eople say that soping is not alwas enjoyabl .
Of cure , spending urs in th shopng mll may be tirng .
Bu it cn be also really rlaxing and plesnt .
It is ad ht only mn hat to go shoping .
Espcially with their mthers , glfriends or wves .
t as women thik tht shopping can be an unleasant experience .
Partcularly hen we tak about everyday runni fom shop to so to buy lettuce , me or a too past .
It can be really frustriting .
But wh we think bout going to the shopping centre wth our frinds it n be fun . We do n't even hae to have mny , because we c just go and do windowshopping .
itout pendig mney , we c et inired by ew collections or people ht we e in h city .
I c undrstnd pople who ay at hopping is boig .
Especially when we go ro shop to shop but we ca n't find anyhing interesting .
n I do n't een nt to think abo the siuation he we really nd to bu soethng eause of the cming por wedding .
But we can do onle shopping , which sees to be esir sometme .
It is a good for peopl wh do n't want to lve their homes or they just do n't like the crowded shops .
We need shoppin .
vn if we do n't av to do daily shopping bcause of our mote or someoy ls , someday we will have to go o d y something .
We al sometimes jst ne to get w clothes .
Generally , shoppig can be se as njoyable experience or us a usual need in order to urvive .
A mst fams person om my cntry is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always plnning h to make people life more comfortable a better .
He deerves to be famous because he hs hi on charity and eps to poor families with little children .
Sometmes I lisen to e raio and hear his coments aot ome global problems in my o cuntry and sme suggest abut ow to make our life better .
The doorbel rang .
We I opened th do imagine my srprise .
There was a itle cardboard x wi my ne on the top .
I picked it up frm the roun .
I was just about to clse the or , when I herd mu fr t kitchen : " ho wa it , ran ? "
" at is it ? " h asked .
I had absolutely no ida .
I strted to open it vey carfuly .
Thr wa a ticket f my favourite msi band .
hey ad a concert that evening in e York .
I taked about it with mum . "
Should I go if I do n't know , wh ed ti to me ? "
She was rprisingly open to thought that I old ty it at leat .
It s n't common from h side .
So I did it .
I ws sitting and waiting in a conrt ha .
The eat next to me wer stil empty .
When it appene .
In th middle of a row was stndin my mum ih my dad , who had st returned from the war .
I we absolutely eited .
It ws the best igh of my life .
UNEXPETE VISIT
The or ell ang .
When I oened t or imagine my srprise ...
There was se , staying rnt me .
I thought I was dramig first .
hat the hell she a doig here !
w da she culd come to my door!hre w no wds to express my feeins ...
She 'd stolen my fiance many years ag .
We 'd been preparing to g married .
I'd een in my country f a while since I need to apl a vis for living in his country .
Sudden , he 'd cut the cnection btwen us .
I cud n't et in och it m whatever I 'd done .
ver ay I 'd tre was ueles .
He 'd se all between us .
Afer a whe , I 'd seen a picture on his facebook page .
It was an angagement in !
he congratulations words elow e pitue was explaining everything : He've g married to somone ese !
I coul n't eleve my eyes !
Hw come he 'd oe tat to me !
Wat happened all tho words he 'd given to me !
Aking him was useless .
Al the anser I could tak was a huge silence ...
I maged to kep calm though there was thunder nsid my heart .
Bt I oul n't speak anywa .
Just loked hr with askg eys .
" He 's ed . " e ad as if s a whispering .
Her voice was weak ad shak .
" I 'd fund hs in his office . "
Then handed me a box nd waked away .
Nthing more ...
Now , after all those lng years have gone by with ful of pain , disappointments , missing nd regrets ; ll I have was the memories which saved by m into a littl ooden box .
I 've never gt e reas made i lev me although all his lo o me , unfortunaely ...
eople ague tha toa 's televiso is a load of ubish , he uality of ay programs is absolutely questionable and in mny ase he language is vulgar .
Reasons y telvison hs inherite this reputation ar several .
First of a , te many repeas of all programs like serials or films do t motite people to ath it .
hen , e large nmer of ntertaiment programs brodcated dscourage those wh want more cultural or factual programs , as th hv ee drastically reduced .
It seems a result of t fct that , after a lng y , peopl prefe to unwnd in front of te televsio , wthing " entetainment programs " rather then ews or wha 's up in th Wrld .
Moreover , on televsion there are a t of advrtiing costantly interrupting h broadct , an of core hs ac is vry unpleasant .
Dsite al hese fct , it is without dou that teevison has chaed our lives .
Thee re lo positive things that we ha to take into consideration befre to condemn it .
For exapl , the wder choose of proras fom all er the World , allow us to dscoer new cultures , w languages ad n societies wihot travelling , a th nhace or knowledge .
In addition to that , th cost of te teeviion as an entertainent form copared to th cinema , he theatre or per is haper a affordable by everyone .
As , it is very importan to remember that we have always he possibility to cooe wha we want to watch an wn .
To sum - up , I hnk television is a er good val for money , the point is big abl to chos wha we want to watch .
Famous eple are eosed to critism nd public opinion , but hat dos it men ?
Firstl , there ar two kinds of famous people : those who an to have a private life and o do n't wt everybody knowing each aspt of their ves and those who sel certin parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or heir entire piate life .
Secondly , taking this into acount , I hink tht everybody has the right of ving a rvate life and the right of living without journalists following hem to everywhere .
It 's tru hat teir lives are too mc exposed a th cn ot have a normal le .
Of orse , they cn contrl tha by complaining in a trial .
Thirdly , in my opinion they have th right also of selling ol te parts of thr lives they want .
B in cntrast , tre is t rolem of en he should stop , nd journalists continue sellng iformaton or pictur and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if yo have sld a kid of thing like thi before you ca n't say nothin .
To sumarize , I blive at everybody desrve to have a private life .
Whe it does n't occur , hey have to go to trials .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rwardng to receive god news fo an old friend who has bn absent of my lif for so log time .
I would be completely happy to prvie you with ome accommodtion whie you stay in my cutry .
I am current working at a plac here I am etting a ret age so I have e possibili to acompany y on yr journey .
We mgh go to the os reresentaive places of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , mog ay ohes .
In mexico , a foreign eron do ot fe difficulties to be hid by a compny . I would be leased to help yo with this part of your perience in my contry . I kn that yu are someone who loves anmls ,
peraps we ca go to the cit zoo in order to verify wheter there ae ay vacanis tha fit ith yu .
Something I can do is to make ome research bou the places that eed peopl wo speak Englsih fluently .
As you know , in th cuntry if you ae someone w speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a eat job .
Please let me ow if u nd sometng extra while you are here .
Maybe a special diet , secal clothes or any kid of thing ou might need that will o be easy to find her .
Bst egards ,
Luis
I layd wrestling at the Clleg .
This s during my first year at h Colge .
is sport is performed in a grup of twos .
It is performed ne after the other accordig to her ae group .
Wrsling is new sport , which is unnown to man of my colleagues at the Colege .
It is played by bth boy and girl .
Wrestling is perormed dring the igt time when h moon ligt is on .
Wrestling is contested by two people whil thers wait for their urs respectively .
It stat with a drumng n singng by young ils of he community .
This ee all h beautiful grl r shon to he young men of the communiy .
It is another metod of admrng girls .
Wrestling is both interestin and entertaining sport .
Traditioally , we provide a fiewood as a mns of ligt at night o te sport .
It takes place in the middl of the village whre tere r enough space or h pecttors .
efre t ontes sats .
Refee advie players aot e ues of the gam .
As uh , referee explains te rus of h gae thrugh ther catains i.e. Healh and Safty .
The am starts th dancing and singing .
Refreshments ar on sale at a discounted price to visiting team .
Thi is a sport rformed by young people only .
The ationle for e College r : to educate h student about ou ultue , rital , alues an out ways of lif in the village .
First of l I ived in London for the weeks in 012 .
I am a teacher in a Hig School and t authorities in my coutry lt me sta there , improvin my Enlish .
I would like to sa at learning any languages is complicated to soeone , whatever you coe rm , but in my opinion hee are may matter to discuss .
A good ilustration of is would be chiden .
n child whose parents oe fom differnt countries is able to lern w languages at t am te , this child oe n't eed to go abroad to learn a foreign anguage , but hey r listenin to hei parents spakig Englh hei ntie angage al e time nd ti le them lear without any dffculty .
On the otr hnd , if u go abroad you will be ble to improve or Englih in anglophone ountry , in this case , your knowledge wl be rinfrced wit your ta ther .
To sm up , if y want to lean English o do n't need to go abroad , ou can iprve yu nglish working ard inside yor n counry , fo example , oin exercie ike listening d writing or you c meet wh ntve peple o spak English to practis with hem .
But if o have on opportunity to go abroad , this would be so good or yu and your English .
After my graduation , I wa epoyed by AECOM si Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I s assigned to or on project of the P Pwe Hong Kong L uder agreement of Term Geotehical Consultancies .
I assisted he rject engineer in Engineer Inspecion fr Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is essential for all m - mae slopes to avoi deteriortion .
We a working on those sops nea ower station or pylon .
The maintenance reonsibility of tose slopes belongs to th P Power Hn Kong Ltd.
Before inspection , I need to ake e course which is conduct by CLPP f the acces permit .
The ours is mainly on workplace safey witin pwr staon .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
my name is Eeonor Palerma , I am 17 years l and I live in a city in northen Italy called Seregno .
I am writing to pply for te job of summer ap assistant wich I sa advertised in the " Day mal " .
Apart from studying at he high school " Marie urie " of Meda , I si in a choir as a soprano and my direcr would be pleased to spa r me if you oud lie to conact m to ge urthr information .
I am keen on sprts , espcially volleyball , ich I started playig at an early a , and I suppose I would be ale to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
I tik I would be a suitable candide for the j because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I he reently attend a corse about first aid so I woul be ready to medicate children in case they get injured .
In addition to my native language I cn speak Grmn as wll as English in fact I am attendng a fis certificate corse o ad at year I spent 2 monhs in Berl , my german techer woul be hapy to receive your call to tel o more about my language experiences .
If it is necessary I woud be willing to co for an interview at n ime .
I hope u will onsider my application .
ors faihfully ,
Eleono Palerma
these r the references Mr Zandonella at 334 2356 nd Mrs Malviini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
thy are oe th willing to rely to your requests .
In my opinion , te hme of the future wo n't chae much .
It still hs to hav the same elements lke : oof , walls , flor , ceiing , asemet , loft , dor or windows .
Constrction wil be ameliorad .
Hoeer a weeing pperance wo n't be diffeent .
Although , I ink , ta ll the ytems , hic work in homes ( electricity , as , eting syste , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
New tchnolgies are goig to sie architeture .
Though , it il affect on te evironment in a good way .
I think , that he me of the future wl be huge , u single - storey .
For one hing - convenience .
Nobo likes stas and lis .
The next hing is bi windows .
It is the ost important lment in h me of h future .
ge , bulletproof window ar my biggest drea . I coud n't live ihout them .
Eept th , evry room il be ful of interactiv gdges .
Owing to that people wo n't need to me d talk .
Roger Oefe 83 years od is being referred to your care for further assistance .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma left shoulder .
He hs been admitted into our cae on 16/03/07 a underwnt a surgery .
Since his discharged from the ospita we ve been doing our dal hom vii and wound drsing and also sisting im wh is showerig .
Mr kefe 's general condition as bee impove .
His woun is healing wel an is free from complication .
Mr keffe , who lives ih i wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner and no children .
On oseration thy are gettig se help fo hir neighbors , however they are havng polem keeng up tir household rotine .
As per h doctor 's rde we hav organized daily home iit unil 4/7/08 after whi our nursing cr wil end .
Terefre , it wuld be greatly appreciated if u can rgnize a home visit nd povid urthr assisstance fo this faml .
Should o hv any question plse do nt hesitate to cotact me .
urs incerel ,
elod Varela
Dear stdets ,
Welcome in the ci of Hasselt .
I wish yo a wonderful time in my ometown .
Hasselt ofrs a wide range of ineresting activities and has a lot of placs of interet .
What you raly can ot miss is the big shopping street .
Haselt is famous for its grat shopping ccommodation .
Yo il fin l differnt types of shops .
Hasselt as it all , rm museum and hos with te lates fashion , to shops with local products uch as ginerread and gin .
If y ar gettin tired fm wanderin through all t treets and alle , yo can always go nd have a pleasant drink in one of t mn little cés at he market sqare .
In the ening , hen ll th datrippers are gone , e cy wakes up again ad all te bars repen .
You should realy have a tst of asselt 's dazzling nihlife .
id regars , Wouer .
THE MOST INTERESING WEEKND ON MY LFE
I had always believ tht th es mories of lif ere when yu meet new pole , e places , gong out with you friends , tkin sun on the beach , thnS like this .
Are butiful momet , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesig tha havng al yo family togethe tlking abot hole background .
Surprising sories that we will not never imagine .
My family re n't so close ad is distribued in mny cities on my country , after some incidts in he past , many thngs canged and each family fllowed their own wy .
Howevr , my siblings and I decided to set up a b surprise to my fathe f h birthday nmbe 50 .
We tried to contat e mo mount famiy as we oud .
It wa a perfec weeknd because there wa a holiday on Monday .
We rnted a wonderful place outide r cit , spectacular amosphee .
It a e most interesting d astonishing weekend that I have lied eve .
Firstly , to s father 's face hn he w all people .
A on time I haven't een my fher so happy . econdl , seein how big is the famiy ow , ma children .
Everything was amazi , a lo of memores , we laughed a lot , we i ny activities like b , tble ames , watchd movies , swimmng ol , among thers .
w I beliee that the best moments in the ife r wh yu ave time wih your family , is th es wy to reharge eegy r everything .
Mn times we p more attention to other things , it can do it in ay opportunities .
Family is one , and we do n't kow wh can se them .
In my opinion travellng by car is more comfortable than travlling by pulic transrt ecause you can choose where do you want to go n e tme you prefer to srt yor tr .
Trelling arou the cy by car was faster than ulic trnsort .
If I won the lottery , I wod buy an lecric car because ou can u pak in the centr of the twn .
And when you nt to mv around our city , if you go by car , ost of the time you ca n't prk your r because there are er few r pars in te ciis .
Sometimes ubic transport is inerestin because y c use it whe u wnt to go to a party a you probbly rink om wine , eer , c .
If y woul ike to go fast to somwhere , do n't s pblic rasport becuse it is very sl .
e problem to use ur car insea of ulic tranpor is the pollution .
If everyone use pulic transport cliate change os not icreae moe .
Hi Conie ,
Hw r you ?
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing ths to you to a what I do in my cotry to hp savig the eviroment .
At my schol I do n't do at much ecaus we are just ie people that are worried abut the world .
We tied to convince th Headmaster to hlp us monetarily but it was n't enog .
At home I convinced my fmly to recycle and reus e wat that we ca n't drink , to ive to our plas .
w what do ou do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me I 'm curious .
See y
Francisco
Indroduction
The aim of this report is to otline what are t best plces to have fun in Valenci f youg eple , ht faclities exist for them d hw tese cul be made better .
Actvities around the iy
My ity , Valencia , is a touistic cit situaded by the ea .
Yung people ca enjoy oing to the cinema in the city cente after having so " tapas " an soe drik .
Also , it ould be a ood idea go to te bea to ped t dy and pla voeyball or sunbathn , because this it is lways a good plan .
Valeni , has different rea to go t in the evening , but sme of them required h passpot , so if you ar youger tha 18 it wold be dificult to enter .
Moreover , you can go to ea " Paella " and ride around e " Albufera " of Valencia in a mal bo .
However , he rt and scence mueum , it old be the funniest plan .
Othe activities in t surroundings .
In addition i suggested going by bus around t suroundings of the city , whee ou can do adventure sports , like canenin , cimbng or just wling aron he ountains a enj t countryside
Recommendations
I recomed that tey shuld do both activities , alencia ity nd aso de the urroundings .
Mabe I could check if I can brg you some free tickets for e pubic transport .
It would be great !
My family aand I lk to watch movies all t tie .
We a alwys go to e cinema to watc a new one .
My favourite kid of mve is cmdy a drma cmedy ecause it has iteresing lo and person , wh wtces comedy can lought al th time .
Whle person is watching ti nd of movie he / she is jut relaxing a a a od time .
N I will further develope ur last statement .
As Lod Cohen ( the Dretor of e Worldwide Market Analysis ) sd lottey play is o economicall irrational and uninformd .
He presens a heoy in which buying lottery tickets is no a misgudd iput into walt prductin as sme crtics believe , u a valuable input into craing a sen of posiblty frm scaping from oe 's current life by acquirin wealth .
It is certainl tre th eope w play are almost certain to lse one .
hen 's knwledge is that playing the lottery is not automaticly irrational .
Some people like to calclaed th gain or lose from buying the lotery bu other peoe that ca afford a dlar ticket now prefer to keep teir deams .
Peop do n't invest the money ey sped on lotery .
hey spend it and gt thoe dreams in retur .
Though this as been an amusing deate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that lottry shoul n't be nned in e US a Spai , bcause it is a tradion , it gies hlp , ope a support to public entities d it mus be a rational investment .
Hel dear en ,
I received your letter yesteday .
Sorry f my ae anwr .
I ope my suggestions will elp yo .
Ou ity has only on airport .
irs of l you should id h entranc of th airport .
Then y huld kow that o here will be two kinds of transport .
Txy is e first variant .
It 's the quickest a to oe to my home but at te sa tme it 's re expensive .
Also you an use e s .
u should write me te ext time of your plae arival .
Tn I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
It might be re boring way to my home ut I lk it r the price .
We u hr the u stop Ploshad Truda u soul eve t bus and I 'll meet y at th b stop .
In my opinion e weather is beter oay tan yesterday .
t it hs een rainig f fur dys .
So it would be ery well if ou ta a war oa nd an umbrll .
Hopig to see you son ,
your friend , Smon .
Rport :
e swimming pool in Brunete hs cusomers from all age groups , t it is especially stable both for young and elderly pepe in order to mprove their mobility .
e building s t changing rooms o men nd woen .
everal bthooms ar vailabl with cold a hot water in tm and a 25 metre - lngth eate pool .
As far as I am concerned there e some pros n cons about the use of the swming pol .
On the o hnd eveythin is very cleaned inclding floor , th and crridors , in addition , if ou are a disabled rson you will t have ny trobe to get thr because there a some mps to help ou cme in .
On the other hand u will have to pa 45 euros a mnth to use faclites , and beides , you ill n be able to do eercise bcase tre is not any gym inside the building .
In my opiin the swimming pool is conveniet becase y an walk to wim if you live in ton bu is vey expensive , particulaly o youg pople .
I suggest ht prie should be lower than they acually are .
Faou peopl have en alwas sorrunded by a o of jornalist a paparazzies who follow thm wherever they go .
The people cud be politicians , film trts , singers , football layrs and so on livin in a onstnt stres ecase tey an not hav a " norm " life , and , ro my ont of ve , that 's nral because thy lie for thi , they are public people and because of hi they have to keep calm ad carry ith it .
Therefore , most of this aous pole complain of is b it is loial hat l the media , televiion , radio and journalists r constanlt evoting very iute of the dy to them because people are interested in tem , in noing wat hy ar doing every seod , in knowing wih wom they are , in knowing what te lie or do n't like , their hobbies , in srt , in knowing everything bot hem .
In conclusion , bing famous is raly dificul d frustrating as ll , but in conrast , ey earn a lot of money and they are ved by so any people though ty have to accept some citics because o verbody has to lve them .
I do ree with a stateme tha shopping is t always enjoyable .
When we nd to b smehing , we ostly choose shppng centres .
It has many disadvantages .
It 's a lag space ih a o of sops , so we need much time to visit a of them .
fer a f hours we are so tired , that we do o have per to do anything ele .
Beides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energtic music plaed al the im ad a crwd of people , so we get hm with a huge headache .
Mne is noher reason why we do not always enoy th shopping .
We live in a ti of acquisitiveness a pele buy may tings , even if they ca n't afford it .
Of course , pope usuall do ot ed al of tse things .
Th behaviour caes a mal hngver and a iral of redit .
Times in which we liv a cnducive to addictions .
People adicted to shopin in the lng run do not njy this rita anyore - the do it ut becuse tey have to , alhugh they av no ney n no spac at oe r all those things they u .
I think we should learn to bu onl things we eall ed an we ca aford .
Sometimes beter is to visit soe small shops than big centres .
This hould help us ejy shopping .
Public tanspor is the fture .
Tda in big cites pubic rnsport is necessary for tourists , students , is and workers ; but te situation is ey diffeent in sal cites .
In tay there are fw citis ith e hunderground n fen in te saller cties thre a only u .
A god public transport is e sign of a civilized city . in this wy ther a fewer cars so less traffic .
Public traspot also reuces t cr ' pollution ad svs fuel .
I pe r the et generations a better public service n an increasement of is u .
thanks to this e lf stryle our cies wl be mr veable .
I e up at 6:5a .
I brush my teeh and bush my curly hair .
At 6:20 I open my ltop , go to ae : Yoube.co and sat to study French ith Mr .
Ala Giodan eve mornin .
I writ down new Frec vocbularies or gammars nto my notebook .
Aroud 7:15a , I ta a sowr and g ressed , I usually wear jea d T - shirts .
I pack my backpack , te my garbage b ad look around my room for ne ls ti to make sre : I do n't forget ything . I go downstai ad put the garbae bag nt the trash bi .
I go to th gage to take my motorbik .
It takes me aou 30 minute to drive to my company , It depends if h traffic 's god .
As usal , I buy a coffe an breakfat on the way , I can ve bead or sweet otto o my aily reakast .
We I 'm at wrk , I ceck my emails and epy if it is urgnt and rte down " to do lists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I ve many chices o lunch but I prefer Hu Ti or Pho .
I ce back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
I go to my ar clas at 6:20p to 9 pm on Tuesday nd Turday venng .
Th the evening , I sy at home d read books , or do ome Eglish exercises to improve my English skils .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I still stuy rench with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday aternoon I han ot with my boyfriend , we go to e cinema or h coffee sp .
Sometme , we meet our mutual friend nd he dine th them .
I ften tidy my roo and do he washing on Sundy mornng .
In the fternoon , I do my ar exercises or rea books .
I alway go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hel Mark !
ory for my late reply .
You should n't spen so muh time wathing television because it is n't healthy .
Actully , I do n't wath much television , because I do n't have much ee tie , bu if I ad it , I hink I would watch moe .
Now , ht I 'm on holidays , I ach mor tv , esecially some series ike : Criminal nvesigation or he Mntaist .
Tey are really good !
To relax , I ue to red , liten to muc , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shoppg , ride a bike or swim .
What do u do to relax , bide watching TV ?
pe to er from yu on ,
Inês .
The reasons or Greece 's terribl economic situation are that Greece a surrender its currency sovereignty to the Europea Central Bn , by whic Greece could not aply moneary policy to spur t ecnmy , and the Greek goernmnt is very corrupted so at Greeks could eaily dodge taxe .
In contrast , in awan , we have our own curren and th government is efficient ad well - organized .
Clearly , Tain ill n be the next Greece .
Monetary policy could be a very ueful short ter financial tool for a governme to stiulate ts rsening economy , and , from t empirical xperience , mn ountris ave successful applied sh policy .
In 2012 , Japaee cntral bnk unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which hs oviouly improved its exors n revered its economy from stagnaion .
Obviously , Taiwan h i own currency , nw Taiwa olla , and if Taiw 's eonom is worsening someday , Taiwase government coud simply mimic wha Jaanese govrment did in 212 .
Not only Taiwan is diffrent from reec in currency sovereignty , it al ins in government 's eficiency .
According to a lbal urvey , Taiwan wins repuatin in efectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Terefoe , Taiwanes ae to y taxes by rgulation ad do ot dare to vade taxes .
Without a doubt , the efcacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to peop 's elfae .
All in a , Taiw has currec sovereignty an is wel - know r it effectiveness .
Therefore , aiwa woud nt be sunk dw like Greee .
As a county , Taiwan has to stick to i ordinary at to create lovly d healhy environment to t civilians .
Oe upon a me a mason aled Nick ta hd a family of four , tw sons nd h fe but hy had onflicts it th stuies of their children , the oey he earned was not enouh to maintain the wole family thy we in povey .
His kd dremed with a g house that has a pool , a thid for , Jauzzi an a beautful landscape to the beach , also te wanted to ave a dg , if they ad on it would be lled Wi .
Tey told every dream to her dad , and they kow he would enforce it even togh ner the circumstances it seee to be possible he would try .
Net we a cousin tht he did not know , he ws a very eac a and when he kn about heir problm he decided to help so he gve them an ncentve .
He said that if Nk makes a house of wo loor he wuld by it an pay the suies of the childre ielong , which gave a revere to h impossible
Nick tared making the planes for the house , rom that moment he teded to ge to h huse a at th ment drag the planes and continue working when he finished t pans after months of woking on hem he sarted to brg it to lie , th hse wou be md of wood because he could n pay for more .
After months of orking in t hus he inished , and his cousin gave him a bons reward of e millon dollars to start with , buying a big houe with eveythin they want .
The ids started ing to a private school .
Wh ty got eighteen ey ould t a good j becaue of the god studies .
The could giv a god li to thi families and he a d al clle in , and all ths thanks to the ri man that nobody knw .
The pie cat ows the princil cases hich justify why gricultura lands became less prouctive , whera th table correlates thse caues with hree different regions of the word which had land degraded , naey Not Amrica , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
Ovall , it is cla ha the mai cause for land degredation ere defrestation a over - grain .
These cuses aso ad a negtive impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequetly , these areas ad higher res in trs of total ld degraed .
A lser look at the pie hat reveals that over - grazing as h most important reaso why land w so degraded , with the higest percentage of 35% .
hs as followd by the deforstation , wih 30% , while oer - cultivatio d 28% .
Finall , 7% could be explained fr other reasons .
It m be jusfied by the fact that hee was an eces of chmicls in the agricultural activity .
This alo ned to be cpared to he table .
Nt srrisingly , these causs plad an important role when we alk bou h ercentage of lnd which wa affeced by the causs , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
In e first case , Eurpe reprented te highest percenage of land degraed caused by deforestation nd oer - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
Ths as a great impact on tol lan degraded as uope ws re affected , with a total of 23% .
By another side , Oceani had the higes nd degrded rate at 11.3% bacause of ve - graig , which also contributed to ving 13% of land degraded .
By contast , in genrl orh America had te lowet rates in deforestation d over - raing , with 0.2% nd 1.5% espectivel .
fo hs reso , tis regin presened the lowest percentage of land degraded , it ony 5% .
There are man faous uildins in Guangzhou .
e of them is Canto Tower .
If y trael to Guangzou , yu ca n't miss ts series becase th is a symbol of Gangzhou .
Canton oer is located at an ntersection of Gngzhou New cty Central Axes an Pearl River .
It is the hihest tower in China and te third hihest tower in the orl .
he eiht of th tower is 600 metres , th 40 metres man body an 5 metres of is antenna .
The tower ha a specil name clled ' slim wist ' because te hpe of it is twisin .
We n se different picue of the ower fo different agls .
hi is nt only a sightseeing buildn , but alo has a lot of reessional facilites .
Fo xample , he owe has 4D nema , h highest revolving restaurat and so on .
Cantonese always spend their oliday wth their cild here .
Do u ant to go to have a oo afer eading my introucion ?
Trust me , you wl t rere it .
AR UR FAMILY MBERS UR ES FRINDS ?
Firstly , I must say tat I do n't consider that my family members re my bet friends , not only ecause hey hav othr problems to cre abut u also because I do n't know how to tel them my problems .
However , we considr a friend that rson you can ha f wih , augh nd eet . I 'm ue to do that with my parent and my brohers but it 's not t me as wen I et my est frieds .
oreovr , I think that I should n't ask hm to hv wht we call a " thera moment " as I do wi my best friends when I 'm worried r something or somen , in fact I woud n't ko hw to sart telling tem about tat .
om teenaes have the luck to be on - minded ad thy now o to speak with thr parents and it 's a goo way to solve problms .
In my opnon I think that I should have more confidence wh my faily and remember th they wo n't leave me f omthing I had on in ther way my best frinds n do .
In my on , there is no futu for public transprt , ecuse the te ecessry to gt to th ci centre is the sae walking or by bus .
Travel by bus is expensiv , bored and annoying .
e route mak many stps , in different places , so e ay in the ma is a mess .
Th is like tha all days , excet Suay .
On Sunday , the bs do n't work uti 3 p.m.
om hi hor , there is ny one service every ou , util 10 p.m. Anye of tese 7 bu takes ss a half hor to ge to he city centre , in spie of Sunday ha not traic jam .
ses are slow a isy , and when you can e f of te , o e tired and angry , and probbl y ae not on time .
Is mh mre convenint you wa to the ciy centre .
The ow is not a big city , so h air is n very dirty .
At the se tie , you an g fi wakng approimately 30 or 40 minutes , nd u il n ae h problem for park your r .
You il epen the sa te traelling by bus or walking , but the diffeence is to g angy or not .
Transprtaion is a means of moment of one georahical location to anter by n eas of trasort .
We hve fferent means of transport .
They are transport by lan , by air , by s and by rain .
We know in t lden dys o our forefathers suffered in thr movemen .
If a person wants to trevel fom ano to Lago he has no choc bu to track .
Therefore , is not easy bk there for abody to u othe means because there wa non .
At present there r many meas of transportaion .
T techlogy bought about lts of development in transportation .
We c travel by ir using th aircraft , aroplane , hecopter d rest .
Unlike before we have b ships to use on the ea .
The rain is lso a vey useful eans of transportation and very economical .
I believed that technology really improve or ays ad mns of ur transport .
So whoer wat to star a journey has several oice of transport , eaithr by s , by air , by land or by foot .
I can not orget to tal aout crs , lorry and hicles .
They are very uefl and peedy .
Thas
Just like a fish in the wter
Swmming is my favourite srt in the world , I started it whe I was five yeas old , I really enjoy it , I feel that the watr is my place in t word , I fel free .
Althog I took part in many competitions , tere a oe hch was the ost enjoyable exprience in my ie .
I he to simming in the Pran 's river wh all th simmers d coaches .
First , whn I wa in the starting ine I fet could t finish the competition , then whe we were in t ter the coaches i o stop to encourage so a es to wim to he finishing line . I ws so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and souting loudy every time one of us arrved .
If ou are interested in taking art in this sport , I would suggested to b l the eqipment you will need : a comfortabe swisuit , goggles a a hge g to kp tem .
Staus : Popula
' The moment of realisation it yo like tons of ricks , leavig u in a if fu of regret n guilt '
His who fe , he nly wish for n thing an that was to be opulr .
Her na w Sara .
Mchael had always see hr in h hlways , smiling a laughing .
Anywhere s nt , sh was lays surrounded by a handful of students .
eole got attraced toward h quite aily d often , they wud find thmselves adoring n amirng r .
Although she was n't rety , she ha an aura of impotanc .
Her presence a felt .
Se a ppular but not rod , and that mad her ven more likable by all .
All but ne - Michae .
Whenever , he a her , he felt pain .
Pin of jalouy .
A fire of hatred burnt his heart whever he herd e leful lagher .
All i life , he had on wshed to be popular u i dream of popularity hd been long go snatched by a gir .
That girl , h had once ee h best fried .
Ta il who had eft hm in ee of tm .
That girl h hd done nothing but harm for him .
S s ar .
is long lost best frie ar .
ht night a changed their ivs .
Boh of heir ive .
In evry way , in vry rm .
An inocent dare made by Sara which led Michael to walk in a pat of wrong .
A dare to prove .
curag can chane les
He ws isolated .
Abndned by h friends .
Al was a façae .
he had l worn masks .
Everyone , een his wn Sara .
He had een won .
All long he was wron .
he had n't islatd m , rather he a .
Thy hd n't abandoned hm either had they distanced themsevs fm him .
He had distancd himself from them .
His Sara was the , all lng e wa thre for him .
In h frst lae , he never et him .
She had always wanted to be wt him but he had losed t dor o her .
Yet , she wate , hoing he would realise he would always be there for him .
Tears were staming ow is fac . Stiging his eyes .
He deserved it .
Every it of pain .
He ha been bln by rage .
All ese yes .
His selfishness sto in the ay .
i delions ad drited im away fm h .
He ad done sh a huge istak .
No ear or sorrys wuld ae a less ulpri .
No on should fogive i for what he id .
No one .
Righ no , he a the oe hig he always shed r - popularty , but nl now does he realise , that it a meaningless , point es .
Michael closed the door and knew at at moment he had made a mitae .
ah d every colour glow in the dr givig oe out of the drkess .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whethr bildin a byas around o twn is eneficial to our community or not .
Oe of the advantages pointed out by local politicins in the meeting a tat this bypss wold lower th rate of a polluon around tn , which I highly agee it ecase h extra traffc caused due to t pasing cars add to the vehicles used by h locals cause massiv smo in e amosphre , n to mentn being terribl b to t health of the walkng , ycling ciizens , especially ong children , baes .
Another important point is ta this bypass would impove th traffic in the on center .
Mostly durng 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go an finish wor , that is when we ge h most wful traffic jams , someties it takes an hor to et for point A to B in town hich is a terribly log time not to mentio parents who ha to tae thr children to school , nursery and ten e to or , too .
On th other hand the bypass migt cause a drastic ro in orism in the town .
Hoever , it is also tue to sy ta people who are actally iterested in istorical sies would viit the twn anyway .
ll in all , I would s th byps would be ore of a disadvantage than advantage , becas it would cut us o from people d he town ould receive ls fundn if it 's less important .
Local pliticians should fcus on sustaiability , usg veicles which do o harm the nvronment .
On the th of Ail I met a oup called Emblem3 .
Because I i n't find ny tckt fo the concert in odon I bugh on fr th concert in irminham .
I 've booked e tckt nearly one month eore the event .
he day before I tated to freak out thinking that I wa meetng them .
Else te ickt o te cncer I bought the VIP ticet as well , so I had to go before to Birmngam , because the etrance to the venue w at 17:00 and as I liv ose to Lndo , I ad to leav at about 12:00 so I d n't hve to sh .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , d en , as I 've never ben to Biringam I hd to ok fr the 02 Acadey , where the eent tok pla .
When I arved here , I quee fo the VIP qee .
At 17:00 they let us in t venue and he made al the checkings .
Ate 30 minuts started te acousic perfrmnce wich lasted for bot 15 minus , afterwards we tok pctures .
Wen erybody tok their hoos , mblem t bacstge to get ready or the concert an after one ou it terted .
I eft the rea at midnight and I nt to an hotel ht I did already book onlin .
On the ay after I went back home .
It w e bst day of my life .
Dear Sir Madam ,
My name is aria and I saw your advertisemet an I am intereted in te job .
On th o had , I am studying to be a PE tacher so I nw h to orgnise ativiies for young people such as fishing or doing a srt .
I'm good at entertaini partes What is more , I really njy orking th them sinc they r er active an willig to do any in of activities .
o lso mentioned that I wold nee to work in the kitchens helping .
I culd ls add at I know how to cook for os of people .
For all he esons I mentioned beor , I think I am h right person for this job .
I look forwad to receivig yr answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's tu that commuting to work is n't as onvenint as ong to work by c .
ha 's he reason why more eople prefer to spend mre time stck in traffc istening to sog nstead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usualy crowded .
On top of tat , akig a bu wo n't necessarily mean that o wll save time ecause both buses ad cars wo n't be ble to mve in the rush hour .
Besides , a car ies you more freedom and flexibilit to ak your n shedule while public transport limits y to a timetble ha t always me our eeds .
fter cr prevailed among the puic , our governets hae tried to pa rouh roas , which promotes pepe to use cars even me .
Nowadays , it mgt be argued if te current transportatin stem would be worig in th uure lk pesent , whil thee is a still big room o ublc transportain remaining as a significant method .
This essay will offe a couple of poins about whether publc transportation will still be around us or if it wl disappar completely .
r a strt , the convenience for us to travel arund would probably be one of te main arguments .
In me countries , h amount of transportation uc as train is not sufficiet , hch focs people to use private cars .
oever , it is also tr hat there a always minors wo he no choic but to take pubi transpot and also for their prens it is definitely oe reliable .
at is aso important is te mpat on the evirnment , which is already consierabl damaged by human tecnoogy .
If a car whi emits no serious global armng gas would be developed , hre oul be no argumen that people had btter reduce u use of rs , yet , as ln as we are manufacturing hm we coud n find oe eco - friendly n fficint ways tha pulic trsportation .
In cnclusion , it is my belief that it is not possib for public transport to disappear in the futur vn ough traeling with cars is more convenient than taveling ih just trai or bue .
But in the same way as ars evelopmet , r governmnt migt have to ake some prores on publc transort to courage citizens to be moe c - friendly .
All of the world is consantl chaging - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
t wy ?
To ake life easie . Peole away an to ak beter their lfe .
Why not ?
I thik that the ome of e utue ill be dffeent han n , ut the mn uction of te home wo n't chge , because for ages home have ben a lace here people an eel safely .
Evrybody thin hat om is refuge .
In my pinin om in the futre will be simiar to present houses .
Ter aways will be the tchen , bcause we must eat , always wll be he batroo - ou kow why .
A in te home always wi be a room to sleep an elx .
Home in the utre may be more modern and saet .
Everywhere wll be camas and motion senor .
Kitch wil be better eguipped , a be with smt appliancs an peope , w ca n't ook , wil prere the ma by yourself .
May be in the utur ome wil be self - leane ad we ne not can up .
I think hat he differnces between home nw n home in te futur will be small .
Personally houses in th future wil not be osy , ut vry sterile . I do n like it .
Home should associate with fily , happines .
Not wit cd n spaious room .
I tin th statement is somewha ue .
Travelling by car is ettin more convenient .
Traffic accidents , the main roblm of ca travelling , wl be solved by self - driin echnolog .
Although driving by cr is less safe tan using ublic transport at present , dring will be safe .
oweer , thr is also a problem .
Havng a car takes much money .
Using public transport is cheaper than haig a cr , especially living in ura area .
h second proble may be solved by r - sharing .
If oe wants to go omewhee , one can u a shar r which is parkd at desigted ea .
By this method , people have to p sml f for us a car , ot much one uh as having a ca .
If car - shring and self - driving technolog e mixed , it will be much moe convenient han boh te convtional public transport and travelling my car .
ople can go anywhere thy want to go frm nywhre .
Peopl do n't hav to posses their c paying much money .
It ll be a nw pulic transpot .
Al my lfe I practiced sports , bt definitely my faoite sport is squash .
I started to traning when I was ten years old .
I had never paye a raquet 's sport bfore , so I a very excited to hit t small blck bal with my rackt .
hree times a wk I payed , ten I went mr ofte .
The first yea I went to a ournament in Toreon and I win h first plc , drin e frst 3 years I was rnkin in h frst 10 lace of Meico , but he I had to ruce my practics because I had a roble wth my nes .
ly sash is an aesome activity and is easy to ern , I lv that hi game is vey fast and you do a lt of exercise .
e bad ws is that in Mxico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field n is exensiv , more or lss h ric per hour is $ 10 pesos .
o someone new in ths srt I wou recommend be patnt d costnt in h training , becuse the pactie is what ake you btte and helps to improve your level , a filly always enjoy the game .
Alwas been fre .
Never had ny serous rlatinship .
Te longest wa at the imary chool , lasted 2 days , bcase her mother could cook the inst bisuits ever tasted .
Now he was 35 and he was till keeping on smle at the ne of h coleagues and friends marriages .
He was so cyicl to un out to be ve nasty d unpopolar .
Love last wo and a half a year , he ke to reid hiself .
Soon or latr mariied people wi t ivorce .
Look at me , he said , I 'm fe .
No one is happier thn me .
Since one day he met a girl , on e rain , s was n't that beauty but she had , you now , tt smi , so peaceful , so harmnic .
It was lov at frst sigh .
They arted talking lamng or the ran la and fter o hous hey were still chatting .
They aughd so mc tt they both forgot to et out at th ght sp .
The poor tw ha gone too far d now ty h to coe bc .
It as n't a prolm .
Te had a lot of fun .
Finally he arived .
He said hllo to the girl siling .
Michae closed the do ad knew at that momnt he ad me a mistak .
Nowdays everybody has oe or more cars , as a consequence of that , some people bliee that pulic transport is goin to disappear .
Thee are several reasons to believ that ; firstly , may people are influenced by the dvertising which mixe happines wth riing cars an makes popl ink that public transport is ot as a sart option as cars .
In second place , it is not enjyable to wait for the us or the undrgrond .
On the oter hand , there ar a number of reass against t end of the ubic transport .
For eample , yo must ake ubic trasprt insead h car because it prodces es pollution .
In addton , public transport is cheap beuse to buy a car meaning spend a frtne and in bg ites , where r cocered bout th evironmet ch as Amsterdam or Tko , thee are ay facilities as mobile phone pplictions or special offers .
To sum up , no one kos e future ; however , I blieve tat traveling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more becase it is god to ae up money ad to reduce contaminaio .
" There is no ture r public transport becase travelling by c is so much more onenient "
In my opinion es pople ar travlling by publi transport and stared to by their n cars whh is mr comfortale to use whenever you ae in a urr or not .
In e ist ace o feel more comfortable in or own car than in a us for exmple . You do n't ned fear hat omene could sudely stole your purse or ou do n't ae to listn to te others hen you travel by your car .
Stuies hav hon that yor sel esteem and feelings of prtecton increase when yo a a ar drir .
You do n't have to nulge tayig in a crowded place wth pople u do n't ko .
ving me mony an uy a a is the best hing o cn do .
In th second plae t all pulic transpors are in tei bet shape .
Soe of hem are dirty nd sel .
If you hve your own car these thig do n't boter o anymoe aue y wash your car anytime you ant .
In conclusion travelling by a is far better thn usin public tnsport
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 UGUST , 2014
Dear Sir ,
Through your job psting , I 'm inored that you are looking a person for wking in sumer cams U .
I nfom you that I 'm intereed in the job .
I loe children , I have already orked with hm , it w a onderful experiece .
I 'm ery hardworking and a funny person .
My level of English is vey good , day I 'm learning a working hard to improve .
I uld ke to work in this jb because I think that I could do very el a I could amse the children .
If y hire me , ou wo n't regret .
Yors faithfuly .
AA DEL MERINO ALOMINO .
Dear ul !
Tanks or or e - mal an photos !
They are amazng !
I 'm vry ga you enoyed yur holidays .
Spain must be ealy incrdible !
I 'm wting to you to tell you about th U2 onert , ich took place in " Spodek " aren in Ktoice lst mot .
I must amit tha this is my favurit bnd .
I 've alays wanted to se tem iv and fiall my dram ame re .
The best of it was that I saw them really cle , because of my ad 's work .
As you kw , he works in secriy compny , called Slid Safety and he was apointe to be a boyguard to evn no !
Coul you imagne my ration , wh he od me about it .
Of course , then he hand in to " Staff " tickets to me .
These ticket low you to gt in to h VIP zone .
I invited my classme Sly an we wet on a cncert togeher .
We wre so ecited , when we got on .
Bfore h show we wee helping in pcing a souning equipment .
During te concert we were standing on the bakstag .
Where could be better ? !
Aer h last song my dad ok us to te Bo 's room .
He a signi utographs and chatting it an .
I will nee frget it .
My dd took en a photo of us with him .
I must say , he is mc more handsome in lve that on the TV .
That 's a fo nw , but I wl ite more , when I find my et ! I wll appeciate my dad 's work orever .
ive my egars to yo parents !
Love , Lis
Hello ,
I 'm endig tis mail to get sm information becue I 'm interested in studying at yor university .
I'm Youse Nser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 years od .
I've been in the Uned Stes for tw year .
I'm grante student by the governmnt of Saudi Arabia n t scholarsh will cover th tuition and everything related to my stude .
I 've gauated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a deree aving an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , sine I am he I have been so ambitious that I ll be getting my igh studies as soon as I fiish studying English , it uned out that I ae to jump through h loop in order to oer come these obstacles hic I believe it is an ordnary requirment to get a mster 's degree for the freig students .
In addition , thee is reent statisti tt shos a very hig percentage of Saudi rabi stdnts who ce to America to do e their master 's dege tht thy cold n't et in niversty due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't me e univrsiy contions .
In at , I do n't wa to be on of hoe studnt who could n't acomplish the dram an go bak to ther oe , I 'm wiling to do whatever it takes to e ito or uniersit .
I ould ie to ave t orientation material to increase my chane of gttng int university and I wil do me best to get ey high grdes in der to inease my P when it 's aded to my transcrp , to su up what I 'm looking for is to te a preparation class in siness to be included in th fnal accuuated GPA .
Final , I believe hat it it a great opportunity to study in te United States a to iprve my edcaton and my lifetyle .
Bside , I 'm an eager , mature tdent willing to stud master 's degre at your university and I 'm looking forard to tting respnse ck and or reommendatios .
sincerely ,
I am frty nne years l and I am a quite cray , so I make a o of msakes .
In ths writing I will omment about e of the lst mitake ht I ha mad and its consequent .
irst , I wnt to ocus your atetion on the fc hat normally the istakes hv nt imporanc , beause al the things have i a , if they have not fix why do yu worry ?
In he last rp , I parked my car on h airport pa , it s ay plants ih seveal gn .
Ever lat has a colo gn , red , orange , gen , lue an an intermediate color beten the red d te orge and this was my confusion .
I eft my ca in e plant th e orange color , ut whn sme day lter I looked for my ca I made it in he plant of t intermediate color .
I new ha my cr was on t ste number n hundred and thirty fiv , y the ar a t tere .
I ped qute ti hiking n when I decided go to the police I passd in front of the oang sgn and finally I found my car .
ar Tomas
Ho are you ?
I 'm evous to see yo .
The weather hee is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you ly come o n we but we will eoy a lot .
rom the airport to my house there re jt 5 miuts .
Whe you came u to te road you ee to go straight untl yu reach a restaurant , then you must go to the et hee you wuld fid a big squae with swings nd lies .
Finally you would see a big red house th ots of indows .
You il no regret coming to Sai .
See yo soon .
Recently , studyng onne hs bcome a very populr alternative a to stu .
Although it provid tudents with ot of advntage , not everythng is as good as it soud .
irs of a , stuyin online es not allow students to sk teachers abu questions .
How can ty olve heir problems if there is a lck of student - teacher ineraction ?
What is ore , is kin of students are betwee ighteen and twenty w , when te need to socialise and ntract with oter stdens to njo their free time .
Somethn impossible if they stu onine , wich mean hat their only classmate is he computer or t laptop hy use .
However , his method of studyng is cheaper hn the cmon way , d it lso can be completey free whi is a ig advantage .
Moreer , it allows yo to study with yur w rhythm whout thiking abut th rest .
For these reasons , I prefer the common wa than studying olie .
Neverthless , I can undrstand people w choose h second pton .
It is up to yu !
No Futue fr public transpor :
Nowadays people want to tavel by their wn conveyance by their own car , ie , scooter or something like that .
Everyone wants to hve a stress less / happy journey hether it is r a long route or nt .
It is really realistic too , ecaus we all at to save our tme d ishes r a happy journey time .
No let me tell you t scenario of public transport .
Firt of all we always eed to wait fo it n it will run accoring to the shedued time only .
In wite it is fie we an ajust in cow but if we talk aut summer session we n t adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated nvironment .
We ed to book tickets in advance , in case we are laning to go via public tranport because agai the issue of availability of seats re ter .
I ive in Tiste , a vy beautiful city , ut ths ci a a grt proem : it s a lot of as , mr tan ihabitants .
Of course it 's an xaggeration , ut I say this to conirm tht in ti city the nuer of the cars is very ih .
By h a , he pulic rnsport is not so covenent , because at a certain hours ou can no fin b .
In ur ity the buse st at midight .
Ao the tiket pie is not cheap .
Anothe poblem of the buses is hat if you tk one uring certain ous , it 's iposible to find a place fre to it own .
So travelling by bus is o convenient , t only r time u also for t problems tht you can ind .
T other quston is at Triete is sitated na Slovenia , wher , the price of petro is cheaper than in Iay , so a great numb of inhabtants of our city preer to fe te car directly in Slovenia , where hy cn find uch more competitive prices .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wnts to convince me to us alternative meas of transport , ut after I see th price of ti ecological vehcle I considered hat I 'll by one of them only if the price becomes
loverer .
Currntly , eple think about if they c e good nglsh in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
And fter that , it depends on h pesoality , atus ( sing , ngaged or mrried ) , nd vn the ages of popl , they wil decide to larn in her own country or go aboad for getting english .
On the hnd , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
ey usually go abroa because te ae not so mc responsiilties us it prepares tir professional futre .
But Ty can only afford it to work as a au pair , water , kitchn porter or ortr that include accmmodation , normal wgs and you do n't ed high level of eglish .
On the other hand , yo igt ind yousef getting hesick .
Of course , you leave a lo of things , su as our fmily , frnds , oods , paces , wn thins , etc . , nd noody put up th bei very fa wy from all tee hings .
oreover , people about mid 's 30 yers od , ey do no sully lee hir contry d try to ge new anuage from a living .
is wa is ceap as well and th have n to change eerthing arond ther ife to achieve this aim .
In addition , with is ages , normally eole ve more carge , maye children , mortgage , partner , etc .
From my opinion , the best w for learning really oo a language it is iving in the me country where people seak it .
So , you do n't hesitae a mo to the new coutry , in hich you do nt ony gt laguage , een different culture and ifestyle .
rapagara , environmentall rien
he purpose of is report is to expain te tat my tn has beome more wae in the nd of taking are of the countrside .
Sic 10 my town has rie to inclue some hnges to boost te on .
Recycling is th solution
In h last five yeas many e bn ve ben situated near all nighbourhoods .
Thee are ur type of rbish ki .
On one of hes is are destined to lastics , another e is for ood and paper , the tid one is a bottleban ad the lat o is for cells .
This on is vr imptant because it contaminates so uh .
Aat fo ha , there ar other container focused on every tpe of ojcts .
For instance , clthes , shoes , os , electronic devices , etc .
More green areas
hi town has not only focuse on recycling , it has also pomote gen aeas .
Beause of that 5 new parks as been created rcenty .
Tho re a reat pce were families hv a ood tim while they enjo h countrysid .
Moreover residents hv become more conscos after he hve read the leaflets which expli he importance of respct the environent .
Conclusion
I srongy think hat it is necesar to make eople conscious about the importance of save t planet .
In dditin , mo peop woud elp if they ca recyl easily .
Dea r Kat Ashby ,
I am wriing to yu abt the jo offer for wr in Green Ppper fe .
I would like applying for this vacany because I think I have most of requireents that you are aski f .
irst of al , cooking is my passion for ags .
I enjo learning new recipes d I try to ind ot different flavours and sensations oking .
That is why I am looig for a job whe I culd ve e chance to jo my ove with cooking to my b .
I wrkd or moe ha six ears in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to al wih cstomers and oe with difficult peple in busy environment .
It is no necssry to sy I am able to ok with a caf chedeule , I hve xperence wrkng sft das and weekends .
I wod be ga if I coud et an nteriew or giving yo mre details about my ok experienc , skills or what you need to a me .
ours sincerely
If you a lookng for an enjoyning soppig d , Madrid is the st electin .
Madrd is one of t st famous hoppig ctis in the world !
In Madrid , u can find cloths of h bst dsigners as arolin erera , Dr a so on ...
bt do n't be afrad if ur udge is qite limited becse we ave some places where o cn find reat colections with 50% f .
So , if ou preer save money and look fine , y av to visit ours utle were you a find a that you are loing for .
The best of al is that you wo n't have to go futer because u can find l these shops in the cener of Madid .
If you ae waning or more ifomation , ut contact us .
Nowadays eope 's ife is aving an unxpectd chae l because globlitaion .
In te past eople has to anage their time so thy could go to the wor , take cae of thir hildren and maybe als study .
Globalitation tart in the 20 's , so a huge aount of population hs experience this cnge , in my opinion is ind of od .
No eopl can iteract ith other peole fm other countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
T ne of expot and import items hs increased in e last 10 yeas consequetly the ife of the people a raed in faster respond .
Everyon neds an isant swer to what ey akng for , if th send an email o mus rceived it in less than 1 minute .
The persona contact shows a decreae in hs time because pole do n't want to face teir real problems , istead they can see all the poblems happened in the orl by ther sartphones .
In e future pepl will comunute betwen hem by their computers , cellphones , tablets d this kd of technology will ed us to a lonely life .
Nowdys , we alreay have thns lik mar hoes , which can nearly do eveything we want to .
And we have some ote media gdgets .
B will ople 's ives really chge so dramatically in th et 50 years ?
In my opinion it wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion hat peope 's lives wo n't cange etemely in t et 50 ars .
Of course there will exist ome more electronica things like some w hnys , with functins we could expect right o , and ther will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the hane of people 's lvs thee ve to be soe re dramatially thngs .
A oin wold be , tht normal people a bl to y to the moon or something , or if there woud be peope iving on he mr .
Bu I tink that his wo n't be able to do .
Even not in 50 year .
To t it in a utshel we could y that our lobal wold will be or electronical , and the will be ore gadget , but that wo nt change our lives ramatically .
Hi brother ,
I 've bee thinking about what yu sai to me the previous wek .
It 's tue that we do n't y attention to or radma 's .
he loves us nd she always ook afte us whe dad and m could n't do it .
I believe that we ave't never thanked her wht se dd and do for us .
For ha I 've ha h ide of giving h a preset .
You 're gee with me , r n't you ?
Yesterday I saw a nce present for hr in te n mall of Jrez , called AreaSur .
It was an amaing gold watch .
It eemd not to be vry epensve a was uury and lovely .
I think tha a clock would be useful as wl as ecessary for hr .
Wt do u think about buying it for her ?
If yu do n't think he same as me o can hoos another psent , I wo n't hve any poblem .
Anywa , we shoul go to the mall tgeher and thre we will ae the ina decision .
We can go by bus .
u nl hav to alk through h oad in frot of home and you il arve bus statin .
Te tk h third line and o sop aer you will arrive mall .
I wil ee you there d I 'll gie y in the mll .
I hope to e o son rther .
Snd me an email when you 're ale to go shopping
Ququ
Wha 's the sfst ransport in the world ?
And t mot comfortable ?
In my opinion a transport is completely safe , however people say t pne is he sfest transprt .
n , myb the cr is he mot cmortable .
It is rue that oh are advtages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous ad rexing , I kew this is a contradiction , but I an explai it .
Relaxing beause you n trave by yuself , wi friends d with yur family .
en y ma a ng tr you can go without pressure .
If ou re ired o c stop at a petrol stati or at a restaurt to relx yourself , nd if in e car tee ar or ssengers you an change with thm , so yo will feel es tred .
Eve travel by car , in my opinion , as a lot of problems .
ome advantages could be :
- asoline is t expensive
- here are n't enoh a pars n ey ar very expensive , for examle when yu travel to Madrid it is impossible to ind a free parking .
- Ote yo cn be involved in city trffic jams , especially in he rush hour .
This sitution ny is present in Caceres whe ther is a rainy y , bt in other cities like Mdid , Barcelona … is a dail situation .
I tnk , drivin ca be dangerous because peope ust respect speed limits , n not every time that it is .
Pople does n't wear te eatblt , u phones , an even hre r w dink we they are gng to rive .
Al these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persos are in daner .
Eve hliday , he DGT , in Spain , make an awarness cmpagn to remebr us he good maers whn we are driving .
On the other had , traellin by plne people say is safe then do it in others rasport .
I do n't make ue this ffirmtion .
I 'm afrid to travel by pln .
I ae the moment when t plae is takng of , and when it is touchig off .
I 'm afraid so tht started en I was travelln to Mexico in my honeymon .
In tis mmet there was a topical sor , and t turbulences are horible ; bu a n ime I av tpped to travel by plane .
I kn is the better ption hen you an to travel arod .
It is ru , tha lane is very expense , at least I never haen't be able to book a cheap ticket .
I lo f e perfect oer ut in smer it is impossible to find it .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positive n negtiv aspec , b dpening of o necessity we u one or anher .
Fo example here are a ot of countries where bk is the most main of transport , lk Belgium .
I remember ther were kilometres and kilometres of cycle in , on the cotrary han ere in Spain , hee few cities like Mard or Bcelona , strengthen their us .
I do not agree wih h situation .
This is imle because not everyone a a personal vehicle .
In addition , because of the ga betwen th uer class to e lower class eple .
Public tranprt is one part of social developent .
It will make people fee comfortable .
h a chrt shows he proected sals of jas of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
Next er in Turkey .
we can ee t number of the projected les of jes of Jc&Jones Co . wll be at 45 thousands of pis in next Jn , it will be igher than the numbe of th pojected sales of jeans of Mango Co. abut 0 thousands of pais .The the number of Jack&Jones Co . will do to 2 thousands of pairs in Fb next year .
fter this all , t number of Jack&Jones Co. wl rise up gradully ntl to hit e pk at 90 thousans of air in Dec.
he proected aes of an 's of Mango Co. Net year wi begin at 15 thousands of ais hen it will go ow a litte bit in F .
The nmbe of Mango Co. will gw up steadily ro May to Jl nxt ear , it wil stay rema at 500 thousands of prs fr four months then get h ighest numr about 600 thousans of par in this period .
he pi hat share illustrates th projcted maket share of Mag Co.,ck&Joe Co.and others companies in ens at the n of next year . ck&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , ango Co. take 20% of it .
However , othrs companies wll domite the hlf of e rojected markt sare in jeans nx year .
Very different ornng
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the do imagine my surpri the was a small present left on te gron .
I looked around but no one was the . "
mm ...
Is that presnt fr me ?
" I asked yelf quietly .
Besides I was ot sure whether I should tae it up .
I lokd around one ore te but sll I did n't see anyone .
As it as qute early in the mornng there w just sence everywhere .
I sa ow in my kitchen and u t present on e table .
But before oening it I dided to me a cp of gree tea to clm dn a bt as I flt nvous enough .
While the water was bolng a lt of different thoghts cae to my head : " I do n't have ny birthday today and thr ar ew mre nths unl Chrisms ... What coul be e resn for such a ic peset rapped in a pink paper ?
Maybe soeone wishes to make oe lite suprse for me , oes n't he ? " " Ok , lets oen it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if u knew - that preent me my day !
Wn I opened it I found thee my favourit chocolate wh vy cute ' Thank you ' leter .
I got it from my neighbour an he ut a so thankful for my ep tidying up is gardn week before .
Actually I loe receiing pesens .
Te colour the wrl , thy lift you up !
And there is a truth : the more u ive , the me u et back !
Although ay people believe tha our lives are getting beter than they wher 20 years ago , scienst prod tat if we carry on th our way of livin usig , r istanc modern tchnoloy , we will lose control of u lies .
Technology h reche uch a poit ere we need to do anything in ord to achive somethg .
To pport thi idea , a sud w onductd 6 onths ago .
The stuy tried to explan people 's reaction to different esurces .
People wer give the ts to rit a piece of ritng of their chice using h resources already provided by the institutin in charge .
Frtly , te were given 5 books of difernt ubjects .
Out of 20 sted people , 17 managed to write ther compositio wthi an ou .
Secondly , keeping the min tk , the er given a tblet with wrelss connecon to u insted of books .
This time the sudy shod tha a of the applians aaged to ite teir essays in less than 30 mnutes .
The objective of this study was to se how people adapted to e technoogies a o or ltural roo ae being forgotten .
Thus , thi tudy conuded that in around 50 years from now , peole wil have wrked , fe , showered and even ived witut lavin there hom .
If technogy is laing to those kinds of consequences , we should tart to realise ow to us technology properly without needing to elimnae it .
er i ,
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old ad I am really intereste in h advertisement I saw the other y about working on summer cam in te U . I have wrke before but in my ome twn , Mexico ciy , and I think I wod be a erfect cndidate fo th job .
As a matter of fact I he been camping ince I s 6 ear old , fr this reason I strted working on summer camps when I was 18 years ol .
I am a sutabl perso for he b becue I se to ork wh chidren of l ages , t I prefe to la with kids between 8 a 12 years old , ls I am alay trying to improve diferen activities therefor avoid getting bred , and I do not mind workig in her areas of the camp .
To s up I wud like to participate with y , n I can romise y il ot eret it , I op to hea rom you soon .
You faithfully ,
otserrat Máquz
It 's ni tha u inaly dcided to come to vst me .
I promise you wl not regret to come , everthin hee is wondrful ad tere ar may places we c go to visit .
Is easy to e to my apartment from the irpot , you an tae a ai and tel te drier to ake you to the owde street , en you e there you jus ll me and I get there , my apatmen is not f fr that stet .
Is cheaper to tavl by bus but it is not er safe , you need to take a taxi , is a it mr exenive bt is much sae .
The weather is changg , in the morning ere is high wnds , at the fternoon it is sunny , a in the niht it is very cold .
Yo shoud bring nie bt durble clothe .
I 'll wa here , and I rally wan to e .
Have a good tri .
See you soon .
If you want to beom an arit or politician , you mut be ready for journalist following o a t te .
I uppose hat sometimes celebrities enoy people gossippn abut them .
n of course , unknown ctors call r som pieces of attention .
In my opinion ey are ao eole as we are . They hve teir n life ,
that is why I do n't uderstan h is it so importan o people to kno ht happene with celebrity ?
I thnk it is not so joyfully , hen you wake up a see caea 's flah !
Also when yo ped time with your boyfriend or girlfrind , you kow tht someone is takn a hto of o .
In my opinon , each perso , witut efrence is it celebity or not , deserves s own private life .
Am I right ?
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
T ai of this rpot is to inform abou e ay in wic my illae aries out measures to look after te environmet .
or thi , we will nalys several aspects su as ht loc residents do wi th rubbish and ow anjaón tries to kee he area clean ad ake it attractive to people .
Rcycling : The best way to al wi the rubbish
Nowdys there is more ad more rubbish because of th gh amount of pckage used to wrp products and icreae in consumpion .
In ajarón as in t est of th ilages a towns people e etting se to buyi a nsuming uc more tan tey ued to do in the at .
Howver , in recent years my vilag has en promoting ways r people to get ie of the rubbish in a conscious way .
A numer of recycling bns have been placed around h vilge and citizens are bin encouragd to join severa ongoing courses to ise their aweness of the impotance of recycling .
F these reason , wa people usuall do with their rubbish in their aiy routne is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
Keping t village cle ad attrtive
Laarón is one of the mo tourist vllges in e region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important bot fo th council and the local rsidents to keep the villge clan .
To g thi h couni es diffrent enviromenta actiities o the citizens to take part in .
For instanc , mothy it is held a competition where participants have to cln and pck rubbsh up rom difrent areas of te villge .
At e end of e competitio those whs ar is caner and attractive eeive an award .
Conclusion
We have to bear in nd h important te envirnment is to us .
If we l wre aware of this and d smehing to hep it in ou daily routines , th planet wold thank us fr his .
There are t opposite opinion out ilitry service .
On one , nd military servce st be mandatory .
thrs consider that it is military srvie is unnecessary nd shold be vountary .
First of all , there is no absolutely sfety in the modern wrd .
Thee are diferent dangers of a militry nare such as trrorist attck , was n othe armed conflicts .
Therefore , cmulsory serice at in the amy gives special military knwldge , whic helps te population to protect ther ountry durng a milary conflict .
As a result , the are more chaces to vercme the conflc wth minimum human losses .
Secondly , the mandatory military seric can develp e character of a perso , making it stronger .
More specificall , it allows for understndng of teamwork , develops organizational klls and ractice discipline .
Moreover , it n educate young people be or self - eiant , beaus the majorty of teenagers at the age of 18 do n know how to be indpendent from thi parnts .
However , the critics claim that obligory military service is a waste of me and has a negtive impact .
or example , it is dificult to find a good job or go to university after militay service , because durig the one or two years of service , soldiers do o deveop y knowledge excet miitary .
ls , the time spent seving in te am cn uproot or separate families or fiens ' reltions .
other big problem is that military sevic is dangerous d has a risk .
Ther are difeent physical xercises that can be harmful to health .
Beside , here a emergencies , whih ca happen th gu or weapons sch as explosions and accident .
Furthermor , tee re haing acs at in h amy .
It means ht soldiers o have lreay served some time , bully and ba up new recruits for fn .
The acts oft turn out to be ragi havi a long post traumatic effect on the young person or en oss of ie .
Army yers ften have an impact on the ole amly , especially in cas of buling or t possibility of being ent to the wrzone .
Fnlly , here is a very complex opc and both opinins av advantages and disadvantaes , but it ca be seen that he militay situation is unstable in e world .
Ti mens ta pele need to know how to poect themselves n militry services is a good ay for it .
I prefer to eat at hm
Firstl , the oo I ae by myself is more trustful than the food tt is made in restaurants .
Because I do n't ko what kids of ingredients te retaurant put .
Also e fo I ak by myslf is much healthie .
Because al of the resturans want to arn mon , so they ill just u chap n not ealty ingredets to cook the food .
But if I ma my own food , of course I wo n't use ny kn of unhealthy ingredients .
So e food I mad by my wn hands is safe tn n other food that is mde in restaurants .
An lso hemade food s better qality an lo pri restaurants .
Secondly , it 's mh cheaper to ea at home , because restaurants want to an money .
So you can save lots of mony if yo cok at hm .
Some people think ookin themselves is to annying or tired so they go out to et .
u actually if ou cook muh you cn ue or nrgy so you an conme ur eigt .
Alo if u cook hree tmes a da your cokng ability will go up .
Tirdy , ating at home is ore omfortale .
he people are suounded by strangers peole ll think they re wachin me so I ca n't do that or this .
But if you eat at ho you do n't ne to be arig that somebody will look at y open our mouth to i or talk too loud .
Also the restaurant do n't know h mh yo can et , so sometimes te gi you o es food you do n't get ful .
Or somemes th ge you o mc food so y hve to throw it away .
Ad as o know , throwing food away is a ad habit to do which kes u planet , Earth will be polluted
Fourthly , u wo n't he to waste yu time gong o to in a restrant d oe ba home .
n sometimes if the are many cutomes you have to wait r the chef to ook other 's ood first . You can ae time if you eat at om .
ifthy , we can have a family time while eating .
Of course , it does n't ean ht you ca n't talk wh famlies when you a outside .
But if you e at me with ur fmily you ca ave a joke while repring dshe or talk about their o private lf things .
Becase it 's not feel fe to ak athing outside bcause te pepe at the next able migt hea wat yu a talking aou .
So by having a family time wie eating home you can ve a tk and be a mu closer family .
Bcuse of hes kinds of advantages n reasons I prefr to eat at home .
To sum up , the fundmntal characteristic of socia media is he dsign of " Virtua profile " , it requires ti to maintain connection btween links , friends ad be part of groups , ts connections ll produce negatives effects espeialy on psychological well - being .
Thi outcome , alog with sveal studies suggests reaonale se of connection media .
However , it is als lkey that people 's li , uh as loneiness n depression , might explin the effects tat social eia can have .
urtherore , it is also osible that in a fute people wl be a sbject responses , pos and ha rooms , in which awrenes of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and ompulsie use .
In cnrast , one positive aspect of ocial meda cover e education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , ad he discover of different was of learing will contribut in the community .
oe eople claim ht lie will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how ill it change ?
On he one hd we have technology .
Technlgy hs developed really as in te last twenty years so it 's xpected to delop the same ay in te next ity yars .
Cell phones are a gret exampl of this volution .
Fifteen ears ago cell phones did n't hve msic or a mera , while nowadays they have cmra with hig definiton and you ca download a o of music .
On he other hand we have transport .
ight nw people ar strtng to buy hydraulc cars hich is more o friendly d eaper beause you do n't ed to spend money in as .
Bsng on ths we n asme that ts kind of ca ill be the only ones on the strees ffty yea rm ow .
Science wll lo change .
Eey aspect of science wil evve , r exmple w medical discveries ll be made by dctors .
Chmitry my ave th chce in the nxt fty year to confrm their thories about th exisence of atoms .
To sum up I believe that people lives il chane a lot because eerything wll evolve .
I 'm a teengers nd I ie to wach movies as oter tenagers .
My fvourite knd are coedis , detective d love stories .
I motly like comeies because ty create my mo pu me in high spirites .
They help me to develop a to see the wold to a dfent perspetiv .
People like to wtch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it substitutes books for la people .
Many people thnk living in te counrtyside provds a better way of life .
ot of us tink it 's a reat idea , b is it better than ou cofrtable lif in the ci ?
Would we live etter without technolog ?
As we kn th counryside a no pollution cmpare to big owns , bcase tre are n't cs , lorries , mpe or any othr motor vehice .
If we livd there , we would t healthier food wt no chemicals , wt it 's go .
On e other , hnd technology mkes our lf easier .
We ca et information , ha wt friends or en order food instantly with Internet , hower unfortunately we do n't av it in he countryside
I are with popl who thin hy would hve no problem to leave tei lives n str a n jo in a fam only to be in touch with nture .
However I think humans have eolved and we r very hpy wit technology nd Internet .
There is no doubt ha usn yor pivat car is muh oe comfortable & convenien f any persn .
ur cr represents a kind of uxury & comfort hich is clearly illustrated during drivin or travellig o log distaces as lon as you hve a comfortable st wth a certain persol zne aea .
oreover , u can cntol ur driving speed as ft or slow according to yor od and so you o your time .
In addition to that , you ca take some es aids the jouney .
Even after yor rrivl , o will hae your own cr to go hr & thre fleetly & freely whenever you lie so you have a flexble schede .
Furthermor , you are not accompanied by se lly passengers or dificlt perss urng our trp as you wl rels your trip with some adorable friens , nie family 's members or close colleagues that you ave chosn .
Besde t presence of a r during a tr is very important r coping with h different coditions envirnment u re facig during e journey .
On the other hnd , public trnsport n bome on hygienic as lots of eople re rowded in a small and loed aea and so a l of breathe & air droplets are easily propagated in his encsed pae n consequently , yo are or suceptible to te varus cntgious diseases especially in th winer season whre the respiratory trt inections lorish e.g. cold & u .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are lmited by the chedule and the track of he transportation mean you are taking .
And so you do n't ow your ime to do at yu wt whenever u lie although this is my leisure , my fee time which means the time of relaxation & meditation .
No More alarms or nois alerts a required drin this imporan nd nic eiod of time .
My ow is one of th ceaest owns in my cotry , the authoities ve be arranged am procedures to ensure ta the on keeps clean at h same ti be evironmetally friendly procedures .
As a rst stp to ke the environment cean and althy is that te garbage needs to be separated int 3 parts tt is h the environmet deprtment decided to ge each house tre eccle bs , o or oo and gree grbae , e for only pers and catroon and the ls is o te rest .
Anohe handy le has been decided wich is te pasti and t gases need to be thrw in differn bins at are avalable for the public udsae in each supermarket center , in thse people a find these bi in easy detination available everywhe .
Al the previu stes and ore r being applied by my wn sitizens in order to improve the environment qualty and go long wih al the rocedures that ep he live happily healthy le .
There huld be a fuue for public transport .
It is more imprtnt tn ever for anyone to tin befor using own cr .
irsly , we have a big ssue on lobal armng . We can no deny that we have re an ore xtrme eaher around the glove e to green house gases .
We are damaging ur pane .
Secondly , we all kw t fssil fuels , we aily run our vehicles by , will not st forver .
We e using up our vital rsouce in fst pc .
We a sd to jut turn the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need it .
It is exactly the sam for driving cas .
A l of us , just urn te ngne of our cars without considering alkin up to the bs stop .
Publc transpot syte in the UK has so many prolems to solve .
The fare is high compared to other European countries an the fare system is compliced .
Th punctualty of rains needs to improved greatly , too .
In my opiion , we need to ave fuur fo public trasort for o futre a it is vial to redc the u of private cars . Travelling by cr is oe convenient but with imprved ubic transpot , we need to edce use of cars .
at is or esponsibilty f future generatin .
l in one - ce and watch
ve yo ever ben askd to mae a dcision and chose only one thing out of many that you really ik ?
I am se yu have .
And the you always wondr wt woul have happned if u d choen e alternative .
Maybe u just miss something rally speia ...
You do o particulry like that feeling , do o ?
There is a gou of youn peopl o decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in e - do you want to meet em ?
Actually , o ill have a chance soon .
The Red Drago Theare Group is coming to our town ext we .
hey wil bring a lot of od sense of hmor , music , danc , and anything y can thi of that shoul appear on age .
Their main concern is to make you thn , laugh , mye cy a bit , but bove all to give yu a gre ime .
I e you will love them at first ight .
To make e long story short - u can nt mis hi een !
he grp is gog to perfor in he Globe eatre and hy have promised to mee your expectations .
The choice is obvius this tme ...
Siply , come an wtch .
' Gravity ' is an otstanding , brilliant , i - fi film , directed by Afonso Cuaron , sarrig Gerg Clooney ad Snra Bllock .
This azing film is about two people fr a crew of astronauts st t in sae to launch t ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Son one of them w informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debrs , which a heading or t Shttle , where the two astrnauts were .
Evenually the debris hit the Shuttle a thus mor debr s created which took the rbt of Eah and moved aroun it wth a vey high speed .
The damges whih h impact of the debris cuse to Shuttle were catasrophi !
All of t rew bu tw were killed .
To survive he astronauts had to get to the Internaional Space Station which wa very far wy fo hm .
Moving to the ISS one of tem ost his life and so on one of the crew remains alive figtig r h survivl .
After h long sequence of events the remanin asronaut frst got to t ISS then wih Rusian pacekraft moved on to the Chinese space tatio calld TIAGONG .
Ad so the astrnaut launched the escape od and got ome !
er stuggle for urival occurs to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a great ilm nd moreover , I myself recommend it to you , stuents .
My hmeown , Piliyandl , is pobably t smallest town in Colombo ditict rvides helter for mr than 00,00 people .
The town ha approximately 15 vllags and al of them ar goveed by he urban cocil .
T Garbage contro serice is on of the main supporting subsidiaris of th urban council which was founded two years ago .
iv years ago , the tow di n't ave any garbage control services to manage the dmesti rubbish .
With this garbage ontro system , houshol wate beig ollecte on eekl basis an transprted to recycing enters .
The recyclin centers sort tee grbag d a u into different categories to be ecycld , categorized garbage are then transorted to the recycling procss in t narst factory .
o years ago , te couni tarted a wastebasket distibuting program among th villages wth te inteton of esing e garbage collection process .
Wit this aproach , it is ery convenient or the workers wh are engaged in the garbag control service because hy an colect all the garbage of a vlage in o place .
Meanwhile , e urban council highly iscourae the se of plastic products a other artiiial mtrials for e ae of our w cleanliness .
Villgs on the other hand , doing their est to reduce h ld of domesic aste .
Nowadays lts of peole are iscussing the problems of life in t next 50 yes . in 50 years ,
surely , science a technoogy will
progress , and th could ha se pros and cons .
I think tt in 50 years te pulic transport wll be more efficient .
plaes , train and bes wl be fser and mbe tanks to the prgress of technoloy we could beam - up every where .
ls anks to the progress of medcine we wl aceve ome important goas .
dotos wl be able to ue al lethal diseases .
This will be a great achievement !
oy - ommunicatio , f example , wil le is iportanc . all e communication will be vital , pope wi speak nl on social networks .
I thnk that this will be damati ! also a reationships and frendships will be irual , and tat is aburd .
we wil become robots , no longer people !
Hello rry ,
Everything is going great !
What 's about ou ?
I 'm so plased you 're iting for me .
You asked me ha ie would i ariv .
According to the schedu train rrives to platorm # 5 of Cntal Statio at 9 am .
Hope yu wo n't stuk in the morning jm .
Tn wht bout my lk .
( Wh this letter I 'll se you my new hoto , u ) anyway I thnk yu can recgnie me by my ol phoo .
Just in se I 'll be weaing that yeow ht yu sent me last year .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm so excited to spend these weeks with you nd I 'm reay pleas to met Eileen .
Maybe I should brng her smt from ere ?
hat s prefers?(I emeber you said h liked chocolate .
r sure e ha to taste ou loal chocolte .
Or maybe she wants t else ?
Ask he . )
I maly want to vist ferries wheel in Lono .
Hope we 'll ha eough tme to go her .
Also we can go to soe parks hat I think are inedible her .
Anyway we 'll discuss hee to go after my arrival .
( So do n't ned to hurry now . )
Thanks for care .
Looking forwar to met you and your family as soon as possible !
Hope we 'll hav fantatic holiay together !
Kd regrds ,
Fracois
Faces in te Cwd is an excellnt option r tose like me who love watchi tiller movies .
It tells t story of a beautful woma , played by the always stunnin d talente actrs Milla Jovovich , who is pulled of a brde by a ysterious serial killer .
Despite urvving te attack , ill oes the aiity of recognize ace , d hs se n not tell peple art , wich men anne uld be the sych who tried to kil he , ad se culd be in reat dangr .
As tim goes by , Milla learns how to idntif people 's body gestures , as she becmes moe confident with her new ability , er life om slowly bk to ormal , but o f to long , fr she becomes suspicious the murderer cn be clor then she wold ever expct .
No on a fiue it out untl he very en .
People are young or old , ich or oo , go thrgh stages of ups ad dos in their lives .
F mos of frieds in he drm of Uniersity of Education , Mii is ust an ordinary gr , neither eautful or smart .
But for Michael , she is his worl .
He loves Michael at first sight when he irst e ad tried to tak any advantages of opporunities to win he hert .
The is no doubt that the Sutherner in Vietam have pejudices against Northerner fr a lg tme .
It is ufortunate for ichel to get access to her because she is a Southerner .
Oercoing mch prejudies nd otacles from he famiy , he poved to be a oal and siner man wo Mm can ly h hope on .
But eerythin s chane snce he cm to Danang cy to furher stuy .
He bgn to have ntimate relationships with otr beautiful youg girs here and broke is promse- " Wi fo me !
I lov you foree a I will come back very oo .
I'll never love any gls bu y " .
In tems of oe , he did n't love her anymore but he still kept conact wit her .
Por Mi!.
She d n't kno anything and till waited in pain .
She could have got mrred wit a talented man if she had n't beived in wt Micel a said to her .
Everything is fine until the d of st summ when e had some ays off and ad an importan decision to go on a holiday trip to viit her boyfriend withut any notic for i as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Nver in he ife had she ee to as crowded a ci as Dann so she feft very rvous but extremely xcited about meetng her lve soon .
Right after fo taking off e pln , she trveled to s dorm to meet him with a view of satisfying er on witing fr im .
he more excited she is , the more dissappointment she a . Mii catch sight of her lover was kissing another young ir in s oom .
She burst nto ters making effor to leave that room as fast as possibl .
ichael clsd he door n knew at that moment he had ma a mistak .
Dear Mke ,
Hey!how are you ? How is le going ? ope your on wih your prestgiou exs that you told me abot .
Anyway I ve rectly en orgaizng an environment saving evnt f our brthtaking city by doing a reyclig cmpain .
ince ur d has recycling factr I taugh that he would be pleased getting he bottls and th othe reclable material as wel .
Aswel as you know in r counry tere 's trash being trown everywhere and mos of the things hat are hrown ar recyclabe .
This is the man reason why u environment is getting destoryed .
The charity I hose to invest in was he envirosavers charity , as they hae recently don a good job in re - building animl habitt so I taught that they igt nd ney nce hy just spend mone in building habitats .
İn the event there will be charged entertainments r all a grops , ere will be live msic , we also hav a lottery hich will be goin on .
aiting o your respone and help on they y do n't foret no amount is oo small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Than u o your ltter .
It wa great to hear frm o .
It has been such a long time since we wrote to ac other .
The fir thing I wan to say is that I am really urrised aut you fnaly decide to tart with usic 's esons .
Yo neve tol me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
What kind of instrunt are you gng to play ?
In my opinion , you should ty to organie a schedule fr your activities .
Do nt oret to ve time enug to go out with your family n frends there !
If I wer o , I woul t a prio of proof for a month .
If y do n't follow e schedule , you should gi up o of hem .
r instance , y hv been doing sport snc I e you so as to give up it for a season .
Do n't yu thik so ?
I hoe that 's useful.oo luck and let me ow o o get on .
Lokng forward to earing from y soo
Da rs Elisa Stephn ,
I 'm Vncenzo Manna , an engineering tuent h , by means of linguaenglish , is ing to pend thre weeks in Brighton ( as you lrady know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide a I ar arriving next 27th of Jul ) .
I oul like to ask u jst a piece of information .
Oce I arrie at he airport , is it beter to ctch a bus or a train which t me reach Brihton ?
Surfing e Internet , I have ound ht if I catc a b I will be ble to get off in several saton ( Cah station , Patcham , Preto Cius a so on ... ) whil travelin by train I ca chose etwen Brighton a w rihton .
So , could u el me ht is he bt way to rac your house ?
I ho to improve my English sils thanks to ts jurney , ad especiall my lstene and spokn Engish .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificae in Advance English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
lso for thi reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a faiy .
Inde , I think ti is e best way to iproe , listening to and peaking with natie glish eople .
I 'm looking frwar to seeing yu on ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Paart Conahat so I lved in Bangkaen district ince 201.I foun tat this area is hanged so rpidl , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buileda long te main roa nd nowaday this aa h a big shopping ma an mdern hosital and large police satio hat 's make my le so convenenc ad safe bcuse i can walk from my hus to go to shopping mll about 10 minutes othr hat i can walk to hospital ust aout 5 minute so i did n't wrry hn i got sick nd e large police station is set in front of the hospital ta ca asue safety for evryone who live in this ae .
F tis raon , Ths is he adventages of liig in ths ar but cause of any populations in th area tht make traffic in vey ush hou especially in the mrning very jam and take so lng me to drive a car to work tht is the disadvantages for livin in ti ae so , In my opinion , hi area soul hve imprvd transportation infrastructure like ivstment in y tain system to in covered round this rea .
Mary and Amber were having lunh at a restaurant .
They er very excite abot chooing th ods on the menu because he were first time eating he .
Howeer , My saw a youg a wt baeball cap taking away somthing .
Wen e saw h scod me , he fond ta s Amber 's bckpack .
ary yelled oudly at e yng man to call hm stop and everyone in the restaurant otied about i .
The young man dopped dn the backpack rapidly a tried to run away .
To s surprsd , mber an the nager of this restaurant had aeady tod in rot of the door .
The mangr told hem tat his guy had toen many stores in the tow , finally hy got i .
As a rsut , even thought he pt expressing is apoogist to Amb , she stll decided to cll the pole .
fte th police took him away , Mary and Amber ep enjoyin her fo .
The es of a is th th maager sa their el is free .
Athough he two mvis are of coplet dffernt genres , similarities still exist .
The stories of Stephanie an Ali in Rust and Bone , and Pat and Tiffy in the Silverlinings Playbook ll began with their livs goin through if - aterng eent .
In Rust and oes , Stephanie injurs herself in a brl outsd of a club d wakes up to reize he ha her legs amputad .
li , an uemployed fath in his i-20s who is struggling to ae ends meet and support his oung s , saves Stpanie and helps her get back on her fet .
As tey support each other through thr hardships , love sem .
Smiarly , P and Tifay were so going thrugh hard tes whn the ist met .
Pat d jt oten ut of reab for biplar isorer weeas Tiffany , a widow , who had just ls her job .
Once again , their relationship ega as friend and transforms into love as they help ach the conue persoal chllenges .
In m , both movies portrayed oe as a ceistry reaction tht stems o when two people willing to help ech oher ou of life challenges .
In th mvie of Rut and Bone , Ali akes Sephnie going out and swiming , even has sex wt her , helpng Stephanie to restore her if .
On the other hand , after A sart hs kickboxing arer , Stepnie always caes about h onditios , ten becomes his middleman .
Same as Rus d Bon , in the mie of Silvr Linings Plbook , Pat comanis wt iffay to break away fro h pt ; and Tifay help Pat to get te courage to id te wa bk into lov .
All ty want to do is to rpai th lov menings and find happness in their life .
ot the ovies lad happy edings to the lads .
In t e of Rust n oe , Stephanie is bk to h fe because of Al 's support .
l ealizes he oves Stephanie an he wo n't be he mn he sed to be anymore , ho do n't belee in oe and only wat n night stand .
Ad in Silver Lnngs Plybook , at and Tiffany , ho both ed to stuc in teir misfortne in h pass , leave thir ss behind and mo on with ech oter 's lv and upport .
is t moies give us a cocet : no mtter how wors e lis r , love can mak pple bave d find out the value of lives agan .
Albeit tos things in common , at the beginning of th movies , t depression of chrcters cme from different siuatin .
Pa nd iffan ar trapped in ter psycologically difficulties ; Pat 's desr of is ex - wif can no be fulfilld , while Tiffany can not get over her guilty of h usand 's death .
However , characters in Rust and Bone are suffering rom declned lf uality ; Stephanie lst e legs , n Ali is an imecunius n .
Althoug their hearts a all empty , h hash environent is moe hard to urvve .
In ddiion , loe is portrayed in dfferent ways in these two movies .
Sier inngs Playbook , as a Hollywood movi , describes te love story in a hilarious te .
Th sce is bright and h rhythm is ligh even if in te addest section .
Rust nd Bone , on the oher hand , presents stor in a reistic way .
h director does not avod rutal scee becaus those are exactl pts of ea lif .
In oncluson , every ove movie m be interpreted in dverse wa , whras people cul always fid distinct inspiaion .
In my opinion , being ncluded in h fresh TV news is a he contribution , grea oportnity to introduce yourself in the way you lik it .
It is possible to find many examples whic conims th argument .
In these times , we can folo sbd 's Twittr esfeed , ' li ' his Faceboog fnpage and , of course , follow nw abou those famous pepe .
They 're ben followed contantly by paparazzi , hei pivate potos are beig bought f millions of dollars .
Of cours bei in a simiar ituaion does n't seem to be easy t I think ta it is e of the prices of being fmous .
We should n't underestimate he iportance of societal and environmental problems .
Th both ms be soled ecause of thi great negative influence on the world .
On t o nd , I think ta the ost significant is soceta problems becue hey cause other prbems including eviromental one .
Pele alay u atre and i resources to satisfy the needs .
Hwver , peopl hve exploited e nature sine h last century .
Ter activities causd ls of negative conseuences such as ar , waer and and pollution , deforestation and clite change .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
Wereas devoped cuntris became aware of hese problms , por coutries hve plty of ocetal problms , so they ontinue to inflece he envirnmen in a negative wa .
hat 's h I consier that societal isus r the most dangrous .
r exapl , developing countries can not protct the environment because of ter povery , lo icoes , an populaion illieracy .
On h the hand , sometimes environmental rolems can be a reason for societal one .
It ok lace when some natural disastrs happened .
Sh diaster as earthquaks , flod and tornados affect a lt of pepl every year .
It has an unwllig impact on society as popl ar forced to save their lves , leave or renovate ther houses , ook for clothes , food an othrs .
Unfortunately , we an not pretend natural disaster , but we can solve societal proles .
In my opinion , t main decision is to deelop pepl 's ptential , inrese their awareness of persoal effects on nature .
If people take responiblity for heir cions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
As for me , we can aceve thi tough eveloping leadershi .
We must ave strg lades wh il strive f a bautful world .
People ca n't satisfy their limiles neds ; they think only abt their ealt .
A od leader must form a sociy , show an example an provide better alus for people .
He us insire others to achieve appropriate oas and to do their bst r the world .
In my oganization , we strie for peae in the world .
We beleve that we cn develop leadeship in each pern and uh ways we can avod a lot of global problems .
Tis exchange rogram will give me t required knowledge that I can use effetively to evelo Ukrainian society .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and eire to do something whereas I do n't kw w to do it rperly .
I hope tis interntional eperience wil teac me how to work on increasing cuntr welfare .
Thogh the ew problems ocur quickly in our state some peope and commnity , ry to do teir est to develop e civil nd democrtic siety .
We ed eternl hel to find o w to cope with th societal and environment problms .
Moreover , our cutry pas little attention to them so populatio houl do verything on tir w .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know evrything aout recyclin rubish and economizg nerg .
Tese skill e necessary fo us , and they hp us to improve a little ur ecological situation .
In cocluion , each problem mt be solved cocening socieal nd environmental isses ha mpde a further progress of our civilizatin .
What is mor , tis project wil ve me availble eperience including spcifi skills ha I can s to sprad healthy tendency in he social phre and careful atitude to the environet .
Television a entrtin everybody toy , it does n't matter he age , can be a baby or an oldet ersn , we can otie tat there are intrestig topics for a kinds of audienc .
It 's a multimedia evice th whle u wath TV , you can listen an see other peole or cartos , and it seem the characters ar alie talking directly to u .
Today th networks he a schedule of 24 hours of activitie , ou a watc e programs at ny time you want to , a if yu do n't like a proram y can change the channel and watch anything els , if th crease of channls and the competiveness , th adince has incrasd al its pwer of hoic .
We he the owe to choose at we want , t wh so man optons we must be awre of or o decisions , I at to say hat , although we have so my optons , not all of em are effective fr us , we are ab to dcid if we 'd rthr se a comedy or a dcumentary .
The prrams tend to eproduce our real life a our desies , such as a soap opea ich presets chraters wh difficult in their lives , u there are also the soluion of ll problem at h end , the ady get marred and live happy wth hs love orver .
Althoug he have a nice ending we need to rmember that the real lif is different nd th diffcul makes art of our lie , they a there to us to ve value to veything we have ad to remmbr us how ragile and , at the same tim , how powerful we are .
We can aso watch a documentar that teh us a lot !
There are documentaries produced with so ma careful at the rovide us with a ot of inormatin , sometimes it 's ch beter th eading a bo or hving a css .
Having aid that , we ju eed to rememb to be awre of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosig a pogram to ach and be happy wit our choie !
Pr and ons - cs in major city centres
In te last 10 years , vey sond famil has more thn one cr and most of the times ach member of the famiy drives his wn cr .
Ma of the automobile owner liv in bi towns and otn they park tir cas in the city enres , whee they wrk or study .
Recenly , governments in many contries , u a b f parking or vn a ban for drivig in mor cit centres , becuse this leads to creasing traffic jams .
Moreover , car pollute h a signficatly ad it bcoms uhealhy fo brathing .
In many towns are built undrgrund parkin places , where you can leave your ar we you have some wrk in the city cetre .
Only public tranport is peitted on the main strees , becaue it is sd from t of peole .
Sme ivers are not ken on thi ban , bcause tis is inconvenient f them .
The do not like travllin wi buses or tram .
In my pinon , hse masurs relate to ban of ars in t iy entres are effecte n lim the taffic j n the air plluion .
How does Shakespae mae ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' mical ?
In ' A Midsummer iht 's Dram ' Shakepeare crates a magical od n settin by usig charactrs , sc as the airies , and vent ( such as trnsformng Botom 's ead into a donkey 's he ) .
Te se and misue of magi of mic play a ital role in ' A idsummer ight 's Dream ' .
Each character in hs play , who is able to do magc , uses it in a different ay , f example : to help ; for teir n ned .
T good s of magic is en Obrn use ' love in idlness ' to mak or rather " fre " Demtrius to al in oe with Helna .
He uses it to hep e ad y to solv t proles in the loves relatin ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in loe with Hermia consequenly Helena in love with Demetrius .
It 's alost a love triangle !
h misuse of agic is wen it causes an argument beteen th Athnians .
As ck misakes Lysande for Deetius n squeezes h potion into s eye , e whol onflct begins .
Ts whole isute cold hve ben avoided if o for Puck 's mistake .
Hweer , jst as maic cused this chos , it als resolve in it .
Withut e misue of magc , th plot would n't be he same .
There 's be no humour to make it intesting .
In his play , th fairies are almost ike the eart of the book .
It is because of te magic of the fairies , h action in hi book is ik a dream .
The fairies nearly control evrything .
e weater chngs due to Obero n Titania 's argument , which mkes ' contagious fog'(2:1:90 ) an ' hoary - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
e faiis lo affet nature as Oeron 's n Titan 's dispute results in t wind ' piping ' to them in ' va'(2:1:88 ) .
D to having fairies as charater , it dds magic as fairies do n't exist in h human world .
It creates unreality an fantasy .
The beauiful language of te fairies ( verse ) kes us away from the odinary human world ta usually talk in pro .
T faiies ' magic is built by h contrast of the liv of e firies and " mortal " .
As a reoccurng thee , uck 's use of magc creates humour , conlic ad balanc in te play .
Puck 's magic also dd to hi naughty , cheeky , ttrctive character in tis play .
The maic of turnig Botom 's head into one of an ass ' , ads more humur to already the sef - confident character of Bottom .
Ti lso leads to mr huour as itania alls in love with Botom and calls him h ' wee love'(4:3:30 ) .
It als cretes the cmpaison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creture , whist Bottom is competely groesque .
The idea of itania having a ' flwery bed'(4:1:1 ) and th idea of Bottom , at hat time , looking ' monstros ' and ' tange'(3:1:91 ) creats a distncton .
The image of the elegant faiy uee referrg to a ma wh a donkey ea as her ' lover'(3:2:6 ) sem ridiculous .
Obon 's s of mgc is ainly used to help peole .
As well as for s need , he ues his magc to el ' A weet Athenian ady ' ' in oe'(2:2:260 ) naely Helena with e siuation wih Demetrius in t 2 .
Therefore , he is hown as a sympahetc haractr .
owver , Oberon also uss is magic to et he changeling boy fom Ttania .
When Obeo finds out that Puck has tansformd Bttom 's he into a dnkey 's he , he gets anoyd at first at Puck 's mistake u latr realizes that Titania a fallen in love wh a ' le thing'(2:2:40 ) , a n wth an a ' hd .
In he ook , Titania does n't se to use er magic much , nevertheless , se uses it a w ims .
Titania 's uses hr mag to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) te brie b so that Theseus d Hippyta would ve beautiful children and ive a hpy , marrd lie .
In t book , she is n't sow usin it fo her own ee .
Titani 's fairies ar also chaacters o s agic . They e it to protect her ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted skes with ouble tonge ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , like eron , is ued to help people nevertheless n f theselves .
Also , the fairies langag is macal as ms of heir lines are spells a ound as if they we in a fai tae .
h lothe of the fairies and their lives r also magca .
T place where Tiania slees is fl of ' oxlips ' and ' eglntne ' .
She sleeps on a bower a she wns a fan me of wing of uterflies .
The food ty ea ik ' aricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sun eotic as well as ot being u daily mals or snacks which also shows anothr ontrat btwee the humans ad fairies .
T ruit , us above , als sound like ones that would be found in a foret(bries ) .
The language of e fairies cretes magic by imagery ht is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us prbabl haen't heard of ' oips ' ( 2:2:250 ) nd ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the sound of these to wrds son lke fantasy .
Shakspeare 's choie of words creae thi .
He talks abot ' musk - roses'(2:1:25 ) and ' wild thye'(2:2:2 ) giving us this ige of this beautiful and , wt gren grs and a sorts of flowers .
Ths imge will probably look like where e fairies live or asociate it with a fary tle .
By doing ts , we ben to realize the magi in ti play .
In ' A Misumer ght 's Dream ' thre a may spells , e.g.
Flower of thi pure y ,
Hit it uid 's archery ,
in in ple of h eye .
When h ov he dth spy ,
Lt hr shin as gloriously
As h Venus of the sky .
Wn hu wak'st , if sh be by ,
g of er redy .
OBERO(3:2:0 - 19 )
Te lanuag used in hs spell cotain an references to nature ( ' Vnu ' n ' S ' ) .
This is w it creates agic and creats the sting as in William Shakespeare 's tim , they dd n't u many props .
ut by eding this , y ca maine his faiy king chanting a spell on a purple foer cald ' ve in ilness ' and o can understan Cupid ( the ree d of love ) had blessed this flower ih is arhery , ivng you an understanding ta his is a lo potin .
Shakespeare has also usd metaphors ad simls sch as ' let r shine as gloriously as t Vnus of the sy ' to create the thought ha lena shoul look like a ' goddess , nyh , ' in addition to being ' pfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:13 ) .
He uses ndirec word , e.g. He dos n't jst say love potion .
Shaespeare sys ' Flwer of tis purple dye , Hi ith Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letng us hik about hat he eans .
akespeare also uses t idea of magic in i conversations with other charaers for example : when Titaia speak to Obern in 2:1:60 - 4 , s mntions nature ay times .
She rfrs to he Mn as ' the governes of loods'(2:1:1 ) and refrs to the seasons quite a lo .
She describes t witer as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes hught of a miserable seson .
Th faiies ecite their sntnces as if they wre a pem or song . '
Sotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedeogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) e references to nimas .
Anmals , insects and plats are commonly eferrd to in ' ' A dsummers Night 's Drem ' d tes descriptions add to te mgic .
It create the sense that e firies hougt ha the animal re dangerous n the way they describe tm gages e reader .
T description of the animals an insects makes hem seem as if hey wee evil spiit to the fairies n spirits are magical .
This play lso rfers to ' slep ' d dreams .
After al e bo is call ' A Midsummers Nght 's ream ' .
Du to he magic , he bizarre ents were interrete as a dea as there 's be no easier ay to make the humas derstand th events tt had js happened .
Thnking of it as a dream creates inocence and vulnerability .
so , the tught of all our lovers avng the ae dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
lso , Shakespeare uses te thught of ply .
He ad the play ' ramus and Thisbe ' hich is a bit like a mii play bed on e storline ' A Midsummers Nit 's Dem ' as tre are two lovers whose parts do n't permit her marige .
When the ' mechanicals ' or workers change into heir characters , it is a t lie mic .
T characters in the ly like ' moonght ' are baic idea of tranformation lik ones th magi creae .
Also , there is t idea of te alteration of form tht ottom 's had gets ' trnslated'(3:1:104 ) xpresses th magcl feeling tht again his is o possible in he human wod .
Ptios are also sd to show a sense of magc .
In h human rld , th did n't use ells or potions .
At ths tim , the idea of potions mght eem unrealistic ad sly t by reding tis a t events h potion cnjurs creates mai .
The effect th ' love in idleness ' has in the ly , crats the plot n so potion play a main role in the bok .
Without mgc , e pl would n have the same elements of huour .
Also , the asence of magic wold alter the overal pot .
T repetitie hem of maic play a significant rol in the lay .
To summarize my pois , I ersoally thnk tht Shakespere presented mgi in th pa by usig thought uch as trasormations , ells , poions and aspects that do n't xist in t huan wold .
I personally hin , witout mic , th book il n be as pouar or engaging .
Shakesear ha done it gan !
By Pravinija Mkherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in e soth of Egypt .
you will enjoy the frindy atmosphere he .
If you lke to go hopping , you il hae multiple choices .
yu can b uvenirs from th eas or ws ank .
If you like artworks and atiues , you ca go shopping for stone scuptures in addition to papyrus hre .
Lovers of gold an ilve can get real barain at bazaar sps .
You can enjo your time here .
ou will never fore ths amang experiece d h fagrnce of the land of pharohs , legends and history .
Te cit of Old Thebes
Nwadys os schols and universities are helping students to find their ot suitable jbs .
This is caused by the changes tat the labor arkt has xprimented recently .
Enterprises wnt to recuit young an experienced popl d universities and schools have noiced that so they re hands on the task .
I shall consider two of the proose mthods .
It as be sggsted to ofr " wrk experience programs " .
Stuets il be abl to now deeply their tas as employers .
It sems a brilliant idea not onl becae of h knowledge th hey cuire but fo th expience tht it culd bring them .
om enterprises rquir eerienced employers and if oun peope have it , ey will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
So , includng in the CV e experence , seems to me , a stp further in t students ' care .
Another a to encourage tudents to find e prfect o would be courses nd qualificatio .
I entirel share this ia .
Uiversiies are supposed to give thei tudent informatn bout e skills tht a work invlves .Bt omeimes universities gve the more theoretical formatios instead of practical formation whi entepries are searchin .
Generally seaking students finish eir dgres with a imitd rane of experience .
I would herefore rue that he bes y to help students is to ombne a kind of " training " fr thir rk li nd some teoretical knowedge .
They ae to learn th skis that a jo nvolve ad the nly a to get this is practicing .
N a d 's we e having " n " number of Internatoal Sports , whee e c prove her ow talent and ve heir sociaism .
My favorte sport is Badminn because we can have lots of fun hle playing .
he shap of the court is in rcangle and is diidd in half by a et .
he mode of playing a be singl 's or doule 's .
her are six main sots : the serve , he ear , he smash , te rop , the forehand and h backhand .
It 's a god exercise to mak on fit d asy to pl .
The fun in this gme is we ed to dr the shuttleock on t other side of the court and wi 's until th opnent responses to it .
My sgestion for te eole wo wants to start thr oby as badminton , firstly o ne to ow the ules n reguations of the pay .
As it 's a mind set gae , the player need to fcs on th weaknesse and t accordingly .
To be a succssful playr oe has to learn so tricks , which elps ther game asier .
An la but t least as a laer one as to keep in mind at , they should ot get deprssed wh they fe tht their game is oin out of her hands , wre inste of that one a to fight nti te last min of the ge in order to decid whether the plyer is winner or loser .
Thus by booing themsels ad to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am very plesd to hear that you finally mnage to open your restaurant .
I 'm really sorr at I can not accet your offer to wok at yr restaurant .
I 'm ey buy with my new job and with th kids .
But I have someone in mind that cn help yu at t rsturant is my sister Srina you met e at my paty .he is a lovely girl , hd workin , flexibe y will love to work ith er .
h ha t of eperiece , he worked in a rsaurant for 5 years and aso can ook .
Le me ow if o are interested to know her eter .
Yurs ,
Stela
I am very gl to hear tht ou will come to my contry .
In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling uh as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to ih huan two weks ago , a I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
Fro Ho Chi Minh City , you could go easily to Ninh Thun by train an it takes you only 6 hours .
VH ay in nh Thuan is assumed as o of the et ay in et Nam so tha I especially ecommnd you to go hre .
To experience well , you should say here at least thre days .
Last tie , I just had a cace to sy r o days , a I lt regrt whn I got home .
Looking for a jb in Ve am is not easy for a foreigner like yu no .
However , if you are able to cook , I thik o will be in .
esides , ou could sel your o fo on e street , hih sounds er interesing .
Just keep tining aot these dvse ad let me now if u he any concerns .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
et te il Clu vry Moday at t College theatr
A studet group se to ee at the College Theatre eery Mondy o watchin fms and afterward discus about thm , but y 're nt lone !
ach Monday her is invited a different guest paker to e Fl lub o anage he iscusion wih a good dnk thanks to e Coffee Bar special le opning .
Famus directors as idey Scot an Alejandro meáb ae to te club in te lst weks .
They spoke but their ims frm a poin of view tha will discover yo a nw wonerful a of inteprt the meaing of the ioic messages th he 've introduce into heir movies .
On the ne season there 's goig to be a new cycle about WI nd m Hnk a Mat Dmn will vsit e ilm Club f speking about te fil where th appeared " Savin Pvate Ran " n their poess to e invoved ito their charaters for a re - like acting .
CONCLUSION
If you love the cinema or if you ol wat to tae a brea in your dil rotine and meet new people and mae ew riends you ca n't lose this rea pportunity to turn a gey Monday into an amzing start of e wk .
oe peope argu that , when e weekend is coming the wnder wht to do just for oe day!The would like to have a rt .
However , hey want to go out n sen time with their families , as wl .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
I 'm uggeting ou choose bewen to different places : bea or mountain .
If you prefer to go to t beac b you are no se what to do the , here e some special ideas to consider .
Fisrt of a , rmembe to take food that an be ean easily without much es ( pnish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , sip ... ) n , moreover , you an b some drinks ad water eause it is n to eat at the beach nd people usually get ngry often after they do smehing like swmming , jumping the waves , srfng a so on .
layig in the sand bying pepe one another or making sandasles might be a great ay to send a da outdors .
Neertheess , if u do n't like sand at l , yu can hoose the other optio in he mountai .
It could be a differen ay to spnd a uiet day in a peceful , plci and restful pace .
Furthermore , gong on a hk mog trees wit a cool breeze around yu can be te knd of place that allows you to forget h bus ciy life , though .
Theereore , hch one of these t paces woud you hoose ?
In my opiion , no matter where you go , just take your camer and take photos in order to be able to remember hat wonderful , amazig ven unforgettable ment .
At he e , the ost impotant thing is to have and enjoy a elaing time .
Purpo
The upose of thi report is to showcase the in which pwer cnsumtion is reduced , joined by the savng of natul resources in my cty .
Measur being taken
In Cj , in each year , durng t sumr , te local authorities give citens t opportunity to rent bicycles , thing that can rduce he r pllutio roduced by car fumes .
They al ncouage people to use bicycles not to consue so mch fe .
eir success
Surprisingly , peope suort this prject and vey ar the number of bicycs rented raises .
Me amore people sart wondering about their health , hin tt makes tem use hir cars not as oft as they used to .
re ting that could be done
The ocalauthoritis can also organise vent in whic thy can encourage pepl tstart saving natural resources like water , or to convince peope that powe consumption cn be reduced in ay other ws .
Grea Eats !
La Cacharrería is a smal , Spanish restaurn in t d town of Cácre .
It is a popua lae .
The interior is simple .
Th ales are small and tall b they e comfortabl .
The tmospher is friendly and reaxed .
Thee is a little courtyard with tre tals .
La Cacharreriaes a tapas restaurant so you n choose lots of different , sll shes and share them .
I try something new ech tim I go there , b I often order the umus , I love it .
I al recommd the zucchini flwer or he salas .
The od is alwas fesh .
the desserts e delicious nd oigial .
T sevic at La Cacharreria is vy good .
he Waiters e rely helpful .
ey are always happy to exlai the different dses an rcomend wl .
Anoher thing about this resturant is that it is cheap , about 20E er person .
La Caharrería h a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a table and it is ve popular .
I ecomend La Cacharería , becase it is a grat lae r a quiet meal wi friend .
Hi Ryan ,
his is jus a quick e - mail to apologse because I forgot to sk you if yo want to ome to celebrate the e of e year .
Finally , to say tht we 're going to at at Teepizz .
I ope your answer soon .
Bye ,
Arnzazu .
Sleepig to muc is a relief , ut for oers it c be totue .
Differnt facto such as stres , psychological problems , noise , lights hat do not let you res .
" Sleep n Your Heth " talk abou this .
ntion 3 things we sold do to slep better a be healty as well , wch wil discuss blo .
h frs step to bete sleep is to reognize tt mabe I can he a sleep disorder .
akig me as an example , I do ot think I have a sleep disorder .
I do not have roule sleeing , or inrrupt my sleep repetely .
I sure do not get enough sleep but not a slee disorder , if not , the pace of life I ead .
Th second step is to identify what I oul caus h sleep isorder .
En if you have a dorder , yes I can identify fctor that a inrrupt my sleep .
The eading spch of many , bu wth whom I idetify most is caffine efre sleeping and eatng heavy beoe bedtie .
I definitely need to pay ttetion to thes ctors an that way I can see imprement .
e third and fnal step is to t to identify problems at first .
It is vy important to know w we can imprve u healt .
There are different mdications or en naual things to mprve these condition .
Hp and pt into practie these tips wl help us hv a healthier li .
In summar , it is important to ay atention to or health .
Read things that an help us live btter can be ey helul .
Implemnt eh ouncil and tell others bot your improvements , is a gd way to he others .
So for now we mt sleep well to be ealthier .
My favourite sport .
t me tell yo about my favorite sport .
I ike may tpe of sports but I prefer swimming .
Swimmg is my favourite sport .
I practise it evry ay in my chool .
We hv a swimming ool in or schoo ad we swim ro 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and rlaxed .
The beneits of swimming a that your body is heahy and yo brain is alert .
To pactise this port first yu ae to met somen who teaches y o to swim because it is a beautful sprt but it is ls dangros .
o ha to have a go coah and a god swmsui .
If you try it you can do it .
Karen
Sm pele think her is no future for pulc transport , ecause travelling by r is so muc or convenient .
Cars actually hv my adantages .
wever , it doe n't mean the public transport hav to disappear .
The main reason to consider there is future for public transport is that , acordig to ecolgists , we must t dow t massive use of cars .
The pollution level is me and more increased by this ecessiv u .
Then , the ublic transport is needed to void me problems in h atosphre an ve the planet .
What 's mr , not only icreases it the polluton , u ls turs ou to be dngeros for u sense of hearing .
In addition , I tin th public transport is a necessary ervce which we should hae access to .
Eeyone ca n't afford a ar or , for a reason , are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is too importnt to go on with a public transot business ow and in the future .
In conclusion , from my poit of ve , people fro a over the world uld rater travel by r ha travel by pblic transport bt we 'd beter u hs means of ransort if we wat to ontine lving in accurate conditions .
Dear Mr .
Gr ,
Please find below clarificaton related to the elow issue :
During a meting it ed of the department in M I s complaini aot service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olmpus Mcroscopes are not unde Sevice Coract , and handling by Eletronic W / S in M.O.H. ) an I suggested to rovde the required tainin for s al staff , in rde to improve the quality of ympus Microscpe erice .
Ne day I ve recved a cal from one of the tecniian Mr. Humam Altannous ( ho ws comliat against us ) and asking to epair e Microscopes in Malariya L ( which are o under warranty or Contract ) .
I explained to hm t tandard protocol tt it shod be send a official repir equet in oder to proceed wh rpair he ni .
But he is n ady to ccet it and aking us to come and epair the it without a rpair euest issued . please note that ou telephone conversation a ony fo 2 mnues an during this conversation he a misehaving and mistreating me n hang - up th phone ) .
He as not asing any Manl / trouble shooting instruction durng our call what he mentioned in his emi .
Next day I was complant against him ih he Head of the departme , uring ha tme ly I cae to kw that he is one of the technician wh is takig cae of repairs of te Micrscops in th epartmnt , a is Mangr requested me to no repair ny uit wthout offcial request , besie he wi cm back to me regarding my complaint gainst hi employee .
Please note that we a kepin a oo relation with our cutomers and alway gving r od service as well .
We ope that above explanation is sufficiently lar n exhaustive .
Thank fo you kind understanding
Due to tre will be an international fesival for young people in our region , I hv witen that report in order to know the preernces of the a he teds wic a on nowadays .
Firstly , I he asked but the msic ta is listned to ad about the favourites styles ad rups and e results show us tat te r n't simiar compared to musc ty likd a w ears ago .
In fact , they hardl eer can efned themselves such as pop fn , rockers , ...
In addion , plty of girls wo were interviwe old th could n't stnd regaeton msic , owevr hey usd to want to listen to it in discos becaue they culd danc .
In my opinion , young people do n't have musical clture and magnificent and of music ke Rolling Sone are going to have remaining in te oblivion .
Secdly , I debated ith oun people to television programes that are watchd currently .
Most peopl prefer to wth reality programmes where people hve to live ith unknown eope in ordr to gossip abt them .
However , the ocumtaries ae big forgotten nd only a twenty - i percnt of the wld like watching more ineesting TV series like Lost .
Morover , ll of thm choose wthing TV against reading a boo as fir oion .
Finally , I also tled bou th clohes they usually ear .
It is aid that you are tht you are wearng but in ti rept , we n chec that it is not certain .
Actual , in opposition to t usc , yung eple feel that they can reveal heir behaviour and hei haractr by wich the clothes r being wr .
Nowadays , al peple use te Internet and aplicatio everywhere .
oreover , it is very sy to ake friends and communicated with someod .
Firs of all , taks to the intrne you an meet or talk to pope even if no by your sie .
In adtion , it 's easier to talk th someone tat you do n't meet and yu want it .
Furthermore , if you are a y pson , this a is very seful or you because you n tak ore drectl with someone .
Secndy , if you us e Internet to meeting nw people , it 's a good ay to finding peoe wih simiar iterest . Yu ca enter pplicaion and y can epain hw you look lik d someone is interested in yo .
Finaly , I think that tanks to the internet you ca tk with somne who live in Jpan , u oftn you sp talking ith smeone who is ors front .
In concusio , I 'm age that nteret it 's a ood way to meeing frien because u can know a lot of ople around he wld .
The stateet - ' There is no future fr public tansport , bcause travlling by car is so much oe convenient . ' can be discussed in two different aspects .
ne ay of using transport is to dily travel to wr within e cy , othe w is to use it when you are visiting yu rinds or family outside the city .
The have been god progrs in transport in bot e spects .
Transport has ecome faster and mre convenient , n it can be attribued to t of factor such as btter roas , nw technolois an inovatins etc .
People who ravl diy to wok , usualy prefer public ransport over o car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transort such as meto do not nee to fe traffic , it is lays aste w to reach office .
On h other hand if I would be travelling to see my frends or family in eaby ton or just on holiday to , I wod reer my r .
If o are travelling in you car , it give you flexiblity to choose an way to reach your destinaion , you can ma any number of stppage , an eve stop for or favorte ice crem .
In futue ; environment will alo ecome a key factor in determnig the tate of hse transot medums .
Cuntris toay re trying to reduce ther carbo footprints , they a trying to encourage public transport .
This iniative ill surely help countries to rdue polution .
I think education is on of the most important thing for everyone .
In my opinion , it is , probably , e base of te values of every societ cause o chidren frm now wi be he n or women of the future .
In Span the vast mayoit of schools a stae schools .
This is the reason for the government decsins of ducaton play an essenial role . I ha always tught that it should be reace fr all .
I studied in a state shol and I belive that I t a go educatio n only acdemic training ut also strong principls to liv in ociety .
Th inteet and social networks ae ivoled a g change in our knowledge and behaviou front to he wld .
ro my point of view I fel like we are losing things so imprtant as the effort to rach goa or respectful everyone .
Nowadays , we ar living in a lobal world a we ut lean ow to ie together erefore the educati is the nl way to achieve it .
For instace , knowing oter langage , like English is increasingly d a day .
To s up , education is , in my opinon , te most important base of any soety and it shol be eached whole eope .
No doubt eple need to move fom a place to an other .
There are may reasons for travelling , d to travel fr n place to an ohr people s diferen meas .
thre ae variet of transpor mean .
ome are private nd om are pblic .
Public transport means uh are trains , planes a buses ae now as t mst cheap ad used by al travelers , nd the cost of using hem is something that sit h people who ean not so uch money .
Whre as the rivat mns sc as crs and smll planes are know as t os expensive .
ey cost to much to n them , and to run he .
Their ul a kits are athe xpensive .
The er of the transprts mean are differ , the ubic ons are ae to cary b umer of trvelrs , wher as th private means used by very lttle nuber of people .
This option ay be apied on the cargo lo .
becase the pblic means of ransport can car a ot , and tis help to move cares to very where ih l coast .
Al these points are spprt the importance of he public tanport men , and ensur h useul hy are .
In my view , the public transport wl keep on offering their sevces , and wll neer be effected by e appearance of private means .
Itroduction :
Th report is intended to evaluate h Activ Lisure Cb ad to giv some suggestions to the Club 's e facilities .
Minuses :
he club 's afetria , locke rooms ad bathrooms a to small o h nmbe of meber .
I beleve hat shoul be aken in mind whn te new failites are built .
Puses :
The Clu fers a wide ang of activitie to spend im .
Those activities developed my interest in sprts and nature .
The saf must so be congatulated .
Everyone on e organisation s kind , elpul and cherfu .
Recommendations :
Atough faclties r well rgaised , they are too sml inc more ad re peope are becoming members of the club .
However , the advantages overcome he worst aspets d I will be apy to join the club again ext Summer .
Dr Jo
Tans a l for you lter ! I am pleas to hear that everthing is well with u and that you ar coming to Poland .
I 'm vry sory th I haven't repled earlier , b I had rd ime at university .
In my pinio Poland is beautiul country , so u will not be disappointed ! I woul recommend you starin yo ri in Poznan .
I would love to how yu arnd my cit .
Ne , you c head to Wasaw .
It 's beautiful city !
I would like to ask you if yo like mountains ?
If so , I recommend ou to explore ołowe Mounain - in my oinio it 's h most beautiful ple in Poland .
If I were you , I wol start loking or a b with heckin local advertisements on the Internet .
There a rely a lot of job offers utable f you !
I hink your knowledge of Enlish will be yr great advantage .
Best wishs ,
Piotre
to wo my concern
Hereby I am wriing in referene to the advertiemen published for the USA SUMMER MPS , in rdr to apply for te job
My name is Gerard Jones ad rher than telling you tat I always wanted to wr with cildren .
I wuld like to sre with you hat my younger broter aores me , such as my other cousis whose aes remai as t equired standard fr going capin .
My expertise is to organise gams for chlren , everybody enjoy he way I dvelop my strategy nd hy just ca n't rsis th team 's rialry during the games .
I am also a talented coer o kids , my vie is als tyng to convince them that cooking is n ad somties ty s me to teach hw to ke basi dishes such as ommeetts , spghett and ore .
My plan is to hv fun n prvide fu with my work f hilren , I csider myself vy patient and I do car fr chidre , in at order of ideas , I wul ike to pply for the job ad if it 's possible , oi our next cap in summer .
I aprecite yor attenton to thi ltter , do nt hesitate to cotact me in as you he any doubts
Sincerely ,
Gerard
Doing spots or ust wathing them ?
Nowada there e ma eople w practis pots , bu other people refer jus wacing tem .
On t o hand , ding pots alow you to hve a healthier life .
Mot doctor recommend doin this .
Doing spors is a od way to forget abot real life , y focus on the cmpetitin nd is ike to have a rs fro e cotidian ife .
On the other an , doing sors is ealth , despite the ft tha there are ris port hat c ause several health problems an oud ead you to deat , ny watching sports seems safer .
In conclusion , peronall despite the dger of some sports , dong sprts is by far better than just sit in your hous and watcing them .
Dea sr / mda ,
I 'm so glad to hear tha you give me an opportunity to make yr lub facilites improeent .
It would be a great chane or you club to hare my ids to improve your facilities
Please ref to the go ad ba points of your club in my view as beow ,
Th go points of the cl ae as blo ,
1 . l the eole ho wrk in the club are attentive n professional
2 . T faclitis are cheap to use
3 . h changing oom is very clean
The bad points of the club are as below ,
1 .
Th y of ur club is no open ro 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
he temperature of th channg room is too low .
I woul like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM fo the people who at to visit there litte b earler d h hetng changing oo should be fixed .
I 'm looking forward to heain rm o tht my rly uld be a great tip f your club this year .
yours sicerey ,
TLee
The last film i saw was called " The oths " altough is o a recent fm .
Th film is a horror movie which tes th tory of a rch fmily who lived in an old mason in an abandoned island after the second world wa .
he poblem abu this mansion is tha the sae hids a lot of secrets and misteries which re going to be discoered by its temporary owners who e a faml whose husband wnt to war n died so t real cupans of e ouse e nicols , an easily scre bo , his sster nne who tun to be one of the st impoant character of e flm and hei mother who is called race and a a particuar obsession for caholsism .
Th other charctrs that also take an important part in h ovie ae the servants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the te girl ldy w lso hides a lot of ecrets .
e fim decrivs h the oe ha a mother can give to er cldren n easlily tun into an obsession.howee,at mak hi flm so special is ht tht pretends to be a typica horor move but at ts fal scene the is a suddenly change ich turn it mr interesing .
It was made in he right place fo such an unexpcted fil as it was made in a i manor on an abandone fog isld .
I would recomend this film to anyone , eve tose who re eaiy scared sced because it is t as th esto of horor oves , it is a fil in hih yo are cotinuey discovring serets as if yu where anoher hracter .
You wll have a reat time
Public trasort s developed for pope wo were poor nd could not afrd thi w tansport .
Public tansport is he vhicle fr passenger who ca tave from one place to another in ls mey .
At fist this transport as appreciated marvelously .
Everyone el so elighted but unfortunately w eople feels uncomforable when it comes to travel via public transport .
In eary as of ubic transprt , people were on stick to thr normal routine nd dd not wih to earn mor frm heir job or ok .
Today ver sige pern is curiu to ear money as much as hey n nd the interesting art is that this criosity is increasing da by day so is their income .
So no alost 80 percent people c afor their own transpor .
As peple eel comfotable in there own vehicle .
he main advatage of havig your wn transport is tt o do not he to wit or he pulic transport , you can save your tm as ou ony need to accelerate your w transport and die to ou destinton .
Public Transport is sl nw , even though they re very comfortable t unfortunately people feel public tranpot is for poor people and if any middle cas or upper class wol tavl trugh publi transport it oud afct h rspet .
But still there re so many people wh use public transport frequently b tat is only ther compulsion and povety .
When th would be financily stable ty uld surly uy their own veicl .
So in my opinion I gree with th statement tht there is no uure of public transport .
It is a well known fact that transport is qite related with poution .
Th humed fumes are n of the grea problem r the envronmen .
So hat it is a ueston tha required a deeper reflexion r ll of us .
Wheter plic transport might be t solution , or be mor adecate or ot , it is something with aguments in fvour and agaist .
Firsl , many people think public transport ha not uture because travelling by car is faster d more independent .
ou do nt to wait f a speiic tim to cath te bu , o example .
Secondly , eple thnk uing a car is a cheaper option in long tem than tralling by public trasport every d .
However , a lot of pople r becaming mo and mre coscincious about h imortant tavlling by public transport is .
n of the mos iprtant reasons is precisily to take ca of th environment .
Using ubic tranprt reduce te polutin .
hat is ore , when we speak about pollution we are no only talking aou exhumes fums .
We ls speak abot nose .
I am ve happy with te ie to encourage the public tranport 's s u to ak the ities a better place to ve .
If everyone travelled by bus , citis wou be a quite differt th ones we know no .
Dear aul ,
To tl o the truth aot the concert , I id n't think ht it wul be coo ut it was !
I really likd to work with special efect and e best ting tht I leart a o abot hat ehnology .
I 'm looking forar to hearn from you !
Be wies ,
Ssh
Publi transportation is the st opula mthod in travelling to places .
These transportatio ca be easily foun nywhre to reac your destination .
On e thr nd , travelling by ca is more convenient nd safe .
Travelling by car is preferred by some pople ecaue of s convenience and advaages .
For eample , ai bags have en tested to nsue the safty of h passenger and the driver .
In addition to this , we would o take to muc ime in oking for a s which wuld go secificall to ur destination .
But we can not ny te ft at pulic transportation has been around in eas n in ver country as a men of travel .
Most of the peop prefer this ki of transprt , especial those who can ot afford to u a c .
Also , this is the heapst w to get to yu prferre locaon .
I disagree that her is no futur r public transportation as it is still widely used all over te world .
Moreover , this h lped a lot of peole epeially those who an o afford to buy a car .
Howeve , public trnspotation in h futur might be imroved and developed an will still be used by ny people .
Th side efect of depending onl on cr as he in transportation a earkable .
we shuld ncourge public transportation ll we a becaus ver cty now ha hg number of cars u on it 's stret an this umer is going up speedy .hing ts huge inreasing of cars that ill impact badly in public health & environet and infrastructure .
It is mre convenient with moden liestyle to tavel with a car because of the privacy and independently.te remarkable develpmen of c 's uxury and more option .
although it will be ver cost in fl , a service nd effort of concentrion on dring all of his negatiity you can avid it easily by using blic transportation , it shou be cheper than ing yor own car you do n have to lk afer it you a do actvitis wail u e on it like reading or chting with yur friends or having mortant phone ca
e environment impat is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars lk having thousads of factories in our streets givn us tans of CO2 gs ad ny the pollton ses.he eed e tan or plns or ev buses ow competing ite car 's peed and even more fat ha it in a lot of aces .
Usng pubi trnsporttion is better thn use individual cas , but we shold put ore attractive this inside it and hould ve nw designs nd more privacy nd luxury eans , expanding in electric c and other clea enrg is very important ght n to rduce enironment 's plluton as far as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so muh f your ast letter .
I ae neve frgtten that uny soy abut baseball math .
It was so impressive .
Sport is relly important .
Hope my toghts il be inresting fr ou .
As for my persnal experience of sports , I do n't do it profesionaly .
My ftur job wo n't be connete wth it .
So sport is my hobby , a ice method of having a et , spendig om w unusual life .
Most of all I enjoy playng volleyball and badminton .
There was a such time wh I as isitin ollyball cl , bu I gave it up .
I do n't know y exactly .
abe I ha n't nouh time .
admiton is wh I consdr to be favorite .
It 's esy , interesting and fnn .
o an trn yo hands , reaction nd legs , because it needs much run .
Usally I do this kind of sports wt my sister .
We he a grea time .
Moeover , I like to do diffent physical exercises every morning .
It makes my ay oe productve .
When it 's a god weather , I ejoy joging ne h ouse .
o cod I forget about cycling ?
To my mind , bike is the bst way of traeling .
It 's aso usfl for cardiovascular sstem .
I 'm absolutey convince , everoe hould realze that the most iportnt is healh and srt realy can help .
If you want to keep your ody in a good frm , yu ouht to go in for it .
If yu figur is nce , ou will have a nie mod , wonderul feelings .
So it 's bete to cooe port insead computer in orr to relax , fel positv emotons .
Te Home of the Future
Havig lived during the centur , which provide humanity with gas houses , uesion ponders , hw wl he oe of he Future lk ?
Predictabe , se of h solutins wi remain intact .
Any changes wul an a resignaton of comfort .
Hoe is to be divided bewen cabers in orde to pesrve t pricy of the occupants .
Pices of furnitre , namly chai , table and bed , would rmai uchanged .
Nonetless , the chanes will be vsible on t interior as well as e exterior .
Bidings will ecoe mallr , yet me funcional and ogansed .
Furtermore , hey wi be eclogcal , th main reason usig reneable ources of energ .
As a matte of fact , redtion of living space ll not be noticeable due to thinner wls .
The windows re bound to be roaer .
Th electronics will undergo t mo evient chnges .
The screen will be no longer required for the computers n TV .
l electronic devices wil be contolled by the voi thughts .
Dea i / Madam ,
I am writing his letter ecause I am concerned but facilities f shopprs in or aa .
First of ll , I hv to admit I am addicted to shopping n I rally like that there is such an exensiv shoppig area in o ton .
I apprciate also tht it is located near to h osing tate .
Unfortnaely , I thk there are some sects that demand improvements .
In my opinio arkin charges e too high .
Furthermore , th hopping rea lacs restauras and entertainment facilities .
Peoe uualy become hungry ater shopping , so opening eatng places in this area ould be ve beneficial .
In ddiion , h hops arrangemet is actually ry mesy d finding the store I need is hard .
I wld like to popose some solutions , as well .
h prking shuld be fe of chargs , it would attract moe people a incease the income overall .
Moreover , yo huld hane th arrangement of shops nd divide the whole area to ertain sectns ( e.g. cloths , fd , and ose ) .
Fially , opening restaurants th dferent types of food and entertainment acilities like moi theatre and gyms should be considered .
Your ithfully ,
XYZ
My favourte sport is undobtedy joggng .
I am ver luky bease o far from my ome there ar thre parks so I can pactise this spt enever I want .
Usually I jog thre ay a week and , onestly , I could n't do without !
Running in cntat with nature allows me to rlx ftr work and recarge my energies .
ne finished my trining , I go home , ta a shower n ... I fel lik a new won ! !
My adce for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
The can begin to jog for 15 minutes and tn ncreasng the time so ht thi body a et used to h mucular effort .
Furthermore , it wuld be uful having a chronometer to check ou your imrvement .
I wod aso rcmmend to stretch atr every wok out to avoid any kind of musculr pain .
If you prefer , yo can substitte stetcing with ew yoga exerciss as el .
Good jogging ! !
Ang young eople exist a tatemen tht shoppng is alway an enjoyabe a to spend your fe time .
Personally I am not completely aree with this way of thinking .
On the oe ad , if y have ney nd a lot of free ie you ca spend al d dodging in the mall for onl one , pecia kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
But if you do not hv money , rices can only etroy your dy becase u knw tht yo can nt afford it .
The prices in the shops often e very high and clothes r not good qualitatively .
d whn o want to buy smething in ler price , you need to go to t mall when there ar seasoal sales .
But then everyboy goe crazy , you need to crowd thouh the mob , argue with another person for one , special ir of hes in your ize .
For me it is only a torure .
Also you a be robbed ecaue in croded plcs you can easly fal prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise you need to have time to wak through all h shos n fnd what you ned , every ting on h rc is calling fr ou attentio , after a whl u want to uy eerything .
On th otr had if ou fn a real bargain an buy soething in very low price , yu will be hapy and ontent r he res of the d .
Bt in my ce , it happen raely .
Soe people do no nt to bu tigs by network because he wa to tr on for exape lotes .
For me it is t necesary because every eller giv t siz of his product and then I can check if this thi ill be good f me or no .
Als o ca alway retun it like in te sttioner toes .
Summing I refe doing my shopping by mns of webide or aucton portals .
There I c eily fi at interets me , hat is in my siz etc .
For me it is easier n faser way to buy what I wt , oten in better price .
h diagrams ilustrates the process of mkng bak notes .
e fist sp is dsign hih includes backgound colr , artwork and security ssus .
Ten ove to he nt step , prparatin of metl plates , wile skilled machinits is needed in tis process .
riting is quite relted to the irs two steps beause t esign nd siled mchnists huld both be cosiered .
And wh the shet of bk ots ar being prted , colour on both sides , pecil ink a sightl rie ima should on the bank note .
The most mportant step is inspection , where pritd shet should be inpeced manually d caefully .
It divides sht of bnk not nt tre type , whic re od ualty sheets , arially damaged sets or bank note separated ito good and bad and bad shees .
oever , the is a big diferenc between hese thre tps .
If e qualit of seets and bank otes r god , then he wl be pckage a distributed .
Conversely , b heets and bank notes will be estroed .
Ms / Mr head of department :
My name is lira ergar a I appl fo the jb in h smmer cmp of you advertsemnt .
I am prety energetic , hr - wokr an , al , I know to speak English reall well an a bt of Italian language .
Beies , I hnk I would be a oo workr o u because I knw cooing n how I oo after the children .
In ddition , I am very keen on children and teach em the marvels of the enviroent .
I have worked in activtie ot - of - scool before an in other summer amp in the south of Amrica o .
Also , I ae suied teachng and I pratised with my ather , h is a teachr . I have done swmming since I a five , so I coud teach yo children 's camp aot wmming and ohr spots like basket or hockey .
I woud ke working with yur compa because I have studied for th and I love it .
Besides , I ned h mney to bcme free ad no eped more of my paents .
I am looking forwd to hearing fr u .
Contact me by eail .
Thas
Sincerly ,
Elvi
There ar so an ptions on television that somtime it 's hard to mk up our mi , do n't you think ?
Yo n watch reaty shows , cartoons and whrevr yo want .
u can ee international channels and live shows aroud th worl , somethin tht in he past cold be too good to be tre .
On t other hand , when we think about he currently program 's style , evn hose shown on paid tv , it sems that noting a changed .
they keep proucing te same kin of programs , h same kd of movies nd ap operas .
Moreover t rpeating is mssive , I et that at least nce a eek you can find tht old series called friends , ca n't y ?
Even kowing tat ot too much as changed ou options nowadays sil make t elevsion a very god too to get a family togehe nd sen an enjoyable tim .
ea r / Madam ,
I am writing to expss my disatisfaction wit yu sevic I reeived when I spen a night at our otel on 20t ach 2014 .
Fitly , I mut inform yu ha I am dissatisfied wth h htel reeptionist because he forgt to pce my wake - up cal and as a reslt I overslep and I ised my flgt .
I hd to u a ticket for the next liht .
Frthermore , I was late o a very imprtant appointment and I lst a ot of money .
I would recommend y to imrove ou standard and ualit of sevice an to draw your attention to h stf in yor reception .
I believe ou gve this matter ou rgnt attention .
I fel ta you sold refund my st of staying at your hoel and I demand refundi h cost of aother plae tickt I had to y .
I look forward to receiing your rel or I wil be forced to take a lega action .
ea ir / Maa ,
I am writin to ifor you about one of the ost interesting pce in u town .
Ter is a ot utstandig views a worth viiting places t et me tell you abu te Warriors Museum .
he Warrior Muem is te bes kown museum in the region .
It looks like a stle an there ar many room wit arher om IX to XX .
The totre ro is very popular ih children but eager fans c also find somehing suitg th .
Gide are helpful and brin - you ca sk hem y uesions and th wil answer .
The brathing landsaps ou cn e from a usem are lso a great vantage .
The museum is located near h enter of ci , you ca get ere by bus in 5 mnuts or go for a wl or about 15 minue .
Tikes cs 15 zlotys for studts nd 20 zlotys for adults .
I hoe I was helful . I lo forar to hearing from you .
Yours fithfully ,
X
My ae is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexic an I 'd like to tal abou my favorite sport , " Mua hai " .
The first time prcticng Muy Thai was 5 yea ago , at that te I s n't sure of practcing it bcuse I did n't consider myelf trng enough for fighting , that 's wha most of the yng peole thnk , at ast in Mexico and me other countries , n that 's one reason wy pepl do n't practise ua Thai n is not knn .
Wll , you should know that bodily strengt is ery important in ths kid of sports but is not e most important ing , mental strengt is also important ; a mi of bh trengths a necessary , remember the body does what te mind commands .
Was hard at e beginning js like wen you sat doing sometin new , so ee a sm tis if you wan to start practicing Muay hi .
Be confident
We you practie any spor , yu have to be confide on yourself , wihot confidence you will not ve ay progress .
Wor on it , that 's part of mental strength .
Warm - up
efre starting the pratie y hould warm up , you do n't want to ramp up , righ ?
Nevr give up
May Thai is a complete spt , yu use arms , legs , elbow , knes , fet a re , th means yo have to do a i effort .
If ou do n't kw how to kick or blw , ask our shifu ( teacher ) nd keep doing it ntl you get it .
Pactce
Practice make better , do eseach abot Muai Thai 's cltur , do research bou ui Thai 's mehds .
A this wl help you to mprove .
Enjoy
You kn u lke a sport wh yu njoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , hat 's wh I ecommend do , njoy and be happy practicing becae Muay Thai is a beautiful ort !
I am economcs stuent in National Chung Cen Univerity , which is placed in Taiwan .
I would ike to be a gradae chool stdent of Financial Acounting in The University of Texas at Astin .
T reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a g interest in Accounting tha economics wn I tudie in the firs year of university .
Another eson for being a grauate shool student an learn more practical knwldge which can be appli in futue 's crer .
So If I can join your scol , I il cherish hs opportunity and wo hd in school .
Whn I was child , my mat scor was beter than other ubjct .
In he College Entrance Exam , my ath got the highest sre than hers .
In my university , my accoutig grade was etter tan other .
I thik I have a talent in numbrs , and I cn memorize the nubes extremely wl .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study acouning .
lo I hve soe jobs experence at is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was an asitant of my financial ccouting 's professor .
My job as to find h ompany 's finacal statement that is corresponding to the news rort .
This work needs lo of paince and time to finih it .
Another jo was a par - ie job in Lefoo Vllage .
My ork ees to cls the accounts every ay , so my carefuness mut be iprove during the te , becus the money d n't belong to me .
I think patience n carefulness e two ivoal peroal traits to ajo in financial ccouting .
I believe my ob expriencs can hlp me to be a bette aduate school student of financial acconting .
Thi is a ervos an excited deisin to me u I wo n't regret it an I am ready to join the feld of the Accountng and to be a gradua schoo student .
o wo n't regre to choose me to oin ou chol !
Mi was one of e est awardees in the class .
He 's be doing great in both academi a extr cuicular ctivities in the shol .
He is one of t player of basketball since he s an elementary stuent uil now he 's on college .
As the tournament began he 's ben gettg a hh oints for his ta because of hat nice cotribution they ha w e ge .
It had bee a very extensive nd tiring day to all of the u Mk et he ha chievd something relly go beause frtunatel he w won as the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a tudent hower he 's ben known as o of th popua students because he work voluntarily as a couch to the younger id in his own .
He wts other kids to be inspired alo in everythin thy are capable of oin .
So in their gnration te hae something god ha hy contribute in th society at heir vry yong a .
For him , it 's bsolutel right to begin doi somethig meaningful in their lives .
It mght be a imle way but erhps the sciety wod be proud on ht r tey dig .
As we all kow , oth is th hop of ou society nd thy have proven that .
the misake is somehing you ma do unntentioally hoever , people belee tat miakes a later be impoed or ignored whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes at could reak mebody 's heart .
Michael w a teenager therefore s nt mature as a an ult thus his decision ere all mtional .
it a Christmas eve and a ew girl cam to th college .
Wh was not nl ir b very attractive girl .
As oo as h entered the college gate everydy was mitten by e .
Mihal hd a very good nd an old friend who had be with h in i goods and orse .
Ad hy boh had a great understanding howeer , this innocent rl ad grabbed he attention of all th viewers similarly , h two .
Te gl liked ichal 's riend Hery .
ichel uld not iges this fc since he oud not comprose on anything .
Micael thout of a diy ge he clle , Henry at a birthday pary and ook h on h terrae n pshe hm on .
Heny kept on shouting to stop and not to beta h odst of t friend . "
do not do such a thing tht would ake you regret atr"Henry said .
Henry fell wn and hs ead as injrd Michael lef him to ble profsey and ler a pedestrian saw hi body tie to look at h pulse rate u encounted that he w dead .
Later the gil discoeed tht Michael ws all behind the incident .
After the inquiry Michael was put behind t bars and the gi wen away .
d Mihae just a the regret al the w later
Hae you ever thought abou ha our fe would be in te next 50 yars ?
If yu are qute youn , you a epct to be alive in 2064 .
If yu ae l nough , u a see how far the technology has gone in the last 20 years .
It 's quite ausing to try figuring u what the life in t future old be .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a soce of energy .
Prvied at enewabe souces wll be developed ough , we could ie without polltin .
Seonly , we ca expect to live in a hi - tech house , wit smart furnitue .
nd there could als be roos , h nt ?
They cul ook o us , dri ou cars , wa our dihes , tak care of ou hildren and so on .
Medicine should hav w a lt of diseases ad mye it cul be ready to ovrcoe aging .
On he n hand we coud live in a mre relaxed wa , on the other hand we olud think bout ettlng on other pnets .
Would you lie to ive on h Moon ?
C ou imagine a holiday on ars ?
inally , ou can think it will be a green , peaceful enjoable world .
e members of my family are my bs fiend .
Why do I thik so ?
I 'll try to explan .
Tee is no secret , that everybody neds at least ne person to sre his roubls or hapiness ith .
As a rle , a rend or pschologist pla this role .
We mut pay to receive the psycholoist 's attention , b friendship is free of charge .
Every ay fr we are loing fo friends .
It 's a y to eal with external world .
But what if noody ants to tak to y ?
What if u 're alon and no ne an understan you ( and you have no money an insurance to vsit psyhologis ) ?
You return home .
There you can re your sick heart .
You parnts always maintain and eend o , they ar appy ju to se ou - eir child , the esul of their love .
The treat yo for who you ar a kow ll your faults , bu still ve y .
My parets are my est friends because I ca rus them , lo tem a look forward our meeting .
Thank ou parents if they are aiv and tink if you would become a good friend to your future chi .
TE UCKIES A IN CÁERE
The luciest mn that you n know in Cácee is called Sergio .
He is sil in h twentie and he has stuied computer engineering .
Unl now al is normal in his li .
Hover , when Sergio fished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in United State .
He had everything that ay person would want to he : iv aboad , ea mch mey , hae a parner , work in an international business , an so on .
Despite this , on day Srgio realised that what he as dong was not his true dre .
He did o an to earn much money , what he truly wand was to earn nugh money to trvl aroun t rld , and no a o which doe nt all to do hs hobbi , althoug it give him a lot of money .
The Sergio lef Mycrosoft , creae is w wesite hich gav hi enough money and travelled wherever he at .
Nw he is a famous person on internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
From : Ra
To : Alex
Subect :
Sorry that I haven't writen bfor but my mothr ad been uing the comuter ll the time for work and I ha to wait unti she fiishe r wo .
First , I hnk tat 's a fnastic idea go to the new actiity centre . We 'll enjy a lot a eet new laces .
Sounds perfet r me !
As you sed me , I aher sailing on he river than climblng a all becaue I want to cnnct with ntur .
If we hve extra time we cn do th other activity whether ou want .
At iht , we can say at home , as you said , nd also we cn buy hocolates an see a ovie , at 's geat fo me !
But ou cn ll me ter opion hn to go to your hom .
Finall , I 'm afrad my prents ca n't te me to your hm on Fidy evening , because it 's my gandfathe 's birthday .
The population grows , with more busins skysapers , residenti hses d advanced transportations , at the ct of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
Though t modern ities merging repaidl , h prolems caused by excessively expliting he envirent e serly various .
It is lea that habitats for all kinds of wildle a nishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
The d coral eef off coast in Astrialia , fo instance , sre as shelter for algea a other s tiny fishes and ind of enviromen fragilty .
u to te massve construction of five - sa hotels on beces , h biological chain thre are cut f nd enviromental variatons are gne ay .
On top of that , It is h regulation capacities of enviormn tat fo temperature , moisture a even the sandstom are roe as less plants engage inhe carbon dioxde ad xale oxygen the whole syte .
ht 's moe , etreme weahe appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic food in nortern cities in Chna nd ng - lastng rough in oth Amrican .
For the ppulation density is ve - increasing crently , te los trigeed by tes disasters re damgng an uaffordble f ny single fmiy .
In a respne to address the ide affect ha the civilization ing about , governments mus take masures stey by tep to takle them .
Firstly , govening athoritis sould set up protect re for animals and plnts , inhibitating hunting or even leisure ativities like hikin .
Aar fom the natural aas , h inimua reas f forests an wetland hv to be ensured .
Secony , goernmen must fun environmental organiztion , in ore to manipulate and coordite more powe to stop the illegl huntng , deforesting and animal xtincions .
Furthermore , e government should go out of thei ways stand united in a wy whc int endeavours cou be effective gloally .
In conclusn , governmt are supposed to balance the oderization an sustaiable development .
Hel Paula
I want to tell you abou the cncert in my school , it wa realy oo .
We prepre it f a long time , but I a wonderful experence .
I learned to decorate the stage n sw costumes .
My friend Make showed me how bt to ay he role of snow Whit , it wa ey funy .
We ha hard days aso , we arued , t thn quickly put up .
During the concert ne boy fogt t tt and bega to improvise .
l the audience ben to laug .
e concert w er god .
T couse is oing to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
Th choice was n't easy becase t acher is vegetaria .
At last we decid to go to a restaurant near te school .
The owns co ll tpes of cuisin an we can go the after the lesson .
h atmosphere is kind nd failia .
T prices e no expesiv nd foods e vy good .
There are not many tables , but we are only seven peple and this is n't a proble .
There is also a rden otdoor where we can spend a leasant ime together afte lunch .
We will go there next Moda .
I have boed a table for eight peole because u bss will come too .
We will e a legume su as sta , a boile fsh with gre salad as main coure and a dessert at the en .
I av jut ied te price per eron .
We re going to pay 15 euros pr persn .
I think it ill be a wnderful wy to finish ou English oure wee we ve suely mprovd in riting , speaking a itening .
Thereore I wnt to say a special tanksiving to u teher .
In my area , ong popl have a t of optns .
I see most of them lik to stay at he arden downtw during the afternoon when he wther is good .
If the weather is n't good enough they n find a lot of cafes opened from mornig unti late night nd hr , if hy are ol enough th cn als order alcholics .
Tere e many knds of cafes , th ones for thos who like srts , art , lierature or music .
At te " Soft Nos " y can ear mic lyed ve every Friday n Sunday evening .
A l of kis lk to join e park nex to th church : it 's not relate to eligion , here every cld is re to oe and ly .
In his lce thee are guys d grls attendig pedagy organize activities to enratan children of every ge .
The st rated restaurant is " Mrio 's Pzza " , whre you can eat delicious pzz with h tp ou prefer .
While waiting fr it , yu ca lay with video games placed in he aement .
Nwadays the tp of transport that ou use is a concerning matter of discussion .
ubic trnspot nclue buses , trains , ad subway , however cars , bicyles , taxis are not forgotten .
In the ment of choosing , vry diffrent apets li eolgical effects , t ecnoic iabilty and even time use , te part on the decisio .
Firstly , the c opon is th best oe in comfort , beause u do t depend on a specific tim to travel and odern crs hav th best technology in quiment d facilities .
Thn pubc transport is not as comfortable as the prvious n , becuse luckily o ca id a ace to sit and foget it if it is in he uh hu .
By h other hand , traffic is the biggest troule talking abo transport , rs acilities e replaced by the nd of punctuality and , dependn on th ct , the dlays are a conening poi when we talk about travelling by us or trais .
However , he economic asect is vey important to conser when we alk aout onvenienc , cars e he most expensive ones .
No only bcase of h oil'ices , b al the css of enssurance , e car , the parking taxes , etc .
In comparisson with a bus ticket tha costs four peo a you r sur ta sooer or ater it will come .
To um - up , ether car nor public transport is conidered he pefect option , but coniering long term consequences as is nowadays common in se European countres , bicycles r t best wy .
Riding a bicycle redces traffic , sts , eclogical impact , and ev car crushes .
So , wat are o aitig to buy a bcycl and u a helmet on ?
Dear Jn ,
it 's so kid of ou to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hello to Anne on my behlf and tell r I ca n't it to hae you both here in Rome !
Well , to start with , I 'd le to ttend an intensive Englih cose ; you knw I 'm fond of foreign languages a en on leaning English as muh as I can .
I 'd fancy living in a family and n in a college or in a shared lat as it will give me e opportunity to be continuously in touc with English people , day and ngt ; te , it is he ideal solution for me : you nw I 've be recently given the sa !
ha about lokig for cllges hch offer Wi - fi Internt conncion a a ropr meal at lunch ?
I 'm a geey gs !
Lokin forward to receiving your e leter , and on tentrhooks r h iformaton y 'll provide .
Mchael
Fshon , clohes syle , trndy appearance , mak - up roperly , t he ...
Many people think that th first impression we ie and our appearce are ver important in o lfe ; bu , it should be lk ti ?
It is ceainly ru tha people a very riti wth the apperance .
We have sbjetive opinions ; we normally judge becaus we hae a preconcepion idea .
We match cloth stile with a lifetle an a personaliy .
That is why appearance shuld t have conequences in r lives .
ot people ould gre hat fshio is something that takes part in o d to day .
Normally , people cooe clths that famous wear or appear in h magazines .
owevr , thre a people who do t foll that , d hey dres e most comfortable clohes o hm or h ste they ike most .
I thn tat tre are many differnt occsons , a eac o euires a different type of clothes .
For exampl , in work intrwies n work that ve a dire contact wit e publi it is bett to se a for or smrt style .
d same hpened with parties , festivals , prts and ohr ents .
Overall , my personal pnión is that we give so much importance to he clothes n t appeaanc thn it shuld be .
Although in some occasions sme clothes syls re required , peope should he redom to chooe what clothesd they wa to ar , and it should not have conseqenes in u lif .
The deah of h pulic transporttion
People do not tin bout te enionment , tey only think about the ie that they will spend on he trafi . the scentsts said th new society it a be cled " h fa societ " becue the the people do not want to do ay exercise , people do not walk anymore , pople ut use levators , etc .
a lot of commodities , this is ta easn of wy ere are not fuure o public transportation , popl do not wanna spend few ie waking to te bus satin or tu get a cab , although te sevice in e ubic transportation it is o ve good because of many hings like the inflation of prices , th way ha the b or ca driver refers to the peons , th way of the bus or cab drvrs drives , etc .
In citie like Mexico soe people hae h opportunity to use Uber , ha is a service tat y an use if yo have a credit card , it is an amazing servic , but no l the opuation he ca or the economic staus to use an uber , so eople hv to e public transportaion , no matter if the buss or c iver yll thm or drve bd , in eico te pulic tranportation in specific the as a not a vry secure sevce , becaus me of t drivers still and indnap , in my ituaion thy ca il you if you do not have yur precutios . but despte of hs is very sad that in that lac eople c not do sme thing because hey do not hav the possibiltie to pay fr oething more so they hae to ok .
In cities like United Sate of mrica where peple have e opprtunity to av a car or a privileged social condition so for th American people public transportation it does not matter , tey ae the possibiliy to ta public transportation or not , thy an decide , so hy decided o commodity .
Th future of the pulic tranportation can be death or can be in grot , it deend on ere do o position your point of iew , in Mexio maybe il never die , t in h United Stas h pubc transportation is o in agony .
Anna knew ta it ws going to be a very special d f e .
he woke up and at oc she felt sething makes her hapy .
S went to the kitchen ad saw a beautifully preped breakfast .
Se wondered who could make such a plasant surpse .
Suddenly , he remembered that r the das he living wh huck - her boyfriend .
Sh ate breakfast , dressed up and go to work .
The day a very sunny and cloudless .
It was the fst day of Spring an verything is going re to life .
lowers s in every clor of rainb , the leaves on he tre oing green .
Wn she cme to ffie , she saw on hr esk a ote with a heart shape .
Anna opne it nd re : " Prbably ths day will be th bst y of your life " .
She smied d thught that is a joke .
Bu moment later h fond a second etter aut the same shape .
She opeed agan nd agan read : " et me at 11 at th fountain in the park " .
Aa looked at her watch n as fat as sh can run to th pk .
It appers tt at the fountain say huk and waiting for e .
he she om closer he knet on ne knee and ai : " Wil you marry me nne ? " .
She wa shoke .
Sh as run out of words and just nod her ea ht it means : " yes " .
They together cm back home and spen es of the day together .
At the d of t day e sai : " u 're right .
It 's the best day of my life " .
aah and Stephan re friends in e sam school a al nihbors .
One day in the ftenoon , they wer on the way home .
ara fousd on hr cellpne , ad Stephan was listening musc odly wt his 3 .
After w minutes , arah wa chating hapily on the cellphone and id n't see tee ws a tre in rnt of he , so h bumped into he ee and ht h he .
Sah yelld ludly for help , t Stephan i n't ntie and hear ht so he ept on walking ad listening to s usi .
Fortunately , thre a a mter with her cil strolling behid tem , nd aw Sarah got hurt .
They tok er to e hospital .
Stephan still listening to h music d crssig he street .
But he id n't aae th he raffic light has turned red so the a could n't go throug .
The man in the car a very annoyed ad pushed the hon eriously , bt Sepha di n't hear that .
Te man gt dwn the car to tell Stephan stop listenin to h music and pay attention with things around hi .
t until that Stepan fnd that arah was lo did he ca Sah .
Ad he kw that Sarh as in the hspitl .
tepha et to the hospitl immedately to e how arah was .
Luckily Sarah s ie due to te woman h was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Stephan was gla that Sarah a lright a also thankf to the man .
After thee incidents , not nl Sra but also Stephan realiz how dngerous it was we you foced on technological products istead of th things around .
Both they are determined to ay more attention to e srroundings .
ok Review :
he unge ams
I jus read t irst ok in a tiloy called e Hunger ames .
It is an action d thiller book wrten by Suznne Collins .
When I started reading I cold t put it down becaus it is a fascinating tory tt grabs y .
T story tkes pla in a country called ane which is locate in ht wa once known as Noth America .
Katniss the protagonist is a eeage girl 16 whch is forced to poach to feed h family sin his ater died
An increasing nmber of eople begin to disus or he ucess in school or work , the haig an biliy to adapt or adjust conditios or ircumstances is more mportant than hvig excellent knowledge or a fiel of tuy .
Many people air their opinions based on ther own value sytm .
The majority of eople tend to claim that hving an xcellen kowledg or the resach field is the st importat f school or wk sucessfully .
However does he caim eally ring ru , conforming the real situatio ?
I find mslf n on e am avelenth ih such an idea .
It is my cntention tt the eole , o have the ability to adapt or adjust coditins or circumstances have higher percentage be successul in schl or wrk .
As far as I concern , thre a a bunch of rasons to support me perspctie .
To begin with , acqiring th knowledge in today 's world is n a dfficult thigs than it w in the ps .
Tht is to say , the investment of he itenet ma it available fo everyone in the wld .
Peole an ealy btin h lted kowledge by owning a computer that cn accss to th network an hae the abiity to readig .
In other word , he way to get the knowldge is equal to verone in the world .
That is why it is not to be the key point tt considerd the ey to success .
In addition , the education has already aross the wealth g .
To exlain , ter are a ted that ma univerities al over te wld setting up the freely ourses r the people who thirsty for nowledge , also ftn inite te famos scholar to gve a speech to the pulic that is welcome o eveyone .
People in modern socety hae a ot of resourcs to fuher esarch the fild of study tat thy are intreting in .
hu , evryone might be an exert .
Excellent erformnce in the fel of study has not ben determined of factors r your success .
A case in point wld be h laet news bradcased recenly .
Acording to the inestigaton conducted by the 104 human resourc bank , the percentage of peole sing he knowledge in the wok fie that they rm school hs srprising redce in the las o decades by roughl thirty percent , a figr that has nearly ne half compad to that of half - centu .
Say it simply , t things tht schoo tac us wre no longer be used in the rl rld .
This phenomenon had been curiously ma experts .
Does he knowledge fo school av ay different in the wok fied ?
However , after deeper analysis , we und tat th very underlyn contributig factor lies in h fast pce changing world d th tet bo an not catch up with it , knowledge is chaning from ti to tie .
enc , this rsarch remained us tat e ability to dap or adjut to changing conditions or circumstances is the major ctor to sucss stead of aving excelen knowledg or a fiel of study .
In sum , hee may be some pople who m disagree with my osition on this mtter .
They a sa hat havin exellent knowledge or a field of study is the a to success in scool or work .
Howee , I think the reasons I he provided in fvr of my iew point re sronger .
In hi ssay , I wil iscss whther older or younger parents r etter .
Nowadas , te statistics sow hat many peole ae younger th gnrations befre .
I think there are more ounge prents becaus they do not liv in a religious life wic is far mo sicter .
Previouly , the mot wmen sd to g a baby after th weddig with heir parers , bt today , it is not so impotant anmre .
Evry child wish to hve youn pants , ut is it really better ?
ctually th teenagers ae right because yonger arents ae a stronge relatioshi wi their childre .
Apart from this he small diffrence betwn the ages is alo an advantage .
Although less experience is owned , th cognize what a chd wants to do .
On the other and a disadvatag is tha young prnts a t able to protect their babies ithot aing experience on at .
In my age young parents d I ve in common ta we go out in the evenings .
From my oint of view older parets c ive better advice in very difficult situation .
So te child grows up ro a teenager to a idle - agd dul and can alwy looks up to te parents .
Howve e poress in adolescece is important for h ne stg of life so I believe ot ae good at bng up their childen .
To conclude , yu can not change your parents anyway .
It a ee a very log and tirn day , but Tom felt he hd achieved sometin elly good .
Tom had aith this d ill be better than the other .
He did n't rcover et ro e at scare he had that ay .
He sat on his har an looked to the window .
" ..... " he loked to h hnds .
He was shaking .
He shook his head n looked to th ceilin .
He stared to ke his homewo , but he d trouble concntrating as t memories came back to h mind .
" I an't ... do it " he lammed h ea on he ek .
" I ca n't "
He looked to te bathroom dr an wake to it .
He turned the lights on to se his ce .
The same face as ver .
Wh he looked down the bahroo he saw somting on h for .
It as a note .
" Tom . Tom . Tm . Tm " it said .
That sred him .
It old n't be him aai ...
He tune the note to see something
" 192 - 2015 "
He felt it again .
e sam feeli he had whe he sa it .
He fell backwards and when he ooked up , he saw it again .
" Tm . ou r mpolit .
You r late to your death date "
Everybody h ot se ids , h to live the own ie .
It is vry mportan to think about possibilities that should create you forne .
her are two things ha most imping my le .
Frst , it is my amly that hlps me to make a gd decsion . I lie wh my huband more than tn ears , so we kow ea other quite well to suppor the thr one .
A g family is a rat as for appy livig togther ude e roof , but secrt e strngly forbidden .
If somebod in my family ask me to help I ned to now th hole true without ay poteial is .
That is why I lar my chldrn to play fa .
On the other hn ere is oe other mos important tng in my life- health .
I am ore han hapy ha I am healthy d my family member are healthy as wll , bause ealh is th rarest thing in the ord .
Thre is nly one ing in the world tt o c not u n it is a health .
It is well knw ru through the wle men ht heath is fr to the rich a pr equally .
In concluion I have to think abu ne thin , ich is oe imortant in my lie that e oter e .
I will always hoose h health , because hn a persn is helthy he or she can do evrythin .
There r som solutions to pevet te ris in t conumption of sugar seetened dinks .
The first solution is change portion size of soft drinks , which means smaer size of berages coul ontan lss sugar .
Natioal Nutrition Survey(99 ) poits out tt e most consumtio of beverages for a tenager er ay is sug sweeteed of drinks .
hereore , changing portion size of soft drinks wuld be efficient to redue sugar intake fo tenager eah ti .
h imiation of this solution is e public my o satisfied it his size of soft drin .
To vercom it , h producer of sot drins could take a investment to teenagers what size is suiable bfore caning it .
his would help he teeagers who drink soft beverage decrease sugar intake efficiently .
Anothe solution to hs problem would be eucation .
Fami education ould be inroduced to thr kids .
Natioal Nutrition urvy(195 ) reports that teenager e main oft drinks consumers a h ot consuption of beverage is sugr weeened drink .
Parents ' words is key to restric their kd ' acions .
If parets eucte tir children to kee awa fm sof drinks or cuivate the awaness of drinking waer .
hey would not cnsue uh amount of beverages .
However , children my g st drinks outside e family .
That requires parents uiling a modl to sow postive effec without soft drinks .
Therefore , hei ki wou follo prens ' habits nd behaviors .
In conclusion , increasg h cosumpion of oft drinks is n of issues to prevent from obsit an overweight .
A number of strategies cld be eficien to address these prlems .
Teenagers are an trget who drik too many soft drinks .
So that parents ducaion and chagig porton sze could be useul to addrs te problems which hpens around teenagers .
If we take tes measues whin a shrt period nd kee it for a ong tm , obesty and overweight poblem would not hape in o nex generions .
We can say tha e Coye 's ie is wl develoed thaks to two featur tat pass through the chapt and likely e etir ook : firt of l , any signicant rferences and speciaized pepl r mentioned to dfne what " deep practice " is ( a psyhologis , soe exert in their own ield , authors who already analyzed that particuar topic … ) ; sconly , ut no less important , Coyle himself collected th most of his information whle visiting at lat nine plae , nne " hteds " ( 12 ) where talts gow , as a sort of collection of aa gathered om laboratory experimnt .
As a onsequence , theory and example poced togther in a such natural wa , that the reader must exclaim ndoubtedly , as if e / he were efoe a Sherlock Hoes ' invetgation : « That 's it !
It ha to be ht w !
Coyle 's ight ! »
In my ays riendshp w easily made with nighbours , schoolmates ad ocial clubs friends .
lthogh we id t ha th curent scia communction means such as aebook , Twitter , Whtsapp , we wer very sincere ad close to each other re thn these virtual frienships prevailing today .
I alreay exprienced ne friendship trouh an oranizaton , International Yout Servie S , a benficiary association establshe or yuth frndship .
In whch we have to ai more than thirty dy to sd a rceive one message th intechanges these days ith one button pre .
I have a prsnal experiment backs to 1987 , in this yer I had sartd a pen friendship wi a German gil called Clauia who w 17 years old then .
The surprise is toda I am 44 years old and lauda is 40 ear old and we still crrespod to each othr through h moder ans of Facebook d Whatsapp , of couse , we no longer can ait for thirty day wil we can hat ad e ah othe ie .
In my coutry I av tw inere friends sine we were about 7 year old and we sill in a trog friendship up till now .
It is not necessay to agree th ec other in everything where we always debate and hallenge whose oinon is correct .
Meawhile , we suppot ah ote in crises , regular li robles a sickness .
Rea friendships evrlasted like what I am actually made ih my best t friends , should be funded on rut and fah .
Te es of all in rel frieship is to alwas believe in your frind 's abilties ad be his real mirror fr good nd a acions , he will be h sa to yo .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my ate 20s I 've oud it hard to nd a sports tivity that would neither be so cometitive as thse in fshio in my country r demanding , so I could do it in my fr ti .
One fine sumr da I was walkng along the streets of a coastal cy hen all of a suden I ae acros a shop ht caught my ee .
In n of the windows I found a skateboard n along cme te memories of he year 2000 n MTV channel that I was brougt up in .
I thugh to myself that could be a challenge d , with no second thouhs , I puhased he board .
It was since that dy ht I try to skate as muc as pssble and I le every b of it .
It is funny hw uh a simple activity c bring so much o into a person 's mind duin te wel - deseved breaks .
I suggest playing ae and big patnt .
No uture for public transport ?
Ca se of our ow a instead of a public trnsort save you money , ie and effort ?
e mot eope pefer a car rather than a public transport .
However he last studies shws a ar is nt always more efficient .
The ight choice of means of tranport makes a bi impt on your time d resoures .
In deciding whehr to cooe car or publc transport we nee to cnsider many factors , such as lengt of jurey , time of the day we travl , ra we travel tough , nmer of us , ather etc .
As there ar cases where r is much more efficient tn ubic transpt n other wy round .
The recent studies found , that tavellig from a suburb to e city centr is much more efficient by combining a bie it a trn .
It sve plnty of time by avoiding traffic jms and there is no need for erching fo a aring spc .
In dition taveling by trai sav a great dal of mone as her is no parig fee .
Moreover here re discouts for regular journeys .
On the other an , the sudie owed , in my othr cass ad especially in irreular trips there is more convenient to u a car .
A car is unbeaable r it flexibility .
It is much more easy to use a ar when goi soping , or making a leiue or an ocasional trips .
Athouh , there are some isadvantages of usig a ar ch as traffic js and a ih maintnance cost .
All in al , in most ass sing your on car a sae you moey , me and effort .
Popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of that , tdies said there are cae in wich pubi transport is unbeatale .
Therefore it hs a afe plae in o society .
The use of public tanspot as bcome an mportant issue nowadays .
There e ths wo ty to aoid the us of public transport and prefer riving ther w car due to the dvanages it offers .
Hwever here ar hose who reject this n a in favour of he use of publ trasort .
I am oig to explain y I think there is not future for e pubic transport .
A geat amon of people think ta driving you n a s more benefit than using public transport .
Firstly , it allow you to go directly somehere withut finding ut the nformation but th imtables of public tanspot such as ues or rins .
In addtio , sometimes ou have to combine bot of them in order to arriv on im to your work ace .
Anothr benfi of n using ublic trnport is h time you can save .
Fo nstance , if yu have to go anothe ity by bus or tin to yu workplace , t time you ste sine you set ff inreases .
Sain ti in the mornings allows yo to sleep me or to spen mre tme with yor fail .
Moeoer , the e of your ow car has more advatage . raveling by cr avoids getting we wn the weather is rany .
If you trveled by b or train , probly you wuld spe moe me walking along the stres to your fin destination .
spite the bad wather , if you travelled by ar , o could park your car ar your desintion , so that ou culd arre comfortably .
oweer , ther is some people wo prefer the ue of public transport in spite of using the car .
The govrnment usally advis t populton to use plic transpo to c dwn pollution and t amount of gas hch dage th atsphere .
In addition , it is ofte claie tt is eaper than travelling by car .
Althou it hs some benefits , in ms part of t country , eseially in h smalet tons h publc transport is not enough deveope .
To sm up , I believe tht he public transport has no future bcause it mks yo to wae a o of time , it is not enough develpd in sall eas an tee is o enough requecy of trains and buses .
In my opiio it could be useful hadl ever times , so it woul be eessary a great mout of improvemnt .
.H. awrence 's saig " body ought to own houss or furniture - ny more tn they ow the toes of the high od " is an ambiguous syin tat questions the ee of h pope regarding a hg umer of prpertie .
First of l , to a certain dege , I coml wh the ide of controlling te maximum numbr of propertie one holds in i rap , becaus this deies the possibility of exhausting the spaces tat can hol another family .
his speak of e idea of the government or anoter organization aing e cotol ove hoes and their furniture nd maki the eple liin thre only t oner of their o goods .
Ts is an inerestin conpt becue it ca give th govenmnt th moe it needs to slve its oter problems d ds n't necssaily beak any le of personal space .
Second of l , as I d y " to a certain degree " , t id of controlling one 's own hoces regrdig house picking ad what they c do with them takes aw a it of the freedom , which is the complete opposite of wat we hould t to .
Mankd has always strived for freedom in ne y or anoter , d taing aw the contrl of their ow houe , their sanctuary , wil nt be tak lghtly by th .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or nt te control of the eople 's houses d furniture il bring y help in today 's society , as we are ony hypothetcally speaking , without y form of testing , hoever it oe ha its strong nd ea oints .
Dar Mr ... ,
First , I want to present mysf my me is Daniela and I 'm 16 years od .
My nglish is improable b by speking I hpe that I 'll do it well .
I hik that I 'm good f ths o , becase I real sociallize with childre .
I ik oransing activites d games to make pele ejoy their ie .
I 'm a ceeful erso so I wuld attempt to gv my best r receiving th attention of the children .
Also I 'm vry responsile and hardwoking so I wold tke care of the children a I would do my tak the bst I could .
Eventually , I want to say that th is an imprtan opotunity for me to ear nd to do new hing .
It 's a wonderfl adventure .
Sincerely ,
aniel Conti
In ti atice I am going to write abu my favourte sport otball .
I love footbll eause it 's a team sport .
u fe that you are a prt of te team and veryone is together .
It 's also a realy n sport to pay .
It 's really n when we e playing different cups , Gothia for exampl .
It is wols biges youth cup and re located in Gothenbr in wede .
Another cup that is Sweens seond bgget c ad e called " Piteå ummer Games " nd it is sortn to " P " .
Bot cups are really n to pa , and it 's extemel u to go far in te cups .
My advice o people tat is gin to tart football is that yo just ha to do yur st .
And t to be a pat of t tm , he it 's mo n .
And hn a football training oes bad , you do n't have to complain so much abut it .
Just keep goi nd ty to do it again .
Of ours y a be angry but it 's ot a b deal .
veryne does wrong sometimes , en t es plaers in t wod .
And at last , it is really fun to ly .
wel , th pat of the d tht I ejy te ost is nigth beaue it 's when I arrive at om a I have inih my whole rutne so I can tae a eak and I can do whaever I wn nd I can just relax so I would sa that ngth is th ms relaxing pa of my day so it is th one I prer the most
Ithn ther e thin ou ned to pn bcaus it 's important r your life but it eens on the sitution because I also ike to let thing be al et them happend because they hve to happend so h majority of ti I refer not to hik about it and just let them happend and n to pan anything but if it 's something related with my future or someein ht wi be really fec me I will prefer to lae it ik what kind of job I wt to do or aut my dregree or things like that
Sport cente
The sports etre in Ondara av visirs of several vilge nd from al age rups .
This cetre offr sveral activities ke swmnpol , paddle , tenni , ritia g , judo , ballet ...
urthermore , has arous coace an with a perfect imetabl for h parents ha are by h daytime nd for young th need to go classs ter lessons .
Thi installation is near the field football an basketball court .
In my poin of view it is a ood sitation because the cildre can do different aer school activities withu moving o muc .
Moreoer , or the parents is easier .
I want to emphasize at thanks to i full schedule an amnt of the coaches , auls like children can do different aivities at t sam tim intead to have to wit .
On h ohr hand , the oly disadvantage I n see is there are n't activities fo th old people .
This centre should provide civities ta do ot require much pysical effort for th kind of peole lk petanque or omthing like that .
Finally to a at is a perfet sorts centre n inexpensive inludin a range of activitis .
A friendship tt nds , never started
Yo new him for years or will meet him in a ear .
Friends ar important and mae you life hapier .
When you re in a hpless situaton the hv e rig counsel .
I knw my bet friends snce my childod .
Thomas , David an I wr nighbours d grew up in an ordinar calm village .
We spen a huge peiod of time together .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling o .
David is in a boarng scho in Bern nd coclue nxt summer .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
He is one of e st persevering peop I know .
David looks bored at te first omet b in fact he is wetty .
Hi boy is lae an hik like an elephant .
David is always redy for a oe u amazinly that he has the ability to aper seriousy .
Thomas is a caer person an has the corol about the circumtances .
We we meet us and the w friends were walki sie by side they lo like Laurel n Hardly .
I fe really gl to hve riens ho av time if I have of something .
I really do n't ik to trave by train or by bot .
My faourit way to tvel is by plane .
It 's t fsest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destinatin .
Especally I like to a first class st in a plan .
It real feels like yo are i a five star Hotel in a lxury suite and not traellig 000 meters abov e gound .
If yo nd sun d war weather , yo only nee to sit in a pne , enjoy or flight and ta a ase from our business and from wor .
I do n't le to ravel by oat , becas it 's uncnforable and it takes a forun tl y arie at your destination .
To trae by train is o an ptin for me .
It ften happs tht someone jmp in frot of it n you feel t vbratio when he train breaks the bons of t dead peson .
I wou lie to alk about a diamnd ewellery set at I gifte to my wife on our last marriage anniversary .
Ths is a st having on diamond necklace , oe diamond pendant with a unique shae , one pair of earings having diamons and one ring for hr in finger .
e eal use in his e is 18k hite gold .
Th oo to communicate wt foreigners .
Nowadys it is moe common tht pope send time to lar anohe language .
There miht be ay reasos , for school , usinss , or us r priate interest .
In my personal experience I can ay that if o arn a forig language like English , you wo n't he a problem whn I 'll go abroad on hoiday .
On the ohe an , when y learn anohr language there 's not ony benefi b also drawbacks .
You might snd time d mon to ern a lagage .
I want to learn Englsh , and I go to e college wice a wek .
However , I mu pay h fee ad every vening it 's my comiment study soethig or do my homewok .
I sugest aving all youngsters , who wn to larn nther language , he ought to go abroad .
I 've live in the United ingdom fo more tha one year and I 'm learning better than en I ws in my country .
e yong people hould do an experinc ik this .
Hi Jo !
o are yo ?
I 'm ery ppy to hear aot your news !
If yo wol ie to spend some time trvelling my country Span is a anastic lace , becuse e weath is god mos of he year .
There are beautiful cities to visit like Madrid , Barcona , Satiago , Valenca n all he cities of Andaluca , h south of Spa .
In Andaluia the eole e cheerful and elcoming with tourists .
I , m from Córdoba so i tell you abou the most famous ghts in my city .
Cordoa is a trhee hours train ide soth of Madrid , and draws isitor from all over th rld
Córdoba is not as big as adrd orSvilla but i lve it .
he min attaction in Córdoba is he Mosque , it is a building wher r ixed arabic n cathoic elements .
It is the ly Mosque in he world tha is not oriented to the Meca .
u of the Mosq you cn see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman rige , it is a wonderful cance to hae a relaxing rom .
or a job i recomended u avel to te coast in Cadiz , Maga or ueva and look f a j in the beach because at the sime ime you are in the beach ou could obtain money .
el , i 's tim to go .
Write soon !
Lot of ove ,
Lucía
Peter looked at hi watch and knew tha he a to do something immediatey .
The omb ws gng to bo up in a few mintes .
The train a unning still to fast to up of an on it 'll be arrived in Min central saton .
l in all , he would n't be able to stop the devi .
Only a w log ecnds spent inking about what he had to do : he a to se the pssenger .
He deserately run trouh the ran towards the driver .
He trd to push t do that d to e head of t enine , bu it was locked ro the isde .
A cold chill un long his nc .
He was scared .
He wanted to cry .
Desperaly he startd to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faste .
T door open .
hen he sw t comander was lyng dead in his chair .
He was ho in his head .
ortunatey , a vie from the radi ws trying to contact e man .
In a hurry he dashed to the microphne and answered the contol station .
" Whe ar te brakes ? "
N in the distane he could see e first skylins of th iy .
The train was finally stopped .
That day he cm a hr .
He saed 220 pople an among tm he knew the grl that 5 yea ltr becm his ife .
I used to play basketba r hree years n it w a rea experiene and I had a lot of n .
I enoye playing basetball ot only beause I wantd to play a sport ut even because it 's a healthy way of eavin .
If yu re playig a sor y imprv ou abilities went ur working in a ea in which all the plays have the ame aim ro the game : winning the match .
The advie that I would give te peole tha would like to sta payng this por is that they should have a bit of experience in wrking in a team that is ll of w pele .
T most important tig hat ya erson shoul know bout is game is that a lot of itelligence is rqueste because y must know how to ach h to get earer to make their aim become reality , nd tat one is that h team should sore as much as they can to i the match an hve f .
In my opinion this spor will alwy be my favourie cause it made me feel happy ad have a great time ith my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
Dear Sir X ,
I am writing to you in resose to your advetiseent which I saw in he notice board of your schol .
I am applyi to ts positio because I wold like to work as organizer .
I think it will enrich my CV .
In my oinio I am e efect cndidte or ths vacancy .
Frst I hv achieved a good level of glish becase I hae lived in h UK from ul 201 .
I like maaing the conersaion in a roup .
I will pemt to eveybody to explin h point of view .
ls I ik watching vry kind of lm .
If you need refernce about me you can contact M Georgi , my English techer .
I close my CV , whch ive fll detail about my xperience , ability and skills .
I am looking orward to heaig from you .
Yurs sincerely
I strongly believe tha research s a valuable benefits to society and he eviroment .
Fr example , making the ie beter an comorable .
Bchelor 's paper [ 1 ] is o of the good soures of describin what does reerch man .
He mentione about an mportnt point r doing a good esearch .
irst of l , researchers huld be itrested in wh th are dong .
Interestng in e aea of research leads to invent an optimze idas tt are already existing .
Second , citcal thinking which is the deep thinking about the oblem n e wy to solve it , is an importan acto of uccessfu research .
lso , honesty , originality wich is the abiity to think crticall , independnt an creative , nd precision let research to be mre valuable .
Moover , working as a eam o researching , t eearchers ain lots of reearh benefits .
Such as , ideas and lrning ore the best methds to analyze data .
All members of th tam il e enefts an push each other to achieve e goal by giving soe advice nd more information .
In addition , Clar , easy to understnd , d precise sientific paper are ne way to rpresent , sare , and iscuss t idea and results wh oers in a scientific environment .
Also , Seinars are othe go souces to om up and listen to a new idea .
Exchange information with ther researches , v scientific paprs or semias , sometimes com up with solutions or otr researches ' probems .
Rseachers should o ve up when ae ha probl ih the resear and keep try by different ways to solve it n th ill do it at the end .
To cncude , hre r sme of an important resrch principles .
Wnever researches conside most or all of them when workin on the research , researhers ll get results wh a high ecision .
esearhers enjoy their research as an enjoabe ativiy .
hre are two choices to trav : by own car an by pubic ranspot .
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by ar or those reasons .
Firs , I ca trvl by my own car whenever and whrver I an .
Fo example , if I travel to my company by b , I must be on time and follow th bus shdule .
Sometimes , bus sceule es no sitable fr me .
Maybe , bu coes to early or too le r me to go to work .
Traveling by car , I an hooe he im .
Moreoer , I can choose my w out to go to ork .
I cn stop at my farite coffe ho to buy drinks or breakst .
Second , I feel comfortable when I tral by my ow car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometms to crwed ad noy .
In rush hours , I do not have a sat a I stand al te ie for a hf hor .
In my own car , I can relax with msc ad enoy fresh air .
Furthermore , I do not worry about h thef or any crim which us to happen when I traele by rain .
Generally , although traveling by pblic transport is cheper than by a .
However , I find traveli by my own car much ore vantages than others .
Therefore , I tink public tnsport wl be disappeared in the futre .
De Paul ,
As I tol ou fore , last mnt I a lping at a concert of e greatest an in h world - Atmasfer .
I was so happy when I hrd hat they are coming to atowice !
Immiately I contacted their maage , askn If ey cud do with ome hep .
Sh sad tht they wil need somene who cn take re of their performae outfits .
Th was suc a goo dea !
Not only I s close to them , I was also din somehing I 'm eally good at !
D befo the cncert , I met band members , and we stated try on clohes fo the next y .
We ad so much un !
hey tured out to be uc a wonderful popl , they trated me like an ld friend , maing jos all the me an even nvitd me to eat dinner wh them .
On th day of the concert , I me band two hours before art , I ironed l clths , I ee do gil hairstyle .
When t concert al s full , ba came on th stg .
In t ealights , hey a loked so eautifu !
I fel lke that wa partly my doing .
I s part of e team .
Tat ws what I particularly liked about ha experience !
I w dancing and snging all shw , an after mnager came to me a asked if I wold like to work it hem ull tim .
I will have to sleep on it .
hat do you think I should do ?
And how ws your weekend ? Hope to see you on !
With love ,
Mria
Thr is no futue fr ublic ranspor ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine r world without ulic transport .
I regularly take tras to go somewee .
So do oter eople in my country , especaly old people who have o got tei on cars .
I catch uss regularly and see a lo of eple thr .
You n imagine how gre is de to leave yur ow car and take a us to go to work or go shopping .
Another go dea is to use bicycs .
I 'm gla tat every ya we have such a wonderful day aled " A day withut car " or something ike tat when people try to use public transport rather that ther own car .
We cn he our environment to be healthier !
ea Jane ,
Tnks r or letter - it was great to her rom ou .
I a bsoutely thrilled to read tat y 've go a job as to guide in the Congo rainforest !
Well done !
I 'm rry it ha ken me so lo to write , but I have been wrking my ingers to h be prepring for my exams , fo which I 'm anoyngly nervous .
Speaking of nervouness , I think I 've foud a soluto or you to shake f your erve about uig the nglis tenses corctly .
You wre that this somtimes made you stutter during tours , which mad you eel rter uncertan .
However , there 's no nd to worry any longer , if y have a look at www.elihinkel.o/tips/eses.h .
At ths website , you cn find a ear , detailed explanation of e tenses , wih illminating animations .
I got to eve ff n , I 'm afai .
opefuly you 're able to visit the ite .
I 'm sre hat if u sped sm me studyin the information you can id ther , ou 'll hae astred the tenses the nx ime we see ch her .
Kp me postd on your experiences in the jungle !
Love ,
Suzanne
Recntly works oogle , a mli - million ollar comany , who is not only famos for search engines on self - driving cars .
Eterin your car and givin e rections ad thn having a stre - free div owards your desiation and let a computer take control of your ride is o a distnt dream aymre .
ut ar diverless cars as sf as old fashion cas ?
It is surely a fact that autoilots in cr 's sure r handy .
It tak hos driving to d from , hor whe e ut hae to oncentrte on driving , hours ge futile .
Althou it must be admtted that driveres vehicles re expectd to ep children , t blind , the edely nd othr who currnty c not sfely drive themseves .
On the othe hnd it wil ead to more drivng , because martr rving rducs the cst er mile of vehicle uage .
The n result of additional driving cold be mor traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
To u the whol matter in a nuthll t sel - driving ssem is good to prevet accidents .
However you suld stil be able to dve by yourself y can not only rely on hat syste it is still ot fre frm errs .
e Colosseum is a beatifu strutue in te heart of Rome , tal .
More tn two thousand year od , it is stll standing .
Even hough it is in rns , visitos from all over the wrl com to e it .
It s an imense aphitheater .
Thusads of eple fought as gladiators .
Tda , Not many ampitheaters are standing .
It is in the spe of oval but most of it is broken .
The italian name , Colosseo is qite close to english .
Visitors can enter it and admire t inside .
The Coloseu is a quite tall strcture .
It is the ost popuar amphithater in the hole world .
Cm and visit the Colosseum d discovr it 's beaty !
Der i / Maa ,
I am writing to yo in order to cnddate fo a posito of pron , who orgaise a Film Club in our language scool .
Ls year I passd the F ea wt a grade A , wih is evience fo my excelent English skills .
I reer to send my spar time watching flm , so in this wa bth I improve my Eglish n rea .
During the last yr , I wached a lot of famou and pced flms , so th I am pepared to follow discusion about tm .
I am a communicative erson and I often mee with my friends .
Among my aquaintnces I have a reptatio of ing friendly , positive nd tlkative woman .
In my job , I hve dai wr ith groups of peopl and I ae preentation in frnt of th .
I have od ganizational skills and can explain thing clearly in order people to understand it easil .
I work on a part - time job , so I am free on Mody a Wednesday eenings .
I hink I am uitabe o this job an it would be а pleasre r me to organs yor course .
Best wishes
Nikolta Uvarova
ve o eve imagined yr lfe wthot computers ?
ay people consider it indispensable .
ie ny othe , it ses to me tha it invlv various posiive aspects to everone .
In fac , a sgnficant number of people agree hat computers hav me our lives much easier than bfore .
Nowadays , y a cht with your frids via computer even if th r on the other side of th planet .
Computs help us in organizig our dta , as you an nd any informtion u want vey fast as it hs lots of search egies .
Another reason , knowing ho to e a computer is necessary in mos bs .
A t computers advertis their goods on h Interet so millions of people would know it - cmputers enbe us to automate various tasks that we can not do manualy and hat is really elpful .
Computers can help you with your homework to fd h informaton yu need .
Finally , in my oinion computers is very useful to all of us .
He a to study oe thn ever in hs lie .
The firs partial tests we oig to be oon .
Everyday , everyhour he fond s self thiking about the future .
t ob he 'll have , the clothes he 'll ea , the fod he 'll ook ... he had almost evry inch of his futur planned .
But firstly he h to ps he exms .
Th ws th ky to pen the treaur trunk , ull of golden options .
As hi mothe he would work as an advocate .
He would mke a name for hs self working hard , an hs faily would be prod .
The truh is ha everybody ha really hi expetations of hi .
T idea of becomig t pele proctor ace to the l , was n't hi .
Whn he as lite , he heard i famiy talkg aou how hapy he we because his brother Peter aas following the tps of hs mo .
Sadly Per as no longer tere .
Michael 's mother cried r months an his father tre to look strong , but o could er him sobbing at night .
Michel thougt that playing his brther 's ro ould hl .
He losed he dor n knew at hat moment that he had md a mistak .
Da Maa / Sir ,
I have ra our ote 's adveriseent abu Niagara all 's romane packa in a newspaper .
I am writing to o because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and wod like to eeive ome urher information in advance .
First of l , could ou provide me iformtion about the whe costs of the pacage ?
What I am most interested in , is a room with a all 's view deed .
C yo asure me of getng one by l means ?
Since I want to spend a nig wi my partner at ou hotel at the n of Deceber , I need a confirmation on yu prt of poviding h room at ha time .
Ca I be sure that the hotel will o be booked up bewee Christmas and N Yea 's Eve ?
In addition , could you provide me informatio about te narest airport and aout te way to get to your hote from there ? We st kno ti or any case since we are going to tael by pne fm Budest , Hungay . I wod be pleased if ou could aist me in boing a cheap flight as wll .
I am lookin frwrd to herig from you soon ith ll t details whih ou a provide me .
Yours faithfully ,
era Borbála Solt
We liv in e century of he speed .
ach year we use mr and more tpes of ranport : buses , tram , subway , rain , airplans , etc .
d of course , we use oe and oe personal as .
Do I think that public trnspor ll one in e future ?
s I do .
Oe of e reasons is the ime .
w we are spending t much te in waiting o public transport and of ourse we ould like to get ur destiaton as at as possible , b pbic transport does n't provide uc possibility for us .
Tat is why we ty to buy our prsonal car .
Furthermore we us persoal vehicles or ret crs or travellig , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
I undertnd copleely ta ome typs of publc trnspor sch as airplans and shps , will exist some time .
But this is an exception because eisting echnoloies do nt alo the usage of sch pesoal ransport as we oud at preent day .
But , the future wi change this situation .
eping tranges
I usd to helping people when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystander .
Firt of a , my atruistic nature is due to my biologcl dsire to help other .
fr nstance , n y I w wling in the garden when I saw a girl falin dw frm a children wing in a plying area , I held er imediately , after I was sure enouh that he ws fine , I called her mother and old her bout this incident , e tnked me a t .
I was thking she wa my responsibility , but it ca n't be t sae every time .
in aditio , young ges are obsring an atuistic behavior from month th .
for xample , lst week I s tressed out , so I lost my phe at the univrsity , I was not alizing ht ntil I returned hme . while I was on my way to the niversity , my litt sister pryin for me to fiding u my phone .
so , in my opinion children when hy a witness always wan to hel strangers .
Finaly , scientists hypothesize that our rains are hlpful noug wn we can helping out other peol .
Dar lison ,
Hi !
Ho are you?I hope eveything is aright .
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delghted ou to be my gest at home nt moh .
Now let me give you se dice about o to et to my place in Madrid .
en y gt to Bajas airport you 'll have to ae h subway ad go to ocha station and there o 'll have to chane line n catch line three to get l satin .
I 'll be there to mee you .
If you 're not for it y can ju t a ta at Barajas aiport to the same direction .
I strongly reommend the first ptio because it 's cheaper than h second ne .
Besis this way yu an have an exciig start in Madrid .
If ou et lost in h mtro do n't worry .
Gi me a rng nd I 'll pck you up werever yo are .
I hope to hear om you so .
Best egars .
Juan
aving th enironment
AS we nw our plnet 's condition is getting worse vey da .
ecaue human activity release into te a substances that daag seral things in u planet sc as the atmohere ad ecystems .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are soe of t conseqences , herfore we can do countlss things that appear to be meaninles bu if eerone oe it we n live in a much healtier planet .
Evey day scientst try to dvelo new wy to mrove the way we liv , so tha we are hable to polte ss he planet .
One of e things discovered by thse scientists are e c - homes , in oher rds Eco - homes are a yp of hes tt help us causing less amage to e planet and atmophee in ou verydy lfe .
It sounds a ltle bit stang but by intalling solar aniels and other featus in thse homes we lv a much greene le , undoubtedly here old be some changes but because we kow wh we ar dng it there ould be no problms .
Also the effects of those ctins wold be gigantic an would hlp improve the nvironment suation nevertheless we will still have to change om actiities and be less ef - centred so ha we can all work for a greater objetive .
In my opinion in a decade we wi be livin in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
I practise sevrl orts , u my avourite is fotball .
I play footba twc a week as mimum .
I njoy playng tis spot because it is ery funny and cometiive .
Furtherme , fotball ve you t pportnity to ke friends because it is a team sport .
With footal you a move al h mscles in your body and also eercise yr mind thinking about what is he best pass or we you have to u or to .
If o want to start to play footbl my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt ou bones or muscls .
In oer to be t , yu can run or ride a bike r o or three weeks d fter th , you are going to be prepared to play football .
e euipment is very important o .
So er cofortable clohes and a good trainers .
I recommend o to pl it with your frends , but if you are in a ne iy , you ca serc teams on the Internet .
There r a lot of opportunitie .
To improve yor skills you can practise alone a y ll became better than efore .
So ly football and enjo it .
Hi y !
o 're rih , in fact it was ver difficut to me t I finaly tok this ecisio because I at to mk ne experienc .
I'm ver excited!I'm goin to the United Kindom in a eek 's tm but I 've already made sme plans about it .
First of ll I 'd love to vsi w places .
old yo md making a lis of place ou like the most ? .
Moreover I ed to organse a tande to improve my Enlsh t if it would n't work I coud attend an English course .
Do you know an lnguages chool?They're ery expensive so I wll need more mne .
Speaking about moey ... I really ed to ind a job !
I have to get money if I want to stay her fo alf a yr !
A my parents fused to ive it to me cause thy say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In th meantime what about helpin me to ind a ar - time job ?
I ca n't definitely gt a fl - tm job 'caus I want to elax ad hae fun .
Text me if ou find something r me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petesbug
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm vey ga to receive ur lettr . I 've no heard om you r gs .
ow re you ?
Thee ar my answers to ou questions .
My cls visits museums nc a month .
My favouite museum is the Hermitage tht is in the heard of my ty .
I think tha eerybod should vis it because you a ee eauiful paintings of gifted and aous rtsts .
It 's a gret idea to go hiking wh you family .
When an where are y goin hiking ?
He you bought y eqipment yt ?
id you go hiking last yea ?
pe to hear fo you soon .
Best wshes ,
Inna
The Vetnamese educton and study sstm is competely different from the Austraian one .
Li to Asia countries , such as : Korea , ina , Singapoe , te Vietnamese education ad tuy syte is really harsh and high competitiv to all tudents , especially for he rimary students .
Firstly , the priay education and study system of Vietnam is er hard .
They have to sudy a lot with fro 5 - 6 subjects in a smster .
Thee sbject mainly fous on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are nt any courses elated to ie nd commnication skill or nnovative siece .
All subjcts are less flexile d all students ae learning th same progams at th same time .
enwhile , the Australian educaio and study system is easier n mo njyable an Vietnamese sytem .
In a cas , there e very f stuents with many more flexible sudy rogrms .
The priar students ar touch many different life ills by teachers at chool .
Additionally , the subjects in e cool e gie ih the am to develop thikin and creativity of sudents .
hey ls la many interetig sort .
Secondly , it is not only from the shol but also Vietnamese parents of the primary sudents are also expected in the education of tei hildren .
They usually hop hat thir chlden t on the hight scor in school .
Terefor , otsde te scol , Vetnamse parents at to send hei children to tutorial classes , such as : ath , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vitnamese children have not any life skills ad have many health problem , suc as : short - sighted , tum - ach , spinl column … Sdl , the proortio of Vietnamese children who are sor - sighted end to inrease in recent years .
Mewhile , Australian paren als care abot the children but oth way with Vietnese parents .
Outside h school , they send thei ids to sport Centre or go to e ocial activiti .
Sum up , Australian hildren r happier than Vetnames children . I think that primary student nd to spend me time for layin and enjoy their hildhod .
I loed to limb from the wo go .
My irst time was an exciting xpeience I il nver forget : e touch of the rock , h high , the pain in your fingers ... I like clbing becae ths sport makes me feel alive , even somtims I feel fr .
But do n't thk tht cliing is a dangerus atiity!. Althogh you cli to the top of a rok wl , yo lways do it with a checked security material .
Firstly , if yu want to clmb yo will ned , at least , a partner .
o must rely yu life on is pero , so it 's importn you get on with hm or hr .
It is perha f tis reson hat people wh climb are often couples !
Moover , climbg is a sport in ich it 's not o iprtant if you are a man or a woan becas you does n't only use your trengh ut lso your equilibation .
You shuld gi a try to ti musing and thrilling sot that it 's a sor of copetition with youref : every day a litt it highe , evey ay a little bit diffiult ..
If yo take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll rry on ! !
My holidays
I ove holidays a smmr , the seao I ke best beause of a l of things : In sume I alwas go to t mountains , in my grandparent ' hue , wre I ge fn ih my uncles n cousins .
Grandma 's ood is grt d I spend days staying otside , playing badminton or volleyball or aving a wak in the wood .
Some ys we hv a lon tri oo .
We ing food and drin n we spend a day in beautiful places such as e o of a motin , an azing cstl or a tipicl market of a town .
But what I ove best ae h afternoons with my vourite cousin , Sar , a i broher , Luke .
We play Risko fou hour : we 're never d up !
In winter is even betr : ere 's a lot of sw and we ote go skiing on t ear peaks : skiin is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five ad I le don the ost dificult slops , nd Cristas is beautfu ith the people I lov bs .
hse a some reasons of why I love mountains n why I spend there mst of my holiay .
we wee in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I ave reenly watched h Ultiamt of Bourne an I 'm so exctd to share it wh you . I elieve you 'll absolutel lv it .
It is ctio ove that involves te secret games of C .
Th film is but this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he kws he 's chased by the agancy .
Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is ritng about him and a progam called Blck are .
Ju before the ases t t journalist Jason oure hes m to ecape .
He tried to et some information from the gu , ut ufortunatel a snier shots him ead .
I ill ot tell you what happens afterwords not to spoil it o u .
My fied , I can not recommend thi fl eogh .
It is a pec of work inde .
If you 'd lie to see it I 'm gig to ome along wh u to he ciema , becau I rely wish to watch it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sry I haven't written to you for so long .
As you ow I a eally bsy last month .
My tacer ked me to organise a charity concert in r school .
My task was to fd a ban of musians who wold pl at o conert .
I ut admit it was relly har to find a eally good group of payers , wh would juice up the adienc and also pla fr fe .
I deied to oganise a casting .
It was so excting ad unny listenig to ll those musicins , ecase so of them actually did n't have he skills to pla ad did n't have t charm needed to warm up the people .
In the end all wen fantastic .
We managed to raise much more money for a go cause than we hoped to raise .
hat 's all r th time bei .
Wrte to me soon and give my reard to ou parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Througout my life I lived in a f ities and villge located in South of usia .
ah of t cies has unique se of traportation means .
In illage he only a of public transprtaion is small buses , os of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
In regional eters os peope commte via trolleybuses and tramcars .
Th latest is transport of choice of st people becus its passengers vey rarly ls tim in trafic jams due to dedcated railwy passages .
Tose wo e not satisfied with pulic tansportaion ssem ma use pvate vehicles .
I estiate moe then 99 percent of tm are cr .
Rael we an s bicycles and scooters .
I used to travel on buses .
t rcetly I ought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in sumer ti .
Now , in Novemr , weather in Rssia is not so good so I switched back to bus .
My os recen dream is to ride on EuroVelo oad etwor .
I expect them to be ch mre suitable for ike compared to ocal roads .
I wis oad surface quality in Russia ill improve yar on yea .
Hello my ne is Ni Joly and I 'm sveteen .
I sill go to hi school where I study or languages , rench , Spish , English an Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to travl and to the eple I 've met I 've leat ow to seak fearless a quite flunly in nglsh .
I abslutely love chidren and honestly hey love me ; I hink it is a sort of a gift , bcase not all the peole love children an can t on well wh hem .
I 've a a lite it of experience in summer ay sitting some is ; in Ita it is more diffiult to be a babsitter becaus if yo a ndrage , prens should hve esponsiblity on you so it is better to be over 18 .
I lv playing with kid but as always there are some rules hat av to be followed .
Th os important rule , in my opinion , is " hvng f witut hurtng or gettn hurt " .
During tho few times ih ich I bui my experiene we al played tgethr and we ooked togethe , so I taght the ow to make oe chicken nd some pasta in an Italian way .
Honstly I 'm no the bt cook ever , u I can mke a few od things le scarbled eggs , asta nd me .
One of my arachteristics is hat I 'm a ver precise person , for exampe I enjoy making lsts because tey make my md leaer , and I stricly follow wt I wot so everything , hopefully , endes well .
Thank you for your tie nd attention .
Trust in flying with a horse
I eally like may spors on hi world . I go to ge gym daiy to st ft and healthy .
Bt my overal vourite spot is riding horses .
I 'm doing it since I 'm ix years ol .
It is so fascinati fo me to build up a relationship to te ose yu ride .
You know hat is e most important thng bout riding orses ?
It is al about trust .
If you provide confidence , the hore il trust ou .
Wit this relance yu c go throughot everything toeher .
My pele tink , it 's not really a ort .
But believe me , iding uses so much endurance !
What I le mostly abo ll the different sections of riding horses is jumpg .
I feel so free when I n fly ve hse ostcles .
Anoher gd feelng is h speed wen you galop .
Surely th was t everything .
Riding eas lo to clean th ors and lok ter it , ut nevermind , it 's the bet sprt you ca do .
As the production of cars is increase , it seems ta t needs for public transportation is dclined .
Soe insi hat no one ed bu or subway in th future .
However , in my opinion , it rather usfl to e public vehcles as me goes by basd on two ritical easons .
Frs , people do n't want to waste their tme finin parin ts .
e re people have thir own cars , the ore space to pak is needed .
Unfortuatly , ther is a certain limit to sac , so it is not possile hat veryone ue teir c evy day especially in mega citie lke Seoul , New Yo , and ondn .
It is mo convenient to ove from hr to there when ou take he bus or subway because you do n't ave to worry aut your a while woing .
T secon reason is mor important ad obvios .
It is related to the environmentl iues .
Using public mean help to protect the Earth frm r pollutin .
Thr e so many kns of problems which the environmental pollution cuse .
h pollutn is a in of lobal isse of wic eople should consider seiousy .
Withou rducing personal vehicls , thr is no solution of that problem .
Surel , te government wil try to mk a better syte of public transpr because they wnt citizens not to e their ow means .
For these reasons , the wl be the future f e public transport always .
oreoer , it is quite optmistic hat people will need me it rather ha privae tansport .
De S ,
I am wriing to enquire out e job of am Assistant in a sumer cam , hic was advertise in a magine .
I am 25 years d an I ave finihd my studies of psiclogy this year and I am avilable to ok from July to Septebe .
I am a vry acive person nd I am ccustoed to ding different in of sprts activties such as swimming and rdin .
I cosider me a responsible pern with t ability to be able to face any ki of problems .
As sn as te languages I speak native Spanish ad Catla and aso I sek French and Germn fluenly an recey I ve ased the First certificate in English .
I ee tat I have the right experinc n ualifictions to do hs o .
If yu thik ht I am the st uitble persn to be recruied , I uld intereed to hear from you .
Yus fithfuly ,
ry Smth
This topic leds me to think of professional skl " Architecture design " .
Tis resul in dferent of views on wethe peopl age the best things or improvement people 's ives ave lreay tae place .
I hod the belf hat the topic for me is compltely wrong , even so improvements are easy to e and solves h mo of polems .
Fir , the developmen of population still continue , the ace for living sti a serious problem although , the skyscraper already sved e mt of problems from poulatin crisis .
On the oher han , the skyscraper makes more problems , such as pollutin .
For example , I esiged he highy architecture in the highly ppulation density city in Taiwan .
The skcraper rovides mor ace fr excss population ; owevr , the building will produce ore pollution hn h skyscraper constructs by modr materials , such as tel and concrete .
hey wil deroy he enviromnt wh the raw ateria digs ot fro the site .
The polluton must hr the local pole and environment from the sit of raw materials .
hi is why I ntioned tat te problem still exists a the poblm only transforms to nther regis a ype .
Second , he omputer syste ooks like solv he most of roblems ; however , this system mk more daneros in seific situtions .
Th " BUG " must be appears rom man - made ystm becase of te incomplete oing .
Tht is w our personal infrmatio awys leaks to h " hacker " .
For instance , when we joy the eecronic comercial servce and sp the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal th private inormaton at he ae tme .
Tey will e that information to cheat peple 's money on t hoe and ou wl tus em beause of the crrec personal infomaton .
Thi is oral phenomenon in Taiwan ; hoever , plice ca n't do anything bcause of e haker 's noymity .
Tht is what I sid that h bt impoveent things still no exit , even e computer syst lready solved om rolems .
Of couse , om people may be moved to disage with my position on ti issue .
hat being said , I still fl the reons I have presented was strong ones , suc as architeture and cmpute system .
Der Jane ,
As so as I rea h article abou yor roble , I deided to wite you at nce n ve you me suggestions , since I av the siilar iteest in physical fitness , too .
I feel vry strngly ha the dal exercise is a basic definition which we must kep if we want to be on shape .
To sart wth , a simple wy to wok out is not to et the u fo chool .
For example , you could go on foot or with yr bicycle accompnie by your friends itead.by oin this , you will burn more an more calories daily ithou a special equiment an avng fun ih our ps .
Furthermore , if I re you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
Fr instance , ignng up for hip - hp ace or aeroic classes as I do , it would be a nice ia .
In this a , u wll do a hard - working exrcie witot realising it , as you ll njoy yourself at e same time .
What is mor , it old ep if o work ut at home and buy gym equipment such as treadmil or a bicycle .
By oing th chores of the hos like the wasing is another w to exerie as well .
As a result , you il save tme and embarrassment , especially if yo are t of shape .
To su up , if you follow my otins o 'll see resuts irecly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
You will nt eel se - confent and glad , but your outward appearance wii be beter .
Friendship toa
Frienship is actual a really important isue nowadays .
Plety of ways ca be sed to ma ew frinds .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these ocial newrks offer us the easest way to find nw friends .
Bt are they rea ones ?
In my oinion te est way to develop yur new friendship is , meeting them , have a cffee a drin or whatver .
Talking is tuly the unique y to t to know people and establish strong bound .
Moreover , me guy try to find fiends who alway gree wh hm .
Howver , it cod be a little bi unhealy .
To tell you frnky a bet friend hs to ffr you a different point of vie and what is mor it is important say no sometimes .
For l of tes reasons we have to ta re ur fiendship thes days n scia etworks are ok to be in toch with your friends ut if you wo n't to make nw ones .
Go nywhee !
Ad meet new peple .
Money : essetia f youngsters ?
At the a of eigten , most of British studts are fnishing seconary school .
A w , toughr wrld is in frnt of tem as hey get edy o cllage or to embark on their professinal career .
The family finaial support , at is sag , sems alms essential .
Wi ti in min , some qustions arise : Shold young peple be given all mney esil or hold they p in a great dl of ffort to get it ?
Should arets prepare the ground o thir son ' ccess or jst lt thm work ad to build their lvs ?
We have to adit tat toil and trouble are urgent need of this juvenil generation .
Why do we cal them youngsters ?
Bcuse ty are so , and here is no troule wth that .
But hee oms a time when they e supposed to ma it to adulthood .
At ti point , ak of mony might be a blesng in disuise .
The more ey sat to hase heir deam , e fast they ripen nd prize what they earn .
I 'm o dismissing the ia of nancial aid , thoug .
Do n't g me wrong , peas .
What I 'm doing is challengin the wy we apprach to it .
We ha to prserve th thial value of maintenance at the sam time we hel the next gnertions to succeed by their wn means .
If we an povide yougsters ih mone and still avod they grow lzy , hen enomic relief is welcomed .
Udoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to ever paen : shall we be able to take ae r youngsters provision and yet tech te that mony os n't grow on trees ?
Moy is almost esenial , but the w ung people arn to ineract th his is esential to shp a society th appreciates wht it obtains through efort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2 part )
My holidays w here !
I arrived to Sain on Suday mornig , It as a lovey sunny y in Malaga .
I arrived very exahusted , becuse I could't lep th night before .
I had to wa aae in e airpor !
hn I rrived at home , I jt wnered oe tig , sleep , so I did .
I was leeping ll h afternoon .
I was really tired !
Monday , I had the typica " family day " , I had ben eating with l my famil in our cotta .
en I me with my friends and we h a ne evening driing some brs in the pu .
The Tuesday a an extraordinary beach da .
I wa al the a iying in the beach , talking with my friens an having an ncrediby time wit th .
Wednesday was he relaxed dy .
I ws all the day at home with my ct watching Enlish il an etng pansh desert .
In Andalusia , in Eastr , the typical desert it 's called " pestiño " .
It a swee live oil pasry ih one .
My mum was rparing te day before , and was really yumy .
I almost ea it all !
My family is catholic so in Easter , th main days for or region ar hursday and Friy , for my faml too .
I 'm catlic , I believe in o but I 'm not very friendly with e Vaticano 's rules .
I 'm a fre catholic .
Proaly it sounds wed , but I 'm on my y .
These wo dy wer aily days , I had to go to t church to a mes hic reesent e last alv ay from Jeuschrit : te ast dinr and th passion .
At lea , these weeend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired n I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
Finally , the da to coes to nland had arved .
Monday I ame back to London an my holidays had finished .
See o soon Spain !
In my oinion ublic trsport is h fture , because its quality ad omfot wl improve and it 'll be easier to ove and cheaper oo .
Travellin by ar is so muh mor conveniente if we think abut small place sc as vilags or small tows .
Imagine to go by car to iies ie ondon , is it t ar re convenien ?
If you osider e cahti traffc and th lo queue to get here nd imct of tee factores on peole 's heath d people 's finances , I 'm ue y 'll change your nd about pblc trnsport .
In te la w yars pbli tansport has ben iproving a lo in terms of technloy , flxiility and diversity in ems of timetables , tikes and placs .
Besides tes , the ulic tnsport is bett f the eniroment , especially the eectric b .
Te electric bus is an option in mny countrie as a way to improe h environent .
Th pe of trnspor is a great contribution to h enironmnt , becaue it 's cleaner ta thse tha ed trol or iesel to work .
On the other nd , is possible to find hibr cars ut hey are more expensive ta those hat works ith norm ful and for that reason peoe 's first opio is not this kin of a .
T thme of envionment is very mprtant owadys and n ot a lot to a country .
A conty has to y for their ecological foot nd this means as much olluton is prduced more evironment damage , in other word bigger ecologal foot , ad consequently more hs to be paid .
Goernments will define environmental stategies in ord to decreae he costs of ecological foot .
Suc strategis il involve xes above polent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of beefits to hos who opts for mo envrnmental mans of transport .
So the convenience of travelling by car is nt totally tru .
Of cure you ae owner of or time ad destinations , b it is enou ?
Think about i impact on yo espences nd on the environment , wld n't be better to take a us , an underground or a train ?
If we consider all h factrs mentioned above , probably muc people wll hange their mi .
Dea UA Summe Camps ,
I am Aa Alcea Benavidez , a studnt fr he Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , whe a rl , who wa one of ou volunteer , was talking about thi roject t ast wk , h sugesed we to join it .
I he woking in iferent activities like ths , for exple in a fmus baskball team as a volunteer , or in the hosital with cildrn and thei parents who ve here .
Moreover , I ive aln in my he , threfor I a cook ad be an excelent coke to .
I consider I am a fun , communicative nd reponsble peron it experience in is knd of ctivities , and h can hp in all the thing u need .
Beuse of that , I thk th I ould tk pat in yor team nd I wuld be a sutble person o you .
Fnally , I wud like to know whre ill be th camps exactly bcause I need to uy the flighs .
Yours sincerely ,
Ana
A ws man sai " The p is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bwer - Ltton ) .
hee word reflect the power and the importan of writig and reading acros mankind 's histo .
Althoug the are a lt of reaon that support ta idea , this arile focuses about e importance of reading as a geat tool to xerise our brain .
Fst of al , t brain is a complex art of our body ha is able to process information n create knowledge based on stimulus .
Those kinds of stmulus come from several sources nd he hl you in diffrent measures to exrcise te brai .
However , reading is h most imporant souce to eecise he brain becaue it pesents a lot of chalenges fo o mind .
For instane , wh you read , you hve to associate characters and places , a memorize deails .
Those kinds of hing hep to the brain to be moe actie an process nformtion fast .
At econd , her ar sme researches ha proe tt in general peple who read are smarter than pople who do t .
hi affirmain is bas in e fact of the inceas of litracy and development of veral intelligence that people get when he exrcise e rain reading books .
Ths is anoher b eason to tke ca abt reading , becaue in hi competitv world , ony smart people will be able to get e best opportuniies aailable in society .
At third , hen people read , ey have to use te imaination to g a ettr idea of what 's going on .
That situation is anther example of how reading is an excellent bin 's exrcise , becue whe pele have to imagi thngs , the bain has to be creative , ad that kn of ocess is t important to impove yorelf in probem 's resolton n retion of iportant ideas in ral lif .
In general al th thng descibed before sow hw important is redin to eercie the brai .
So , xt ie when yo try to avoid a book , hik firs whether ou need tt your brain works faster or be more creative , because ould be a od id to exerie a little bit your brain with eaing .
Review Silence of h Lams
Thee are may go movies , espcially thillers re alays enjoable in my opinion .
One of those is the movie ' Slence of the Lams ' , wher Clarice , an FBI gent in trainig , has been asked to tal to an imprioned Hnibal Lecter who ha information bou a serial killer the FBI has been ting to catch .
Tre wer sevea reasons why th movie stood out .
First I was reay impressed by the performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarie ) ad Anthon opkin ( Hanniba ) .
I have lwas hought of them as reay good actors , but they wr exquisie in this movie .
No only in tei indvidua pats , but also in he cees the d togethr .
Scodly , the stoyline ws unpredictable and really clvr an for tht realy enjoyable .
You hd to pay atention throughut he ntire movie to eep up ih the sry .
On top of that wa tere tension at all times .
This move is outsanding , I belve ta even pele who are n eally into thiller il enjy wtchig it .
As I mentioned bfoe , are bt the atng and he storyline rlly impressive .
You will be watching with ul interst .
At last is the charcter of Haniba Lecter one of a kind , there is no the movie wre y will find a figr like hi .
Dearest Rene ,
How 's yo frst English lteratur lesson at school ? I hop it d loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
I a arnt the secial features of te 16th century acting busess an theatres in London as wel as the lifetim of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wit to tell yu more !
You y have thoght theate wud be fshionable place or t oalty , courtiers d merchants .
However , it was no .
Duin te reign of Queen Elizabth I an Ki Jms I , ply watcng wa an enertinment o t locals to relax .
As it cost very lite to e nto an open - aired theatre , eveyone jammed d otled to watch lay , thug the poor stood under brig sunshine d ha eir heads burnt wle the rich sat in t shelter with an extra shiling aid .
At the same tm , actos were by dressing and recitng the crips . '
Lve is a smke md it e fume of sighs . '
Do you reemer this famous quote from Romeo a uliet ?
At that ie , males had to wo whi the fmal were forced to say at he a do all the husehold cores .
Frankly speaking , tresses id OT exis !
These actors pa ull atention to convenience h audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy ctng .
They used props , thck ma - up , gowns , wigs d all ots of accessorie .
The ' Juliets ' ven had to have thir beard and moustahe and eny their roe throughout the play .
Wa a gargantuan sacrifice of sf - esteem and reputation they d give up !
Oe more interesting fact is hat , both t lovers in the pa were talians but their playwright ad never bee to Italy .
It cul reflect 16th cntuy London was a lting oint of dierent cutures n Skespeare probably go in touch Italian culure by making friends with thos local vsitrs .
Three trmpet blasts re gvn symbolizing th start of pl , yt noe of the repecte silee would be given .
Audiec would boo nd throw fuis to the actos in cse th did n't ie th .
Speal dramatic efets ee hu add on stage .
annonballs were rold aroun to make soud of thunder .
Pig 's blood wa ue during casulties or dahs in sword fghting .
Sage trapdoo allowed actors to vais mically .
In a roofed - in heatre , pulleys and mahiney er ue for loring ctors on stae .
Shakespeare provided everything te people asd for --- aughtr , rmnce , and agidies .
h py lover , ng Jams I as impressed and became the patron of t Lo Chamberlain 's Men .
The company chage s nae into ' the Ki 's Me ' and erformed over 00 plays !
By w , I have idened my horizons and increased my intret towas the sptlght on playhouses .
I ih you ve it either !
Write on !
Cheers ,
Michell
As you skd I am going to give the information of how my vilge looks after the eironment .
My village s ben wking on this project for decades they have ee fixing thei tecniues an te stl know a day 's evrythig has cost us a l of effort we started fr th esiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that re me comlex ( renewble energ ) .
We lve in an aea where its population has l pes of animals wic can e hurt ver easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have vy strict ues wh referrig to taking are of e environment .
The principal things eveyone us hv at their hoes e tree trah an for the diviion of he rsh ; oe must be or renwabe mterils ( ret of food , pape , aton … ) another for plastics and the lat one f glass .
All th enry ing used in the own is renewable eney ; ( hydraulic energy , olar energ nd wd enrgy ) every hous hs a solar panl that gets th u light transforming it into energy , ht provide part of the eergy to each house t days ta the u shines but if there is no sn te village hs a dam beside us hich provdes the enough with aer for h whole village and so wih hydrauli energy ; not nl we hve hydraulic energy but al wn energy ; in the ut skirts of h illge ther is a wind powe lant were h id energy is prodced .
Aso ur wate has one of e best purification thods after we us it we cea it so we do n't contaminate the water of e river or dam .
To r to keep the enviromet clean we hv a ig goup of voluntary workers tt work after their jobs here trying to ee this area as clean as possble by picking all th rubbish and controlling the whle aea in case there is somethig ot normal .
Apart from ths grup of voluntaries every peon of the village is obliged to ake care of the environmnt a e the car as lile as pssible so te pollution is as minmm as posble er the bicycle is the most famous wy of trnport car are n't cmon he are nly ud wen transporting eavy hig or wen travelling long distanes .
Nowadays , mn eole like do the shopping .
But everyone hik in that way ?
Some of them think tht buying tins are ey ring an unnecessary .
First adanage of buying e thns in shos is at it is ry satisfying , in particular for won .
Many of them ar relxed when they are searching for ew , rearkale cltes .
Scondly , we could find shocking brgai in shops .
Sps could give us eve 70 percen of sale , what help ving moe mone .
On te ote ha , dog he shopping is nt only smething njoyable .
ne of the drawback of goi to the hop is ta we pend huge amount of mney .
We wold uy next , ipacticable ih - he hoes , which il spend coue of eas in wrdrobe .
Last bu nt lest disadvantage against fo doing the shpping , in the mall could prowl my pickpokets , becuse th culd o us .
In conclusion , buying new tings is a good idea to spen fascinating time with friends , however we ould as lse a lot of money .
Personally , I do not gre wt th staemet " shoping is not lwas enjoyable " , becaue I like ti kind of sending leisure ti , f instnt , wth my mom or friends .
Thi b chart dels wi the osts of tree different photocpier .
Therore it compares he prchase rice , th warranty expenses a he uning costs of ah prodct .
Interestingly the pruchas rce of " Carde " nd " KD " is most the same .
In " Crds " case the amount is $ 600 nd " KDs " price is vagaly $ 700 .
Hwever " Sebu " ock with a ruchas price of $ 1,000 .
All potocopiers show a very low arranty pri .
In this categoy " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 00 .
Wherby " Crda " ad " eu " score wth wrrnty exenses under $ 1 .
" Cada"s prout h e highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
In the cae of " KD " h running charges come oy up to $ 800 ad " Se " has obvusly te lowest expenses wit $ 600 .
As a long term investion I woud choos " Sebus " model even its purchase price is ve high .
Te reason therefore are its mal arranty n especially running costs .
Te kenn rnnng expenses will ompensae the purchase prc in the futre .
In tday 's world , naly every person take care of wht sh or he is earing .
Mn peopl claim , that wearig fashionable clothes is very imotant .
It sems to me ht tese cohes may hve a high pice an sometime they do not wort it .
Some people ar if thy do ot wear the ates fashion , they wo n't be valuable person .
Th spen a frtune on outfits and wat for being amired and appreciated .
Wearing y nd of lothe have an effect on y , and obiously on yor imge .
I aree ih he idea tat clothes can help in exressing ourselves .
It is vr mportat to choo tos ies hih repreent ou pesonaliy .
For exampe , ome popl esign hir ow cloth and hey sew it t .
In this way , they represen originality just by using eir ceativit .
However , in mo cses pele are not satisfied with their sape ad look .
It is ofen owing to weaig lthes wch do no fit and suit them .
The laest fasho is often degned for li persons , so it is recommend to cose the ight es .
To m up , I blive there e pros and cns werng e ltest fasho .
The ost significant tig is that it is n what makes u beautifu .
It 's inside that cnt .
Peter looked at his wtch and knew tt he had to do something immediately .
He ran over to hi treehouse on t muntai , where he se to spe time himself or reading a book .
Two days efore Peter received a letter of somee sayig to meet her / hm in he treehouse at 5 o'cck .
he treehuse was built by ter 's father a it w their secret .
w yeas ao , Peter 's father di so Peer was the oy one that kn here s the treehouse .
So , h coul he sent tt leter ?
Pet ran d ran and en he arrive he aw the door opened .
He founded it stran becase he lays lock the door and he only people th had the keys was he ad i father .
He ame it h houe n saw a mn sitting on his father 's chair .
He shout " ho 's there ? " ad suddenly t m ured ove and h myser man ws ter 's father and he said " I 'm rud tht o have kept or secret .
Se yo later ... " .
Petr an nto his fther 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself tht he never ever would tell anyone about he secret .
I do n think tht no future r public tranprt bause not al th people can have a car , especialy , or peop in t developing county .
Mreover , here are places on long distance we c no travl by ar , so we ned a train or even a lane .
In addiio , oe people do t like traellig by hir prvte ca on te highways cause they fear the accidents .
Bt on the other hand , l agree to some extent tha travelling by my pvate car is mh more cnvnient .
I ca travel at ny im beng restricted to specific imes , as wl as l ca est at an afe to drink my farite coee .
I enjoy uig GPS duig travellin on my own to explore ne plaes .
Consequenty , we can not dispense wth plic transport , ve if me of us would rater to u heir privt cars .
Some on - building aeas , in som countries , e n occupying by housin and ohr rsidentil buildins .
This wld ha some srious pblems fr both citins nd animas .
Huan beings need mo natal environment to li bttr and to ensue the living qualities .
Inhabit can go to coutyside to hae a pacnic or excurson wih her friens or families to relax .
Ar atral ara , sh as farmland , orest and wetland , re destroyd in large - sae , thee is no clo places wh beautiful cnes to vis .
h consequence is tt ty are easily to et sick with modern buildins , whc would influence thir mental eath , and ven worse .
o anals , they are a rt of nature , wre is the home for them .
Wthou a pleasant place to live in , he are confronting extinction .
If their living aras are occupd by housing and other buildings , thr sourc of food and ate ould be a srius roblem .
As a result , some most vulerabe seies will fae to die ut .
he large - scae buildin land are suporsed to be hei me .
For governments , restriction on exploring hum an is one of h ways to sole these problems .
Policmkers can nact a l in reducg land develoment .
Another mtod is ht naural cology gardens n be provided to hse anials , like birds .
As lon as there are some plas for them to lve , the natul ecology old be balncd .
In conclusion , a wide range of buldigs nd costruction can not only destroy o own ling environmnt , t also ta of animas .
Governments ae esponsible fr changing this problems to chieve he harmony between an , nature ad animl .
LIVE AND STU IN SPAIN W …
WORK ITH US ! ! !
We knw that submergng in te cutur an custom of our chen language is importt an a btte way to earnin it .
We re however conscus of the inancal difficulties ht young people face oda , it is for this reason at we proose th following idea .
It gives you the posibility of working as an Au Pi .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more indepnden !
All th is required of you is to ave a knack or kids nd loe te idea of becoming Au Pair .
Are u nterested ? Do not hesitate !
Fill te appication om nd a sed it to us in the flloing mil address :
Tis could be h greatest expeiece of yu if , do n't miss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincrey tank you fo the opportunistic ffe to proved quck ay to begin saving environmental resources .
I wil begin by strongly advisng cycling for a nmber of reasons : a better physical health , beter mentl ealth , n no paying ol ill .
The phyical exercise endre drin cyclig provides a gre orkout for t cycler , and in addition to at , blending wih mother ntre helps imprv metl helth ; you als save ur on money by not paying for oil bills .
Aothe a to help is to sa h eectrcity , a while doing that , ae my moey to .
Moreover , less eectrical stress on th mahines ensres th the mchins ' live elongate .
I also recycle my od ppe materal sh as old bos , a ts gratly helps or atmosphere thanks to t dcease in hazardous gases resultig frm rned waste .
On the ther hand , we all ge to benefit from the ceaper recycled papr mterials ; I also wat to entin te blissful feelig I get when I recall I hve dn good r our wonderful world .
In t n , I sicerely ope ts report proves informative ad ecouraging f many .
hi was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fier supporter of ti cue .
Da i or Madam
I am writing in ordr to apply or the pot of Camp Asistant you have adverted in a magazine .
I am ue I will repnd to yur requirements since I ae h ablites you are asking or .
Rcently I passd my First Certiicate in English and I pak fluently Spanish , too .
In addition I am vr responsile prsn nd I ha got a rst ai certificate , hih hs givn me he confidence to del with emerency situations .
I am not a professonal athete , however I am keen on sprs , especially teet running competitions .
I enjoy participating , whenever psible , in competitns in my city as an mateur athlee .
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , bcaus I wl hae fished my deree coure in June .
Finally I want to let o know both of my refeences are appy to be contcted immdiately to confirm my personal qualities .
I he to er as oo as ossible fro you an ierview arrangement .
Yors faithfully .
Sve yourself
Have you ever thought wha you an do to he t environment ?
Mae not !
Tere is a lot hat yu an do ...
This ar I decided to clean e ocal forest wi my family .
It will be very good to us , to e animal a to al the pats .
Fis , we thought that will be good to plan ees but it 's aser to make this .
Cleaning h forst is a fatastic dea becau when e forss are cleane , fret fires hardly hapn .
It il ae lots of plants n aimal , it will save th environment , so it will sv me an you .
Do n't foet tat th enironment is ey iportant for ll of us .
By saving the environment , you ar saing yo life
Anna knew that it ws going to be a er special ay for her .
She had a feeling th her irhday wo n't be oridinar .
Fr sure her frinds were preparing a bi surprie .
As a as she onsiderd , he find t that she ha a igt .
Firstly , just after she ad wen no te shool thy greeed her with million colful balloons with inscriptions with all he best wishes .
Then she ad to go for class so every bloon was sent to e s what made a beautiul ie .
Afe h hd finished r lessons , he boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nie trip .
ventually they came to e ak on te suburbs and then she saw somthig unexceptable .
Ter was a bg surprice - ary in th forest .
Firstly s noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday nna ! "
a then it turned o tht al her crew wa there .
Se heard the msic and this is h the pat stard .
It a really amazin day ul of pleasures .
Anna would never frge it !
In my point of view I rcommnd yu to sto goig to sport clases , ecause I think usi clsss are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or somethig lik ta .
Alo you n work su an atletic ad u a obtai a big amount of money but it 's als so difficult to gt the and you have to be the best of tem to earn a good amount of mony .
So yes , I recommend you to carry on wh your musc class but if you prer to do sports I wll support y also .
I do n't ow which of hm you lk moe u I am sue that y like one re than e other , so if u want to be a basketball plaer do n't give up it it .
I recomend you mre th muic class ut tt 's yor choice .
So that as my opnon about our problem and my recommendation t you a the oe that have to take a decision , so gd luck and remember to study ao .
Ths pojct is a Histoic Research on th relation beween Euo n Denmark , to disover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adeqate their ocial , ecomic ad poltica syst in relation with the new European currency .
With hs reseach I want to iscove if those changes helped Denmark protect itself fro h Eurpea crisis .
The Danish measures ll be also copred with other ation prformed by Eurpean Countries lke Italy .
This stdy project wl be developed stdying
-Danish an Europan historic documents an previous resach about the Euro ;
-d and contemporary anih journalitic artiles ;
-aish nd ropean Institutions uh as ECB , Euopen Commison , Dnish Miniry of Ecnoy nd Foreign Affis , ad it will be necessary to make nd analyse intervis to Danish a Eurpean politians , economist ad expers of is historic a economic ield .
Th aim is to trace te n political , economc d social sruture of Demark in relaion to te Euro and all t consequences .
To esre safety wering saety she is the most basc meare .
Besides , ifferent rining a diferent safety reqirment .
For example , in the lectr - pneumatic conrol traiing ourse , t operat mut wear fae ak when the mache is on to proect from hitting by the ub wit high presue air , likewie , it is also a eessary measur to strt the machine after you re uly repared with a face mask .
And he PL ontroller 's wires have be protected by the inulated rbber everyher except the onnection point .
In addition , wh peratig te vaable frequency ive ( FD ) , it is neessary to se another separate mergeny so button , which is easy to be ma out for unprofessional people in case of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be brn , with a cuse that use a scor . Imperceptible she mus become unt she inds a loe .
Tw - side it mus be , or le she 'll disappear orevr a a d . "
Eer since a cue was ut on Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been livng a daunting life .
A lie , being unseen to humans eyes .
Ailee as banished to th fors at th ge of 16 .
It was th urse tat h de her lie livig nx to h humans tog .
Wnever h a near a pron , he wou fee odios pain .
It stung er le hee were a million eedle inside her .
" Th fate gives yu a human tt ou cn bear . "
But how to get a love when y re invisble ?
The urse has a ood sid wich Ailee is enjyin a lot .
I watched a vie called The Hlp .
It a t sty abu black maids who word fr white families during 196 's .
T mve w stoning , om of the plot were rather hoking .
It is hard to belive ring the segregation time , bac eople were treated as a second - class citie nt onl in ral life but als in te contituion la .
The moie revaled th ironic relty and he ignorance ad stupidity of ome unkind people uing the segregation tie .
It also d sme am scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
Before I moved to Canada .
I did no know mch about African - Amercans ' hstory .
I ha heard abu slvery , discrmination , hate crimes against black people , bu I did not know wa really happnd at ta time .
No fom bok , movies , I knew some of the most influnce movemts , I nw Martin Luther King , Jr. s moe than an acivit n a ublc speaking mn .
I knew h first person o ended he segreatin at soutern a a 9-yar old ir .
It 's ha to imagine what they h ben through during th vil rights movemen .
It 's har to pt myself nto the boat .
What if I as an Africa- American , hat if I was bon durg the segregation time .
Wold I be brave , determined ?
Would I hd ehind crwds ?
I really do n't now .
It is really difiult to evn think of .
As if I c o iagine if I re a hoin of on of the enormous hoic tories .
What would I do for my ounty .
I s born and raised in China , eing a Cines , it is our oligation to remmbe what Japanese soldiers h done to us during World War II .
We earned enormous eroi stoie bout hw those heros scarified thir lives fr victory .
I have no idea hy we had to learn those legends which ee ful of darkness , torture n violencs .
It was the first day of Max 's Schoo excursin to he Paagonia , thy had arrive thee yesterrday ght but , oday was the day they would actually go exploring .
hey left rly in t mornig , evryon in the trip a very excited .
As soon as he gt to t base of the muntai tail everyone filled up ther wte otte a ban walking .
x was so anxiuos to see all h dffeent kinds of wildlife .
Hafwy hroug the rip Mx heard a ierd nose cse by and he dcidd to se what w goi on , bu before he knw it he was ll aone .
h ose continued so he decid to see wha was happenin , As he turned the corer he foud himse looking at a puma that was bal injured .
Ma di nt know what to do .
Finly , he decie to go bac to he clas tr ad let hem know about h pua .
He followed te trail util ial he was al to catch up to the class .
He wnt to the gude and old him about what he sw .
Th guide ecidd to go with Max to e se the puma r himself .
When they go to the loction the guid deide to ca th wldlie protection in tat area to coe help .
nc the wildlife protection were able to ep he pum , everyon congratulated Max fr his bavey an el .
ax coud not be happie . "
What and amazing d!",Mx whisperd to hiself as he to be that night .
e last docuetary I a was a documenar of National Geographic calld ean .
It was abt te life in th ocean and the consequencs of climate change .
The first thing I lernt ws that we are destroying t arh and , especially , the oceans .
Every ay , a lot of animals e due to all the rubbish we throw into the ocea .
Te second tin I learnt a ta we have to chnge the w of fishing cause the fishermen ki a t of aqutic anias , like dolphins or sea turtles , at they do n't want to kll .
Tis is because they dra nets aon he seabd and cath a the animls that are wimming in it .
So overl I oud recommend hi documentry to everyody because all the pople mst know what we r oin ih the Earth and they must learn to ook fter it becue we only hae one Ert ad if we destroy it , we wo n't ae n pce whee we cn live .
I onduct group n individual training on atha Yoga n Thai Ya ( Rues Dat T ) .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massae profesional .
Al my og lessons an massage sessions are coducted in lin with Correct Apprach to Spine ( S ) meho , so they are very sae and baed on scienific reason .
Safet and knowledge of the body mechanic are vy impotat to CAS vision as hy ge feelig of confidence an understanding to yoga practitioners .
I he more than 10 yers of experience in t fel of yo ad fur ears of teachng .
I h pactied Ashtanga n Iyengr 's style of ga and Ruesi Dt Ton ( yoga of Tai hermts ) , learned difeent approaches durin my training in India and Thiland , and my practic broht me to Classical Yoga - Corrct Approh to Spine school , which a of exersising I found the saest , th mst beneficial for health and scientifically rounded .
Because f me the practitioner 's sfey is the oe of h st important hng as ahimsa ( n hr ) is oe of the crucal principles of yoga .
née Kwakkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
Thank u or or circular in whih yo explained your pans with te Warde Park .
My hsband nd I appeciaed ey much ht you are recptve to nw idas .
As y know , we fequently visit your Health n Finess lb .
The siming pool is th favourite pot for building our condition .
a you imagin that we were a it disappointed wen we read your pla to build a scod sauna cabin beside the swimmig bath ?
I hope y consider t is in hs plan !
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it should be a better da to build a chaging oom with mo space at that rticular lace .
In additio , or roposl to rovide additonal uipment o the g n a wide screen TV for h snack bar d o gt appluse in ou ho .
The sac bar is ou reward at the end of l our sweating , b I ut aplogie that sometimes we leave this place ecaue of its long waiting times .
My recommend : do nt hesitat to invest in a second microwave .
My last , but not least , advie is for t gy .
Maybe y can consider a bit renewing hre th w lasses , such as kikboxng .
Thank o once aan that we were alloed to gi our sggesions for you wondrful pac .
If you ever do ed mo of ese proposals , yu can reckon us !
Kind gards ,
Dear Mr Smi :
I read your advertisent on your Internet Website .
I thin I am te mos utable employee for your requst .
I usally look after children and raly enjoy it .
My cooking abilities are o good enough but I can learn cooking qicky .
I am as go in organizing that I am able to meet a ot of people in a short tm .
I would like to tae a meting th you to explain to you my kills th mre detail and also I 'll bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hoping to ear frm ou on .
Sincerely Nuria
He loves searching th nt .
He urfs the or four hours each day .
He has contacts from Cape on to San rancisco and om Sntiago de Cie to Manila .
As ma young eople , Michael lives wit email , Whtsapp , Facebook nd smethig li tat .
T weeks go he kne a beautifu gir in Linkedin .
She seme a foreign sudet in Palira , in t north of iia .
They bean to lan sme adentures togther .
At certain moment , the gir , named Cis , asked him for a ittle a .
He must go to a certain ple , ecover a suitcase and nd it to Casablanca .
he said it wa a pesen fr is aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
Michael went to tke the cas .
He took the case and pland to travel to Casabanca next weekend , taking avantge of a ba holiday on Monday .
Michae booked the ti and arrived at the pt in Algeciras on Frida evening .
He entered the office to control te lggage .
A civil servant called hi to go to a next room to pea with i .
The entered .
Mchal closed the doo ad knew at that moment he ha mad a itake .
Tm d his campaign
A few days ago , Tom saw on the newspaper an article at talked about the polltion that is produce by th cars and the effects ha tey ould have in a few year .
Ti wou cause a gloa wrmin ausing t winter isappearanc .
The sae da he aked to h Scnce teacher if this would probably hape on a future .
The Science teacher explained to Tm ll the problems that wou provoe te global warming an he proose to om to do a caaign to rais abu he e of the car and the problems that would cause on a future .
To promote the cmpaign , om went to pek wih he dirctor and thy put in agement that all he ks of te school di a ew placards wi inspiring phrases to not use so muc the ar and ses more public transport .
Wn o hs rived home , he s xplained to thir parents all related to the campaign d hy hv been vy ppy
It h been a vy long day and tiring day , u o felt he ha acheved someing eally god .
Dear Sir ,
My na is Lura and I 'm 25 years d .
I come from etri Levante , a small ton near Genoa , on he nort of Italy .
I le just in front of the sa and I 've be woing in resaurans an ubs since I a 16 , where I learned coing and sering tales .
I am the eldt of ou rothrs and sisters and I have been ued to tae care of hem , when my parents wr at or , especially because I love babystting !
I can co an I like oganizing sports an different ype of activitie , so I thn I would be realy sitable to work for you .
I can spek English and Geman and I am a really ardwoking girl , alway hay and cheful with everyboy .
I attach my ngish C.V. so you c re my refernce and my pat experiences .
Thank y very much for you kind attention .
I am looking forward to heaing from you so
Kind regards ,
Lura Piccio
Hom of the future wll be dfinitely different from tose in ich we lv currently .
Mbe the shape of home will not hange as uc , as e internl .
Fo sure he main ro in evry hoe il play technoloy .
Everyhing will be orking remtely , lightning , heating - probably tee will be a possibility to programme everything by tme , da , nth and so on .
Kes wo n't be necessary anymore .
Doors will open by our voice , fotprin or reina can .
All appliaces will be eo - friendly .
There will not be a home without i - conditioning anymo .
Roo onfiguation and style will be somewhat different - mre glazin , more open sace .
Homes in genral wi be more airy .
he der will be more modern nd simer .
h ominae oour will be hie , but there ll be some eleents in more vivid colours .
Main materials wl be plastic nd meal .
Ufortunately we ca n't know that for oe hundred percent .
We 'll ee it ours own yes in twenty , ayb fity ears .
e ya o Robe Stomerg directed " Maleficent " , rm the fim " Sleeping beuty " .
e cast included Anegelina Jolie as Mleficen , Elle Fanng as rinces Aurora , Sharlto Cpley as Kn Stef and m riley as Diaval .
This film is set in Enland .
Te il is about Mlefient ha becme bad bcause she is abuse by Stef , he tru lve .
ater sfan becomes in an decide btte down the mac forest , where lives Malefent .
hen the daghrt 's Stfn , Auoa , goes to live wih three faires .
Maleficent fns Arora an they ecme friends .
Wn uroa is sixteen falls in sleep because Malficent has done encantment when Aurora w ung .
The three fairs lead to h stle a pnce , Phip , because he a to do t kiss of true ov .
After th Aurora does n't wak up .
Maeficent is sad a she does apooies and she kisses Auora .
e rincess waes up .
Finally Malefcent overpowers Stefan .
At te end Aurora lves with Maleficent in te magic frst .
The cst is xcellnt and e color in the photography is spectacular .
It is well wort seeing !
As I think , earing likes a weapon fo any individua which eabls him to be like a champion .
elon andela said , " Education is h os poerul weapon whc you a ue to change the wol " .
Learnn has no e , We spen all of u lives learn from circumstances we face .
Learning nt only eas to stuy in schools , universities , e .
But it mans to improve you kills , your talents .
Nowadays , you have a l of ay to lear and be beter in yor life a our career .
o example , oe of these way is the Internet .
You can use it to larn ny language or take courses in any fil from your home durng weeks or months as you can , wich nam self - study .
This a be easy ony when o are determined to achieve wht you want .
Alays ememer tat , " Education is wa remains after o has forgottn wha he as earne in school " Albert Einsten said .
is oposition is about e famous peron fom my countr .
Ths humble and famous man is alld Knta Kenneth .
I choose hs m because he was a significant player during t slave rade .
He fought for te libeaton of lvery in West Afica .
He u t Gambia on te world ma .
The Gambia is visite by may tourist becse of i .
Ts hs led to ay black Americn to visit the Gamb fo investment purposes .
Kinta Kenth was a captured slave from Naima uffera .
He ws captred whie unting wih his coleagues in t fres .
Thi was in 1879 durig he slav trade period .
Kna as cpured bease he was ryig to esue his friend wh s lost in he frest .
He can across the slave master in th moh of e rer Gami while looking for his friend .
He ran aay rm hem but th later capturd h with their dogs .
Kunta a sod to lav master in South Amrca .
He work vey had in th ugar plntaion or the slave master .
While in capture , he fought h rights of all the blak slaves in th campus .
He refused to work more an eight ours a d an he refused to tak ders from t save master .
He w rfued ith food bt he kept gog wt his srike .
He was later given the opportunity to lrn Egish lnuage .
He attends he same class wh her relatives of the slave masers .
He did vey well duing their ex and was gve another opportunity to teach Engls to other savs .
He was famous and respectful in the save apus .
u was later beayed by his sle masters .
He organis dmonstraions which urnd o to abolishment of slavery .
He died durng the demonstration .
u s name w written by l estern nation newspaper as the brave man .
Because of his efots that lad to h abolishment of slavery and te freedom fr captured slave in the cmpu .
e ambia is well known by the adventurrs and e touris .
The history of Knta Knt is part of our natioal hstory .
The staue of Kint is situatd in h etrane of Banu .
Kunta was nt only a reat mn in he Gambia but a heo .
Puli ranport is a public medium to bing people from e place to another .
In this era , there are many yes of pubc transport usg by peoe , fo example : bs , trai , monorail , lit - ai - trnsit ( L ) , taxi , an so on .
Most peop uig a ublic transpor to go to thr workplace a travelling around th city .
Some of h woers choosing to use public ransort th ther own ca .
This is becase they want to avoid h traffic ock .
Mostly , they e re preferrng to us pblic tranpot than the car because it cn avd the traffic block nd save tme to gt into thr worklace arlir .
It is aso c ae he one as the rce of the ticket of publc transprt is cheaper compared to ol ost by usig th c .
Throuh al of hese pint , it is not flty to say that is the plic transport stil available n ver usful in our dil li , eve there a a lot ypes of car , hic re more covenient .
so , ter will be a futue fo public trnsport because of s ow benfits or advantges to human society .
It is ver frendly trnsportatin here th people from all places , eet in e trnsort and the cn ke a relationship between them .
Additionally , the pollton , sch as aze , will be dcreased beaue fewe peple using the car .
As a conclusion , there is a future or pblic transport and it so convenient to ue it for travelling .
We wll ot have to orr abut whee to find a park f te ca and we can enjoy th rip .
ea sr or mada ,
I have seen your advertisement for the job of e USA Summer Camps advertised in e loal newspper on the seventh of Ju .
I 'm 18 ears ld a I 'm a fina year secondary school sudent .
I believe I 'm a good cadidae fr his o because I have passd the F xamintion an in a few months I will be tking CAE xa .
I aso peak Spanish nd Portugee due to th fact that I hae fmly in bh countries .
I am partiularly interested in this job due to the fct hat I alrea worked in ummr camps ( In Spain ad France ) fr two years and I 'm ver passionate bout bei wit childe . I wul be able to organise pots and eveng activities too because I have held in ma events at my sool .
Unfortunately , I do n't have mu experence of oring in kichens , b I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it out .
Wth reference to my character , I am ve orgnisd , fiendly d deterined .
I oo forard to heain from you so .
Yos faithfully , Laur
From : yo@mil.co
To : summeramps@bt.o
Subject : pliction .
Dear r Cnnigham ,
I am writn to apply for one of e positions of mp monitors you adirtise in the last Monday 's Dily ns , I am intersted beause this post il gv me compleentary experiene .
I am 18 yeas o , and I am qit selfconfident and a reliable person , I used to ta ca of my young brother quite ofte d I handle well with young cildrn .
I ve een rking in several camps durig the la year for this reason I hae some rlevant experience in this area , in addition I am doing a dgree in teaching at the Unversty of London , and during the last qurter I hav en in chare of a group of s chldren in ativities reaed to sport and cookng .
For a he different aspects desribed efor I believe I would be suitable r tis ost .
If y reuie n further information do n't hesitate to conact me on 6667555 in the evenings .
I wul be very grtefl if you woud cnsider my applicato for ths post .
I look forwad to earing fro you .
Yous sinerly ,
af Pn .
I 'm ot a sportsman , I like watching basetbll , tennis , football , bt my favorite sport is th runing .
A lot of people lke it , because I thn so , it is te cheapest sort .
We need ly an amazing runnigshoes , ad tt 's l , ok ... ,
we ned at leat 45 minute , per da , or at least 3 times a week .
I love this por !
r me it is like a meditation . I can think about everythin , or nothing .
Tis is my decisio .
It is very good for the circulation , the ruing hlp me to be in goo shape .
I do n't want to lt weig , I want to keep it , a I want to eat my favoit desser , if I wat ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 legs , ou can !
B a god shoes , a first tim 5 minuts runnn is nouh !
Do n't run o much d so quicky !
Go eey secnd day , r in your own rhythm , and the nxt wee you cn do mo ! ... an a dy you will rn a alf araton , nd o wl be strong , feh and so confident , lke never befo !
I have he pleasure to giv his essay to Ms .
Eliot , my special Englis teacher .
e restaurant I oud love to evie for he class is e of the most poula restaurants located jus na the downwn plaa .
It is aled the ' Egypan Cuisine ' and its nam actualy represents what it s to ffer .
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu hch provids enough dishes to cver all tates , as an xaple , their elcious fresh eggplnt traditional aad .
If ter is anythig that favors his esaurant , it s to be the quaniy ty serve ; a surely efficient quantity along t truly special qualit leaves hi rstaurant as one of the best in ton , if nt in e hole cunry .
What about the amazing eccentric atmospher hey have to offer ; ih a ulful liv ad and an elegant dinin se , their atmosphere adds up to th flavo of their fo .
In dditin to that , they will be be to ffer a connected tble that could ft ht whole class , prfessionlly med , he eeting tbl .
To cm to he pin .
This resarant ha to be t ight chce or two reasons ; fisty it offers a taditinal menu whch will ensure to cover al different taste .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers wl surey ke the class entertned during t entire dine - in .
At h end of my essay , I wul like to vote this paragaph and han my wonderful teahe f thi pportunitic chance to ofer my sincere oinion on the topic .
My thanks an I hope fr a wonderful tip regardess of the restaurant vote for .
My irt y at ACU came to me as a srprise .
In t er first clas , I wa asked quesion by h teacher .
It wa a very different experience to earnin in Kre .
It was nt only the firt las tat I ad to speak out in cls .
Athugh it ws nt eas to t use to sh tecing stye , it id n take long or me to ealise hat teachers were expecing from us d why the wre dog so .
Participation in class by asin nd answering to questions demands mre active thinking from us .
Nobody would aue the signficnce and effetieness of oern technology , haing reolutionised al pheres of huma les by providig a great nmber of remarkable virtues , such as mssproductin , infration and communication devices as well as mdicl nd scientfic breakthroughs .
However , it ha lo posed some alaming issues , namely envionmental destruction , and increasng uemploymen an halth concerns .
his essay ill attempt to analyse boh ies of this conroversial phenomenon ith som aplcable supporing ideas .
To bgin it , eviently , technological progress has notcably enhanced ndividuals'quality of lives , controbuting to t economic growh of nmeros natns .
To illustrate , machineries an t use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop masroduction ad raise h availabiliy and quantit of various tyes of fo , hang made them cheaper d me afordabl .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport now as Kabadi .
I believe may of us do not have a fantest idea abut hs port .
At the outset , et me tl o abu is port nd how it is played .
It is played in a x dawn on the ground in the size of a voleyball court .
A etre line prts the x and a ie is dran inide each box bou 2 feet from e lin which nds th box , ad this line is called proudly as Ellai du(Bder Line)in Tml .
There wil be 2 teams ad each ea consists of 6 players d the players sume te border line as their own border .
This makes h game war - like and ey specal to Tails .
Rus of ngaement re uite imple .
The irs an most importat rule is o do not t th opponent player ho raids your fid(th box)to touch your border(Border Line).The secod rl is You do o let the opponent to cros ve the ' No e 's land'(h centre line),when te opponent toucs th Border of ou's .
The opponent must raise a leg wn the other ne touces the border to tell tm " Lo , I am in yr territory".If the opponent touche h border , he a retreat to hs ield , no shame in that , u he do n't t ay points .
B before rereatig , if he toces anyoe aong tem a leaves their field without tting cuht , then Te raide gets a point and e erson who was tuched by the rader is dad(Out ) .
ah tam es opportuniy to rd other 's eld alternativey , and te first one to aid is dcide by t toss of a coin , as ual as in st games .
A numr is decided to ount the ead ones and hch am reache that numr fis loses the gm to the other .
Rule re petty simple bu te me is qute tough , ou'll hrt yourself relly bad .
It taks a day to coun h scratches on you body after te game .
But tht is he reason Tamils enjoy the game and he chesh it .
Why on earth do they love slits , cratches and scars!Are they sick ?
One an nder , ut we a fn he reason in their Sangam Literature , written circ 30 E .
It ays the braey of me is reckoned by the numbr of scars on his ody excep on his back , because he thoght to be dead in the field is f better than rtreating .
Thre are accouns to a about a woman o c he reas becase e found he son 's body pierced by a long arro par - le wapon in his ac rather in th chest .
So I lie th gam ecaus it eflect he Tami clture 's important value wih is giig hg ank to braery .
I love to pla e game with my friends in my village , a vry refreshing gm , I would say .
no exams or weddn or h firt day of school ,
one of my most ecxiting ay of my life as the 23rd august 2014 .
it c be ver strange ut i as very exited , because ,
on ti te the BBC released te new seris of Dctor who ...
It is a popular Eglish science fiction and it tal about he adventues of te " Dcto " .
the Doctor is an alien om the lant Gallifrey a he traels in l of me n space with h companions that re normally humans . in his eperinces he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
I think Docor Who is totally different ro other scnce fiction films , it always a done the unhinkabe , the impossible , hings that no one le has een dramed of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Poliebx ... it is mll d be utsid , b it is bigger on te inside .
I li Dotor Who ery much . I always dem to travl everywhere in time n space since I was a little child ! ! !
! if,(one d)I wl have the possibilty to do it I will go to distn galaxies an I wl e how the univese ban .
in my opinion this sei was wonderful and , i hope for th next one !
Hi chi Tình ,
Pleas be nfomed at all purchase reuests which he ee placed since early 2015 have ot been approved to process by th Managers .
h 214 expenditue for collections is aing out the lirary budgt in 2015 .
Besides , the lbrary buget in 20 is rducd .
For the ret of 20 , the library will o be purchasing a collection fo its budget .
A urgnt book requests are to be raised directly it your Hed of Center .
We ecommnd u to conside te electronic content aailable through these lirry subject guides
If u have an concern reate to t library buet a e aproal of purchase rquets , plse contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Snio Lbray Manager .
My apology f any frtration u may hav .
hank yo very uch r yo understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily nw she would ave to come to a decision so .
Th Headmaster hd asked hs scho 's teachers to egin a class in Enlish nd h was ne of hem .
The i queston was if se would ae been able to engage herself in this new activity .
Sh was trying to imrove e Engsh slls since September by taking an nglis ourse , but se had felt eself sill unready to keep a hle mh topic using thi language wt he Clil method , because she ws placed to the B2 level in reading ad ltening while in speaking ad writig t level she had joined doing a specfic tes wa only he B1 .
After thinkig a l about the postives n negatives aspcts of thi question , refers also to t qlity of hers teachng mehod and e tme she h to pend prepang te mah topics in Elish , Emily decide to accept the challenge an to engage heref in this ew adventure .
hn I hik about Te ome of t Future , I can see a lot of nw things tt could simplify my daily fe .
I thik that people il live more ecoogicall .
In he Ho of he Future eveybody will segregate aste nd take care of environment .
Peopl il have the devce ta extinguish h iht wn we leave e room .
We wil ha furntre that do not stain .
We as discover flwer hat irrigate themselves an maine that walk a dog or ws thm when we do n ve enough time to do this .
We wil ll hve vacuum cleanes that will dt everything without our knowledge .
Kitche wil be diffent to .
We wil have equipment ha will prear els fr us wih only one pressin a butto .
Then we wo n't dream about eat , Italian spaghetti because r stove wl do it beter than every Italian coo .
hat is the ki of house at I ant to rsiden in twenty years .
The answer on th questio depends on e fact in which lae you live .
If t place of your happy living is relativel lag cit , ou will sa indeed : " We obviously ned puic transport ! Everyone knows ht hapes on h strets in rsh time ?
You can gt stuk in trafi a for hors ! " .
It seems that if people did ot move yourself ly in their beautiful ars and te a bu or metro , e air would be cearer , t ciy would beom ls oisily etc .
On the ohe hand , if you iv in a sal ton or villge , your answer is : " Of couse , I prefe my own car or biycl to pulic transprt , if I do n't go fa away .
I have more idas where to tave by cr , as publi transport 's routes e "
On your atitud to public transportation highly ffecs e qlity of pubc transport itself .
I men a timetable punktuality , te interval to tne ex bus an so on .
At last , o b te crowd e in t bus or subway car in ru tm , ow convenient f yourself to be the , rather than sitting in our own air - conditione and perfect lokin ar .
at is all I woul like to y at this oint .
" Resoluion nubr e : Obviously will lose tweny poun . Number two : Always pt last night 's anties in the laundry baske .
ually importnt , ill fnd sensble boyfiend to go ot with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of t following : alcoholics , workahols , commitment phobic 's , peeig toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwit or prvers .
And especilly il nt fantasize about a particular person w embodies al tese things "
- Helen Fielding , Brdgt Jnes 's Diry
I was alys ascnated by this American traditio to make a resolution list .
It a someting e to me and that 's y attrcted me so much .
e idea of writing a blog triggeredmy mind as well .
The first st to it s my dar fter visiting Soh with my friend in 00 .
I had a copybo where I wrte some interesting cts about tat remarkable trip fo me .
Sce he I have been deamng about collcting my imprssins and memories .
As my sister constantly says You 're luy because u have a memory of a goldfish Y remember absolutey nothing .
It too me much to admit this again fac .
In contrast to my siste ( she as an extraordinary memory ) I forgt everything easily d ep looing fr new emotos and adventures .
A year ag an idea of beginnig a blg encountered me as advice fro an Eglish techer .
He recommended me to writ in rde to apply my Engish knowledge .
We … .
Myb it 's really time to make a rsolution and do begn wring it .
I 'm going to kill t ird th o stone - my log will help me to colet my memories and aster my English The thrd ird will be my ated to writg .
I hate writing ince schol .
It as a family raged when I o a task to rie a compsiton o my literature cass .
Sh ask made my family busy for an evening d anyway I alwys had a poor rk .
So my ear blg ( I had it 's th way I hae to interat with it ) You wl be abou nohig .
good
She : I decidd my blog wl be out nothig .
Just a blg ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lo I think I il win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing r vey ong :)
Se : sure .
I hav so mch notin in my had to wri about
Lt 's get tarted !
To ,
Manager
ate : Novemr 6 , 215
Dear S / Madam ,
With humb nd respectfully , I would like to inform you n your organzation that I am th appropiate cndidate to you .
I have recently finihed my undergraduate program .
Which is in sport manaemet and also have expeince of kitchen work .
I have complete 6 mots vocational cooery course .
I do pat - tim job at school hosel as a eacher .
I am 24 ears old young male , love to do chalengin task .
I am the best candidate r your job to execute high resut of excellenc .
If there are any possible options hen please iv it to me .
It will be my grat pleasure to bond with you d your orgnizaton .
If you could gie me a chance to orking wit o and your oraization , it wl be a great pleasure or me .
lookig orwrd to er from you .
icerely ,
Pradip Anand Khatri
The future .
No on can tl how it will be like .
e cosmic e , communicatons , easy access to the Iteret - a of these things will become common in th ditat future .
According to ese changes people ll change , teir y of lie will as el .
For xaple , the spread of IT technolgies wil change eoomics and the finacial ysem .
People wi start urchasing ll the items rm the Iternet .
New meths of transortation may peed up the elivery to th purcaer home an , as a rsult , it will improve the quality of service .
h e commnication netorks ll trnform the whole world into he big village her everyone wil be ble to make onact any person .
Te development of the sace technologies and companies connected to construction of h spacecrft m gie a srt to space touim .
The art orbi , the Moon , maybe ars - al will be much closer to mankind and tere ll be anohe great eap fo it .
I hope I il see such futr .
I ho it will be real for me to see w humas will land on Mars , ow this will beoe opuar .
I believe tat the public transport does n't have ftre because travellig by r is so much more cnvenient d comfortale .
hen you travel in you w ca ou do n't have to wit a specific me nd you can go omewhere but wh ou avel in public transprt you must wt to the time when the ublic transpot col atch you .
I think ht is he main rblem , ut you can also cange whre u r ging to .
In pblic transport you must go to the point in the ute .
Th seats ae more omfortale in a cr thn in a bus or underground .
That 's wh I prefer Travellig by car instead of pbic transport .
My dear ohn ,
I am very gad to rea this go news , it is the first tep fr the fia result n I wll ry to do my best to give you useful infomation for your inteview .
But bfor that , it is important hat you av a eneal idea about my company ; its business nd gals .
It open more than tenty yea go and still now is the ledr of chimcal sector .
Remember this is fundamenta fo each interview .
The day of th event dss not to formal but also nt to infrmal .
T to be spontaneus and not too much slced .
Also , it is nice to s polite and smile person .
Do no talk too much is a symton of niety .
h first ar of e interview is mainl about ur private life and study .
Maybe y can rceiv soe general information aout your last jo .
Do n't worry abo people h will interviews u .
I worked in that taff more th ten yars ago ( new employees recruiments ) an I can guarantee that fo t firt interview it is imporant ony to receive a god impression .
If y 'll do it ( and I 'm ure you wi ive it ) yu 'll eceie anher appointment .
I hope to have aid everything .
When you ce here sed me a text .
It will a great pesure to have a coffee together .
Goo lu fr e fture .
Rcentl I ae seen " Prisone " , a ret thriller .
Tis film is aout a kidaping of t little gils .
Everone in the vilage try to id th hildre .
Th main character is the father of one of the chilen .
Te mn is realy frighene and ti ituaton gts him more and more desprate n he a nt control his reactins .
I enjoye this fm a lt bcaus it atract ur attenton all th tim .
In my opinion it is so really exciting bcaue you are onstantly thinking here t irl are or who ca be e kidnaper .
I would rcomend " Prisners " to he stuent flm lub because it h the features hat you nt .
I believe that if ou r lokng fr an intresting thriller , this thrler is e correct oe .
However , there is a problem ad it is that the lm shos muc violence and it should no be sen by childen , only by teenagrs or older peple .
At ay case , in my opinon it is a ret fm wich an people would enjoy if they e it .
We hav always bn tyig to find or oigin .
We want to kno d understand what is happening nowadays d , r ti reaon , it is important to kow what happened before .
As the way I see it , to fid th orgin of laguges c be similar to now or n family tree .
Because th cn give us a lot of new iormation out us ta we did n't know .
On th ne hand it n be funny to imagine n reat the story of how everything happeed formerly .
u on the ther ad , we can have too muc imagination and to be disappointd with the truh .
Tat alwy depends on what we were epectng for .
In my opinon , there are so many things we ha to discover yet , n much moe we left back as we rgress .
Consequently , it wl be a constantly research on the fied of ur origins .
My favourite srt is not a spot as yu ma think of it .
ost pople who do sport want to be f an stay healthy .
Sport is connece wh moving a lo in any case .
My favourte sport is ifferent .
Well , it kees my fit , but not my bod in t first as , it 's good for my bran .
I play Skat .
Skat is an ol eman card gam .
You play it ih 32 cards and u ned 3 or 4 pope ho are ble to py it .
I enjoy plaig it so much because it 's realy challging .
Ever am is different .
There are so an opporunities which card to ly and hic colour is trump .
econdy , the people yu pay wh are vey different too .
I know a buildr who plays vey well n a rofesso who - mh - so to spak - still neds som ore practice .
I als each cildring at the age of 10 or 11 w to play it .
My hsbad and me play in to lbs .
If y are very good , you can take ar in cmpetitons .
Ter a German championships every year and hre is a egue , too , where teams of 4 ply against ac ote .
and of cose , peop play Sat in pbs and win some chops of meat .
I hpe u cn magine how much I ike my hbb .
I really ca n't understand hy hess is onsiderd to be port and St is n't .
It helps me to ta fit and makes me forget all e worries and stess of my work days .
When it coms to helin communities , people hold different aitudes toward whether young pole nowadays do n give nough ime to helping thir commuties or ot .
Some people think oung peope sed enough tme to hp their communities ; however , ther disagree with t idea .
Although yung people are required to help thi communities very eek , actually it is stll not enough .
It is true that young people e required to hl thei communiti by their schols or companies .
It is ls true that hese kinds of requirements really work , an ma communities a benefited .
Atually , hre ae mn communities still do not receive enough help , or an social issues ad events would not be discused again a again .
an reasons result in this phenomenn .
The ord becomes more and mre competitie , young people have to spend uc im to cultivate temselves to survive in this soiety .
oung eopl r o oly av to send much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , te aso have to kno a wide rage of knowleg .
F eaple , to be outstanding to eter to h bs univerity , student ave to prfor wll on their curiculu , uh as literatue an science , they also av to be good at music or dog exercie .
Therore , he do not have much tm to help ther communities .
Th alaries are no god nowadays .
To urive in h era of nflation of pie , yug peopl have to ge mre than on jobs .
he hve to do fu time job at ay time , and hav a pt tie ob at nig .
Needss to sa , if yong pple have to take car of their parents or chilrn , they have to mke moe mone .
Still , young peole do not have muc spare tme .
To um up , he world nowdys makes youg people to surie by themseves , a he do spend much tie to help other .
The Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rher thorny .
hi is n suprising .
hie William Shakespeare wrote is ays an made h Thspian art to fourish in ngand , in Rusa was very dim and iniser peiod of Ivan IV the Terible 's regn .
So , in Russian print t name of Shakespea is mentioned first in 18 .
First tranations apear in he d of 18th entury , but ths is no Shakespear actually ecause they a made om German or rench n the translators change plot as they wat ( d turn em into som tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For xaple , in ne of he " mlet " ranslations he an sbjct of the play turn out to be e relationsip between Hamt and Ophlia and Oelia in a mantime apeas to be a daughter of laudius ( obously to make amet torte 's completely uberable ) .
It is close to unbelievble , but at rst critis and educated people find Shakespeare de , unpoec and unpatrotic ( shame on yu , bid nd naro - minded peopl !
Once more into te breh ! ) .
But everyhing hanges quite aidly te .
T firs curate translation of Hamlt fm the origia is published in 1828 .
By 85 only six pay has eft non - translate .
It comes to fashion an becomes honorable to translate hakespere .
Russian society gradlly begins appreciating Shakepeare 's sil in porraying geatnes , ept , n complexity of a hum ein .
" The sun of usian poetry " , Alexander Pushin tks h English lessons fr the ae of bein able to read Shakespare .
An h drama Boris Goduov is certainy inspired by Maceth .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet ikhai Lermontov we clearly rea Othello 's featur .
An thse are ike nodes on e tre of akespeare 's genius .
Since at time Shakespere as ee on of ur favori rtists .
We lo his simplicity and veracity , we dore his multilcity a fants , we appreciate his straightness and udacity , we ize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
The surprse of the weekend
irst , I want to eplai to yu what happened to me on Sturdy morning . I d to et up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he tod me that he could n't co or that if we old meet up later how ou can understnd he ad me so angry because I ca n't t up thi kind of person who who is in la always .
On Satury morning I had to working nd I had to do al the thin as fast as was possible to be in the iy ctre at te exact tie .
The wort rt of story as when he told me tat he was oin to ae a lunh with h friends .
I o cld fet I could n't understand what was happening .
I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch togthr but he w going to come ater .
Despite all I tried to cal mysf don n I went to h ibrry until lara came to ton .
During t afternon I tried to ee my sle al the te because I di n't fancy ong eplain what was wrong with me .
Finally yeserdy at niht , I was studying in my room whn the doorbell an I went to opnd e door nd uside wa , my frid Matu .
Thi ac took me by surprise .
He wanted to exain to me what was the prblem .
At the beginnig I dd n't wnt to talk with m u on secnd ought al people deserve a second chance .
Al in al , He apologzd ad at e end everything is oved
We go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebastian and I wil al out Azl Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Católica numbr 30 , suburb Centr Histoic in Mexico Ciy .
zu Hitoico is a dffernt rstaurant and is loted in a patio of an ol building in the zalo , t type of architectur of the place is colonial and between th tbls r some trees , and this tres covs the diners when ey are eating .
When o r eting yo can look some birds who r in te res , so it mak nusal and different tis retaurant than thers .
he srvice are go , e waits serve excllent , he food is delicious , but some periods of t er the plce is ul of peop and yu ned a reserve or wait a lg tie o a table .
Th ct of the rstauant dises is expesive and the cost is around 150 - 3 pesos .
It is so difficu to chos three bes dishes of the pace but hese hee r so of e bst pical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chicilo Negro " n " Car Encipocada " .
" Carne Enchipocld " yo need to coose the et ( pork tenerlin , beef sea or deer et ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle with poatoes cmbay . "
Chicilo Negr " is a dish ad yo ed to cose some of the hree type of meat ht I ai , but this re accompanied by a ombnation of 7 diferent types of moles oiginatin of oaxaca and h last dsh is the typical " Cochinita Pibi " of Mexico .
If you want a different nd unique restaurant u need to go Azul Historico , bcause it as a delicious food , ome times have a regonal music n the service ar exellent .
If we consider the potentaity of this mens of communication , the televisio would be one of he mos impoant nvetion of ths at century .
On he other hand , despite the numerous ocumentaries , nw ad ultura programs which are passed on every day , aothr at that mst be considered is h incedible amount of the so - called rubish TV , which has bee impacting badly on te younger generatin , and e extreme vilence of om movies transmitted eve during times at should be cnidered as a proeted band o children .
Futhemore I should prbbly mention the enormous mount of advertisements tat evy ingle ay people are frcd to watch on thy ae switched on this bx .
In my opiin , the ral pblem of this potentially useful tool is u to the fact th television is essenially a passive means of communication .
As a atter of fact teeviewes are not able to decide e palipest , bt they still can deci to switch h television off .
Over the pt years , human have rneed an improved scientiic rogess ad hi causes a big change in h fe of every ay .
Fis , technology has radically changed he day ife of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary d in eery house there is more TV than o .
Conersely , wih th latest mdical dscoveres , dotors e ab to treat my of e worl 's diseases .
Finally , with t exploitation of w enewabe energy , huan ha an infinite suce of energy .
Well , there are a ot of different opions t I 'm nt gree tha the ffect of scientic progress ay be dangerou fr h individul .
Dr J.T.Revs
I am writing to app o the psitin of floor manaer in your large departmen sor .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied Intrnational rae degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing wih igh qualificatios in e London Ecoomic Scho during for yes .
I did a Master in Business Manageent in the prestiious University of Harvard .
Ao I ve a dgree in IT fo the oole University , I did that cure online .
I ha ben worin in Harrod 's uring five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in h Apple Ste of Covent Grdn as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searching te chnc to working you company becas I know that your toe is the lead in large departmet store in the UK n our compny won lst ye the prize of " Bes plce to work in 2013 " d I at to share my knoledge d my or experice to iprove your prfit evy yea .
I look frwrd to hearing from you as soon as posible .
Yours increly .
Iñigo .
Nowadys there are a lot of differn forms of conitionin that deeply influence pople so that he feel te need to buy specific brands of items , object , cr n so on .
F example , very ay we e invaded by act fo news on TV bt it very ten hppens that soe inforation are eft in the background whereas less important infrmaton are spread in their pace .
Similarly , on TV , during h shows , etwee a prograe d th othe we ae bombed by the same ads all the time .
For this raon , I think that every day we are continuously urrounded by wit information , ews , advertising so at we do n't have enough ime to think what is realy portant d what we realy need in our life and we can all be influenced very easy .
To whom may it concern ,
I am writing to yu regarng your adverisemen fo a job in the USA , called SA SUMMER CAMS .
I wud like to appy for ths poitio due to my experience in this fiel .
I am a 25 yea old girl and I he bee rking in smer caps in my counry duing te sumr tme .
My ain tasks we : taking ca of chlren aged 10 - 15 , organising events sch as parties , wmming cometitions , outside ports matche t . , n overall I was in charge of peparing an cooking mes f moe tan 50 eple .
Currently I am ry intereste in working in th Stes in order to improve my English lvel .
In march of 014 I g my Frst Crtificated Eglsh Level an I would be deligtd to up my level and t th Advance Lev nd this hnce to ji yr company would be a great opportuniy to improve my Eglis .
For ll these resons I am the most suitble candidte r this pst n my experiene is proof of it .
Please , do n't heitate to ntact me if o nquie a urher information .
Yous sincerely .
Goria Carabalo
The fim I would like to rvew is an d fim I 've alwa ejoyed : oung Frankenstein dircted by Mel Brook in 1974 .
Tis comedy , entirely shot in black an whie , is a parody of th clasicl horror ilms , in particular it 's a parody of those films bad on the Mry Shelley 's better - now bok , and resnts a l of element that gives this im a really hilarious mark .
Te erformane of Ge Wilder , as the main characer Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igr ( pronounced y - gore ) , and t ter mmbers of te cast is amazing and hs de Yog Frnkentein on of the top comey of l me .
ear Sirs / adams
I am riing cause I would like to achieve the ist Certificate in Englis ( FCE ) .
I tred ree times to pass th eam but I faild .
Do you n a ours which prepare for this difficult exam for me ?
I am looking forward to heaing from you .
Yours faithfully
The are mny diffren yps of music in the wrl oday .
Why do we need music ?
Is the traditional musc of a country mor mportan tha the International sic tha is heard everywhere nowadays ?
Music is a specia wrd .
It has it 's own rus , tools and he people wh r spcalized in it .
Over decades usc is e eternally art hic evlop day by day .
We ne music in ost of our tmes or ev ever single ay , to enrich u ays with happiness a joy , nd also to mt away sorrows or deprssion , tha ca affect us and pevent ourselves fr ing te best .
Music is a sciece ! e it is .
Which has many branche n typs , hos ar trditional : owned by any part of the wrld , ad he oter intrnatioal tys ht l people vr the world ae share it .
The traditional or local music of a certain are has it 's thumb prin on the persn of that at .
And te istrumnts used in tt ocl musc may vary from sort to another .
Bcause h people tend to make it fom thr own basic culture .
For example , In Northern Sudan pele hve been usd " Tambor " as a raitional spiritual ool r their sons .
Internationaly , h knds of usc r many , howeve , most of them hae the ame instruments .
In paricula the Piano is a niversal tool that is used by mn musicians as a primary cntoller of e rythm of the Orchestra .
st d not the lat , muic is a srt of tratment to those o a suffering , so rgardles of it 's tpe or ationality it 's a kind of micine to t sul .
An I ejo it vry much .
The pohibitin and destruction of books has occrred in historical periods as h inquisiton , the knowledge was anipulated by t powerf soal statements such as the Catholc Church ad moarchies since the knwledge throgh bos had beom a threa to continue underpinning their power thin the social pyramid ; therfore , tho pwerful social statements cos what books did not volate their hough in rer to transcrbe them .
lthough , some ideas were mintaind ; ( f instance , h astonomy by Galileo Galile ) e boo - burnng cased a delay in the nowledge beaue if boks wer buned , the knowledge could nt circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution ws created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutnber ( 1440 ) due to it elmet ae ccess to te nowedge rcvering sigificant books from lto , Aristotle and so on , autors agains political , religious ad soia issues ht srea hei ias to more people beomng awar of the power of the wrtten rd , creating social revolutons uch as the French n American ons .
In addition , it s produced the collecive rading through t ecclesiastical mtod wih he purpose of diseminating e knowledge embodied in the books to all social classs .
On the other hd , at present , eople idenify ather nowledge reoluion , te intene in which the access to the knowege is easer and faster eavng sid bok .
From e aboe , as f as I am conened , hn Frakli Rosemon argues th " books n not be killed by fire .
People die , but bos never di " it depends on t historical time and the technial revolution of tis tme taig into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technica revolution whc uppors the etrnce of te infomation ; r instane , in e inqisitin , h nowlede wa limited because it a emoied in books .
ltough thre was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political ad relgous thought of h speaker ; so , t most efcient and objecive wa to transmit te knowede s by books nd it was t possible becus of the burning .
Nonetheless , with t invenion of e prnting ype mobile , e knowledge was different r the aess to it .
If one book was brnd , thre were ten books more witout restriction .
In cntast , nowadays , the bos re ot necesary at al ; bcaus of the internet netork facilitate ve more the knowlee .
That is w ; I culd accommodate te hrae by Franklin saying at " the knowlede can not be kild by peopl because e knowledge is infinite . "
On actua ay what we most need is to find ways to preen childhood obesity becaus nowadays is a very common sickness tha atak more ad more children evrday causing hm feel d about themselvs .
According to t CDC th percentage of chilren ge 6 to 11 yes old has increased fo 7% to about 18% in 32 years on t Unitad States .
This mean ht in the ps te decaes obesity has moe than doubled in children , sm that ha dseases just like iabtes , ashtma , cardivascular ris factors , mena health disorders ad muskuloskeletal prbles .
This dseas is no jt bout all t physical and health consequences that have , bt also he mental ones .
A lot of kids grow with a dfferen way to think st because the dmge that e lttl ones can case , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the prinipal way that kid ue to annoy the ons tt looks different .
The best way we cn prvet childhood obesity is recmmendig all te famiies some dffrent docto that can help tem to give a saf if to their children .
Ntritionist re specialst ha kn a o bou all the types of sickness hat ca atak on the kid and even the ones that will murder them .
Givi tem t opportunity to tke car aut your situation will chan all you life in a gd way .
They mih be there fr you , preparing menus d a big extension of exercises that will help yo and hnge yur health d by only if you cooperate .
Nowdays a part of the people buy a t of thig th ey do n't need .
In is esa we r talking about above all with rich peole .
So money , tday , are really important in our life and in th case rich pple are vy ucy .
They hav much moey to buy thngs th they need , ad things tha hy do n't ee .
So it sees th these peopl can live hpply a eacfully , withu prolems , but this is not true .
In fact bve al about ri families e children e in rouble wth ther fami , abe al whe te have eir arets separated .
Also most of the cildren grw up poiled becse of the large amoun of moey of their amily , and they rw up with th thing that te at more and more things .
t in the oer side here are po people that aspire to become rich .
And the people do n't have money for things that ey do n't need an aso for things tht they need .
So in this case the mny ae or important th oter thigs .
So in my opinion toay we ca n't ive withou oey , but we hav to consider more to fel go th your amily ad wth yourself .
Dear director :
I would like to work for yu in the USA summer ca .
I ha ittle cousins and sisters so I 'm er good wh kids , I 've experened ll kinds of siutons so I think tey wo n't be a problema for me .
Aut the cooig , I attend an al - girs scool n I ve cooking lssons once a week .
I also like to bake cookies and ometime , my mom as me to tak cae of iner .
As I sd fore , I ve young cousins a we met on saturdays so I need to think of activitis and ame to keep he entretained .
I 'm ls ver good at srts , I practice trak & field and pgo pong so sports a n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdors person so I wi be vry happy wh the accomodation . I would be very thnkfu to ork o you if you decide to ccept my pplication .
I hope y hv a grat dy ,
Mrgt
Da Mrs Sykes ,
I av seen ur advrtisement on he internet and I wuld ke to apply for te os as actiity coordinator .
I am 16 years of g and ue to havn a sister I really lik workin with children and als know their intest well . I hae njoyed n practisd swimming since I was eight years old ad I av ao wo some ometition , therefo I beieve tha I am suitble o the job .
Furhermoe I go ogging eve Snday morning wi so friends .
My eason fo applying for this poston is tht I am goo on combning my experience in swimming ith my we knowledge of t countryside whih I hik it will be interesting for the chldren .
Yours Sincerely
Federica Chi
I thik that 50 years ago people culd n't ev imaine wha h life wold be like in our time .
Today , hman civilisain is changing at a igher speed tn an time in th as .
If this ill also be he cse o out future , hen I think that tday we underestimate ou futr .
I am sure onl about oe thing : technologies will ave a me impotant plae in r lives .
aybe in 50 years pepe wo n't ok as we do ow , intea will ild nly robots .
Maybe in 50 years we ill find t how r ran oks d we will be able to creat an artificial inteligenc system that would solve a or problems .
I woul ke to tink that in the ftue we will explore more he universe and we wl colonise ter planets .
Maybe by dong th we would be ae to find other civilisatons nd exchange technologis it them .
I 'd ke to think hat we il find a etho to travel throh the unierse at h higher spds than the sed of light .
I do n't think tha peol will lie forever in 50 years , bt I hope tt the lfe of our children will be better than ours .
Hopefully , I have chnce to be alive in 50 years , so maye I will e t futre with my own eyes .
Peter lokd at s watch and knew that he h to do soethig immdiaely .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital becuse she a to do a surgery a he told i to y some magazines or her , bcaue at th hospital she 's bred nd she could n't gt of h bed r a few days .
Hs mother was working and hi dad w ou of to and hat 's why she ased i to make her that favour and he culd n't s no .
So Peter went home to take is walet b bfre that he decide to tak a nap becae he was ird so he started to slp bt it eded up th he slp for er 3 hou and s moer started calli him at the telephone a h was really any because he forgot to bu e magazines fr i grandmother .
So he wo up and lood at his watch n knew that he had to by thm immediatey or hs mother wud be even oe angry than efre .
He oo his alet d then he ran to b the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give hem to his anny .
Unfortuntely e hopital w leady closed to the visitors so he hd to wait the ex morig .
A ANTASTIC FUTU
Will ranspor be different in e uure ?
Certainly it wil be .
u how ?
If we thik about the fture , some sketches of famous movies could coe to our md .
r exaple , we cld hnk aot some od cas tha a fly or bece ivisble .
But I do n't think hat in ten or wenty yeas the scienifc rogrss wl be ale to roduce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simple .
Actully , in my opinion , in h fure the wil be faster transport .
In addition , mean of ransport will be bl to rodue less olltion .
En if nowady people do n't ue publc transport , in th fuure te il .
And ho wll ou way of travelling change ?
In the fuure everone wll be able to go on holiday all roud h world snce the trnsport will be faster nd cheapr .
To sum up , I thik ha ans of transport in h future wl make our lie easier , both when we have to go to wor or to school and when we want to travel .
Transport ill ls respect he environment and natue .
Do n't u thik tha ths future is atastic ?
ine deade a preferred to e another w of transporting than his w ft .
In my opinion , ht was the main eason for wel invention .
Scentists oud provid in h past years new transotation tools fom cycles , automobiles up to moorcycle , motorcars , tains , mers tha has en usd to arrange ad accomplish complete ubic transportaton ne through t same country , and smetmes eceeed it to another cuntr boarder uo an agreement bewen thse coutries .
Many pple assured ha ey are preferrng using heir w cars , but they were beig forced to ue the Public trnspor o an reasos such as , te complexities they are facing th t drive 's licene , in addition to e fu hi os .
They were mo ikey focd than having hoosing it as an option .
e 's do n't forge e hrd ims during cold wather chnges especially in winter while reching the bus stations , or teir low chances of having a ood place to i , ma be another ipotant reaso tha ais h private transport scores than t public one , which is molesttion .
The n
ea Paul ,
I am writing to el ou abou the concert .
Last month , I enjoyed helpng at the Rainbow cncrt .
The aim of this cocert as to show tha l children are the sme .
I w invited to help at a concert by my nglish eaher .
I i a ot to mke this cocert better .
My tachr ske me to fn some ong bot rainbows n extract rom h bos about chilrn .
Moreover , I et to Vilnius primary sool d vites scholchildren to come to a cocer .
I h to ake o hunded invitation cards .
e cads inclue the programmee of the concert ad some photos of children frm all e orl .
I wa realy excitd but it .
It is a vey god ad useu exprence .
I gained a l of experience while organizing an event .
Als , I learned tt you have to be very ethuiastic and self - onfident beaus finding the sponsors or a concert is quite a difficult task I liked ha teachr trusted me .
I i evrthing by myself becaue everyone ha sometihng to do on her n .
I op tat I will se this experience in my future .
S you soon ,
Rasa
I ive in Kiev f tw years .
I wen many tes to different paces that I had n't knwn yet .
d no I c easil speak about many shopin fcilitis in my cit .
So , t 's begin .
To tart with , you must dcide , what kind of sopping do u prefer and how much mony you have .
If u want to go to h chea sopping , you have to go to the Teremky .
You cn ind many sps there wih second - hand othes you ate .
There e mn ood hings fom As , America n Erpe , of cors .
If you hve enough money for Kv luxury soping caled ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd raher go on Khreshaik stet .
You n ao fn may shops with brand , xpensive cohes rm ll - known world designers .
I like to go shoping thee wh my best riends at the weekend .
I ofn bu second - hand ol - fashined eans , skirts , trousers , jacets and shoes .
I think it is er good for students , if u ant to ve your mey .
In conclusion I hv to say , tha in Kiev yu an fd evething , if you really wat to .
So , good luk .
Art / Musi is less iprtant than science / echnoogy .
In my opiion , tecnolog become more and ore imprtat tan art whch be a neceary prt in our life .
Mot of pole in is old ca n't live withot techolog .
As soon as we oe our eyes vey dy , we begin to use ecnology such as alam , cll phone and light .
he mre technology we e he more important it is .
Technolgy maes us ay to connect our famiy , frieds d co - workers .
We ca talk to or family and friens immediately , which is ot mited by space .
I can call my dd w lie in New rk now then call my frien living in orway after irs call .
Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty year ago , I ould n't cl my family directly ad it is also nt an easy jo .
However , echnolgy made it esie t years ago and it became more comon in ecen ers .
It ca n't beiev at we kep in touch with our family n friends not oly vce and message u ao video call , now .
Technology is o of imortant part in r lie , whi has made life more cnvenient .
Before couter w born in ths world , we sed pper to st something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefore , we use calculaor to cout nubrs in a few scond .
In th l age we caclated number by or brain tat might lead to me mistakes .
O life a transforme into an easy a by technology .
Bsies , t grandest invention is ntenet .
I sit in front of my omputer nd I cquir nes around e world .
If I am hungry , I could order some elicious food online .
As a eron ai ' ' Sitting er a computer , you will g the orl . ''
It is easier to ontract entertainment wch could releas our stress immediately .
In mern world , stress always disturb our life .
Pressure exist everywhere ; fo instance , yu boss was angry and shoted on u or you shuld careull eal with the relationship beween you and your fater - in - law .
he ou ca n't bathe in your li u nd some ntertainment ; for exape , you can itened mus with your ellphone or watchd some funny videos aer all things that bothrd u .
It ler ur blood pressure and release o stress .
Tehnology enable us to tuh entertainment immediately .
Technolgy h changed our ie in many wys which rings many advantags for us uc as convenience , easy to conect frieds an easr to contract entetainment .
In conclusion , in tese three remises I consider that tecnolog and scien is importan rthe than art and music .
Sciece practical mprove our li .
Have o read y sport magzie before ?
There are a t of magazines in any ield of sprs .
In agazin , they r telling us we n se a lt of mes no tter here we are .
Devloped tecnolog , we can see the game wich apened in the oposite of the rth .
Tm and place re n't mater or people to ach the gm .
Everybod ha a favorite sport .
ccer is he one of the famous sport fo many people .
rld u has ben h worl famous festival .
People c enjoy ju seeing h soccer gm a they are eager to root fr their favorite eam .
Why te soccer as een on of t bs sort in the world ?
Here r 2 reasons .
rst of all , soccer is more actie than oer sports .
Activation aks peole exciting ad remember the mmory .
hs activtion ae us also enjoy seing ad la t am .
or eaple , American football always has a omnt to set the position .
To me , it is boig oit we I s the Aercan football .
I n ive yu another example .
Watching the bsebal me as bors me .
Sometimes , gm just finished with pitchr and cache 's catch bal me .
Other athletes jst stan there a watch the game ust like us .
However , in soccer , eery single player touch he all , even the goalkeeper has a chane to get t ball .
On this pot , there is econ eason I c s .
econd reason is at soccer inolvd for l players to participat into the game .
or basball , if hitter coul n't hit the ball , other payers would no ee to moe at l .
To me , ht is weird .
Players a on th sm ground and some of people are playing the ae d sme e nt .
Playing lmost 3 hours , om laers cul n't tuc the ball .
a we say thee player participating in e gam ?
I would not rather sy es .
If somebody wntd to play a soccer , I oud recommend tht he or she has to av a strching becae soccer is very active sport so always a a possibiliy to be njure .
Also , I wll say yo should wea e soccer shoes a socks .
Tos items will hel u not to be injured .
Drinking enough waer would be od habt to enjoy ot nly socce t as a ohe sprt .
Nowdays , mny people ave their w avorie spors but peole ae starting to ignoe other port excet heir favrte sport .
We ned to repet thr sport and other ople 's perspctives .
Soce could be o of h ring sot to ohr people .
Ana knew hat it was going to be a very pecil day for her , becau it was r 18th birthday .
She knew that r parents were doing a urprie for he , b it s kept in a big scre unti night party .
hen e came back from school , e arent and all her classmates wr hidin in a living om and waiting for her .
When h opened he door , t bos set off the fireworks .
Ana d n't understood what had just happened .
She loked arnd the living room , an suprsed , how many wa people there .
Th she thankd her parents , and started to eoy th party .
Her parents had organised many contests , mucal ad karok .
There were mny sweets , cocktal , fruits .
Ana s happy !
Te she n her friends went ut , nd walked trough all h town until early morning .
nna wa very happy d excited a thanked e parents heartily for this birthday ary .
She slept ll the day after this bg celebration .
er parents loked at her , and ty ee happy afr hr .
Their girl has grown up !
Dea Jo ,
I 'm er lesed wih your lette . I 'm gog to tr to give you oe aice .
In he Czeh republic here are any lace you should vsi .
The Czec epblic is wealh fo a history .
For examl , ours apitl ci Pgue tere are man istorcal builing like Carl 's ride , Cathedral of St. Vit , i clock called Orlj an so many hers .
In Pague is many good shops with clotes , suveirs n many god thngs to b .
If you prefe to go to nature I c recommend yo ours mountains konoše , eseníky or Šumava .
Thre is very beautful naure , calm and fes air .
You a go thee only for a wlk or for some sports ie running or cycling .
If y go to ouh Moava , o sold dfintely tr some vies or drink called Slivovice .
He is also an nie castles .
Fo example , ea Prague is castle caled Karlštn where ive Kre IV . or castle called Buhlvice whih is on uth - east of ur contry near the cy Uherské Hrdiště .
These r very nice castles .
Otherwise , he opportunties or a job here is quite a lot .
It depends hat job you would like to do .
I do n't know what to write more .
If u would like to k something or g to know more normation about some place jus let me kow .
Be rgrds ,
Pvl
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina an I am interested in yur jo vaancy .
To bein , I would li to say tha I love chidren .
In my opnion , we shoud bild a perfec wrl for them to gr up in a safe and environmentally friendly ple .
I have experiece akig re of children .
I am the ldes of my faily so I had to ak ce of my sisers and cousin .
I enrolled on differt courses out children development and rrently I am working as an au ir whre I he to sek English .
I participated in sport ubs of my High School .
Alough I am ery ken on rugby nd basketball , during he niversity I took part in the badminton clu .
And I just earnt how to play e hokey .
As I have said bere , I he to wach out two ds , whic includes cook .
Despte cook is my weakness , I always y my bet .
I cook ver d diferent and healthy dishes for e hole fmiy ad they love it .
Wil I have to cook my on recie ?
English wi nt be a probem because I know o to communiate wh young people .
Awaiting yor news .
Melina .
my favourite sports are gymnastics d martial ts .
i 've been practicing matil ts fo eleven yer but i hvnt lost the pasion I feel about it .
the fis martial art tha I proved was ta kwn doo d I pacice for 5 eas , after that i starte kung fu and i m sll there .
i have ben praticing gymnasis during 4 mnths n fascinated wi it , i li to be tid for oin stunts , and I also feel very heathy because I exercise dail , if s t gymnastics it 's kn fu .
I like those sports beaus yo need uc sregth and dediatin to be getting better , I like ng fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectaclar in ung fu you hve to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I nvited my friens to try tee sports a apparently thy liked , many dd not becaus they did not know well what it was t after living it fr yourself y realize ht are very beautiful sports .
Dear Sr or Madam ,
I tried to rnw my membership twice yesterday and there wa a esage of error bh tme .
So I ae up to try it ain today .
I rceived a call rom my credit ard admistration ts morning to confirm ad authorize tat payment , tellng me tha there were to atempts of arging my credit car bill .
After authorizing my credit car administration , I tried to reew it , ut aan thee was the sam message of error .
So , I d n't y it again , because I thn that tere must hae en a problm not related to my cedit ard account .
I am waiting or some instruction abou ha I hav to do n to rene my embeship .
Best regads ,
Amauri ijrina un
Owing a pet is popular today even if their home is in a bg ty .
Many eope ay hv pe of all kinds .
Owing a pet wou benefit all memer of family .
Firt of ll , a pet is a friend r he family nd msh bettr is a memeber of the family .
One more advantag of qning a pet is tha it hlp chidrn len to be responsible ad carring .
It is al god to opt an animal which it do n't ave a hme and fod a give in this oe and affection .
On the her hd there are a l of disadvntages of owing a pet in i citiew .
Pets an imals in general need fresh ai and exerce outside and not bng awas in an patment .
I have heard abou ps that they gt sick by liin in a sll apartment in dow town a ha is teible .
In my opinion it mgh ses goo to hv a t if we re tek care of it .
All in al , qing a pet in a bg cit mus be do carefully ensuring all tat a t needs .
Television can be able to boh entertain an educate at th same ti .
oo authors I think have to be abe to find h y to eep together these to important aects .
The first thg at I would suggest TV authors is fousng a e of stategic topics for an dvaned socit .
Environmtal protection for instance , or mor racically th correct u of e wter in r houses .
Anoter xample n be represented by the first aid activtis and so on .
e topis can be easily focused if we have in mind a moe of oiety where individuals ave a central rol .
Sveral ontents could ve an educative valu , for examp thse concerning our relationships it others , or our relaonship with ntue an with differet cultures and reigins .
All these topics by sin creatvity nd new technologies can be faced in a way to mk them soft and adapt to enterain .
Toy , I would like to tell you a shocking ew .
It is called " 76 peopl e confirmed da in Colmbia plane cash " .
I think some of you have already knwn this news .
Hre r some sic informaios bot h news .
A chrter plan carrying 72 assengers , incuding players from Brazilan soccr tem Chpecoense , crashed ear Rionro , Colombia , according to the country 's cil aviation department .
Nin crw memers ere also on boar .
The civil aviation agency had initially anounced tat si passengers , three player , two cr members , a e jurnalit , surved the crsh .
I thik it is a ctastrophe to victms and their families .
Recently , more ad more airpane accidents ocur .
Although I hv eer taking airplane , I woul feel wry if I travel by plane .
To avod accidents , government d airline cmpaies ave to do somthng to revent tragey .
Fo example , reglarly examine the situaion of aiplanes is needed , at th sam ti , teaching eopl how to ct wen fcing t mergency .
hak yu for yur attention .
rammar is the os difficlt part in learnng English .
ere ar w wys that elp us astr it .
First of al , u nee to preview .If you do this and you 'll hae a cear idea about what are you going to learn in lss .
It'll make you lan faster .
et , when you a in a class , focus on wh h teacher ays , she / he will tach you and ive you a clearer undersanding abu grammar .
A the will als emind you sme y points yu do n't understand when yo previe it .
In he cas , you shld take note d write down at is Iimportant .If ou ha any question ten yu should s teahes to hel .
hey'll be gd to hep .
At lt , when you learn some rammar concepts e new to yu , u need to patice .It'll elp yu remebe it and how to use it .
If you do all the thigs abov , I promise our grammar il mproe and you 'll mater it eventually .
I visit Spaniards rm quite often .
Uuall I am hee wit my rends or colleagues o a dinner or a lunch .
Next to Hmstead Heath , this historic In is full of character .
he eu is more than one woul expect from a b or ven a gastro - pub .
I le th variety of the min course selection and drinks .
I opd for a steak there once .
Surprisingly , he see it ith a half ut bon which is quite fun by itself , eve before you taste the dsh . Mashed potato is crem ad ful of uttr .
Meat is pefecly prepared , whther u orered it oody or well done .
Try one of te cloudy ciders on the tap nd you wl not be disappointed !
Taking ce of our environment is considered o many of us one of th most important thigs in our lives .
Nowaday , in rer to have t est or the actual d following enertions , hee are international common ways for indivduals to contribute to solvin environmental problems .
Recyclng is th a popular and an undrvalue method .
Everyoy know what separate ubbih into diffent bins mns ut , big prt of h societ believes that it is not wrh doing it if thee are people tha dos ot recycle .
I wld nswr to them tha , then , hw do hey expai al h sheets of aer , crystal and platic items th have been made of recycled maerals allwng us to sae tn of primal reources ?
avin energy is the thr grand method available to eveyone .
Usng it respective ligh ulbs , househod appliances and n oth ting that saves energy is th ony w at indiiuals ca help but , it is no effetive .
Although an ntre tow or city contibutes to svig energy in ther omes , it can nt be compared with t waste of energy that industries make .
In his cse , resrctions should be implemented by the governmet .
aking everything into consideration , there is a good arguent o supporting eycle , which is the following on : Th biggest waste of energy take art in prma reouces industries , if we reuse all the materials ht had alrea been exploted , we woud reue at east hf of its costs .
The chilis restaurat at 123 street , Toronto is really a great place to hag u .
T Srumptious ood served maks me go bac there ofte . if you want to hve a p smacng desst is is te ultimae lace .
Eveyon wi lve the appetizers n main curss ered there .
The spice levels are suitable fr everyone .
Morover e ambence of the restaurant is marvelous .
If you want to hae a iet cozy dnner you n s at e table in th coner .
Whereas if you a goin in there to party with friends or wath a game you get a table at suible ace . I believe that if we all could go to ts restaurant at th end of our course , we ill surely have a grea time .
Tody , recycling used clothes are pouar in Jap .
o sevel eas , a secondhand clothing str icrease and a t of peop ue it .
Jpanese people ae interest in ued clths .
There is invled wih a recycling spirits in o peiod .
In o period , there ws he sciety that was clled " super recycling - oriented society " .
Almost product n materials were recycled ad chnged new proucts .
People id this without special efforts .
It was done very natur in hei lives .
There re many specialists to repair , reccle and collect prouts in Edo .
Usd clothe ere sld by " gyosyo " , tat meas peddler .
In 1723 , here ae 1182 ecndhand clothig stors .
It a jus e nuber of union members so in fact , hee more secondhand clthing toes in Edo .
The ey pint why expanded used clothes ndustry is " imoo " .
Kimono has very smple sructure .
It a be made fro ued clothes to atch and dar .
noter point is hat , he cloth s more aluabl th now .
So people se a ih value on the cloth .
According to these reasons , used clothes spirits ok hd in apan .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the reccing system was forgot for a ng ime .
Howver , secondhand clothing stores are increasing recent yer .
There are mn secondhnd clothng store o .
apaese peoe hav e spirits of recycling and loving d hings sll no .
Media or also non as mass mea is o of t most powefl meas of spreading informatio .
It ges peope te opportunity to et to now wat happens all round the world in each matter sc as pverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
Nowads we an eail gt infomatin which we need through the Iternet , in the ewpapers , on the TV .
As European citizens we are boued drectl or indirectly with th loads of social prbles n isse in Europe so we have to acquire our rht of fre acss to information priaely ad randomly in order to st crruption , to cquie knoledge about u rights .
So that we can be active ctizens and hlp the EU continuing deelopng
Many yar g I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afterno .
It was the best wa to spe my fr time th riends .
I neve mind what kind of film I cul ee .
Only th pace was important .
Nevertheless Today I usually go to he cinema when I really an to watc a particular film .
My lies abu fims have chged too .
When I was yunger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cr when e hdsome boy kissed that pretty gl , or I w watin fr the special omen to say good b to the bd ones .
Nowadays I y to choose films th good actors or actrese , special scrps ad plots , documentary stories or spcial renowned Director 's films lk Almodovar , Snchez Arévl o Alex de la Iglesia .
On th e had Comedies a my favourites ones bcaue I ave to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on te other hand I ha to get used to go to the cinea as oftn as I c , ut I wish cinema will be cheap .
it 's a pity
I trongl agree wth a stateent th shoppng is n always an enjoyable thing .
First , here are often a lot of eopl in bigg ops .
Tee com no surprise tht it is toall difficult to find a necessary thin with a god pic in a defined time through a crod .
Once I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to b shoes in two hour . I did ot anaged to get paricular one , beause of ze , which som shops sudely cul not suggest as well as the quality of othrs d t seem to be valuable for ixd rices .
So , I i o by nw shoe that ay , despite taI s happy for gettg rid of crowd and shops .
Seco , shopping mal hv fu paes of dvertisement and lo songs paying .
Tere is no surpris that a peron viit a i shopping mal fer is ong orking ay .
He is tired nd becase of winter he ers a warm coat .
ht de it hapen ?
He hears different kind of ngs , advertisements for sales an this confused person stas buyg things which are n usefl to m in relit .
The prblem gs after the poblem d a rson starts to feel ck .
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is ttaly o to be with coat in a shpping mll in wier seasn .
The probem is tt a prso has to cary is at in a hd ner his other urhases , what is ot so easy .
Finally , not every asistan is able to advise o apropriate .
There are soe assistants who if you ask or eve do not k , thy art suggesting the best their products as well as t ms expensive ones to you .
This can ke your shopping rally annying , because some type of people need to chec by themselves in oder to evluate e quaity of pduct .
To u up , shopping is no always an enjoyble hing , because it takes time , it is often fl of eole and a prson can be anoed quikly by incompetent assistants , who eager to ep u by suggesting e most epesive prodct .
So , opping doe not lwys provide good feelings .
Hi jnie ,
I 'm lad yo moved , I haven't got roun to finding time to hre wit yu .
I 'm afrad I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm ey usy at ork .
The re plny of clubs in the town .
If I were u I would pick up the n in th avenue , becuse of the facilities
it has , uch as the swimming pol a the m as well .
rking out in te gym twice a we is enough as long as you ea eathy and of course you should forget tho delcious cakes you e to make !
I 'd lv to tach you h to swim ad the gym in the avenu is perect for tht .
hat about the Saturdy monins ?
I 'm realy looking forward to doig it !
I really do hope you get ed to the neigborhood .
Talk to yu soon ,
Sbastin
Th football
T football is te ot beutifl sport in the rld , it 's t pofesion dream of alms ll the boys when ty ar kds , hen u play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Mess , or Cristiao Ronaldo or your favuite player of you tam .
It 's the fnniest spor in t world , kicig h ba , yu a kicking h bad enrgie of ur lif , you wil be infected of psson .
But t pasion is not ny whe you are playing foobll , o cn incremnt our passion upporing a tm in he gd tes an te a times , oing to the stadium , and en or team reach the glory , y a al feel th , and in this momts y ae the happiest peon in he wod .
So I invite yu to join the love n pasion when you feel when you ar playing or watching a matc of football , an if you hre ths lov with another person th passion increases a lot , your feengs re in thir hige leel , in his spot o can feel e glry , an in he next secon y a start to r because you 're ea ca n't fins the way to th champonship .
ere are lts of interesting sports but there is normally one that y ke the most .
In my case is no reall a spt in itself , it is a utural activity which eeds a bi phyical effrt .
I am talking aout dancng , specifiall ballet .
I consider it ne of the bst sport an cultural ativitis bause o ep fit at te ae tm ht you express yourself making an rt stuff .
For dancing o ed some mental a physical ills , ut one of hm are as hd as people thin .
You have to be a discipline an well - balanced persn , that 's it .
Bt characeristics wil he you in other te of tasks and ill iprve your fuur velopment .
The start is t hardet part considering tat you ody is t used to do this nd of sor ; however , one o are in it everything bcmes easier nd y eel healthy ad much more active .
So , if yu e starting it , do n't ve up because of difficulie r coming , js elx n be aware tha o n your bdy rquire tme to dapt to this ew activiy .
ou will ntice how the mproements cm up without thinig o much .
One of he things that I enjoy the most is that you danc in a group therefoe you meet people and you c make a friendship after a while .
You mu not be in our w , othewie you could not dance in a company , so ht yu share or passion ih people that feel th same and tht , ak a stong relationship forever .
I encourage vryone to try it , I am sure you will becoe a better person .
I did not fn it hard at all , as a matte of ac , it was esier thn I thought .
1 . I guessed I had more fleny at writng , which suggests w wel I 've impove .
2 . I di n't get stuck often at thinking in which word I houd use , which ga me enug ime to fish .
3 . I rot te enough quantit of words required .
4 . Everything was ept nealy .
Aythng was found difficult nor strugling .
I did my best a I succe in getting a 5.0 .
Neverthlss , I oud like to improve some skills nd alhouh I di very wl , I still g confused .
1 . I overtought every so often , becase I was t sr if wat I was doig was alright .
2 . I ould st thinkng in Sanish and mre in English since translting ight be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE POR
hoosin a port to practise is a complicated thing . ou should hoose somethng th you enjoy , bu at the same te , somthing yu can afford to pay for .
As a relt of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Although you may thik that is a dangerous spo , whih can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in t water mae it wrt the danger .
If o ae oing to start pratise it , I would recommend ou to start taking lessons wt an expert instrucor .
It is er impornt to heck t equipment first .
If a not usd to do it u can make a mistake , an then it is when the prt became angrous .
Aft a few lessons yu wil be ble to go divng on yurself ad enjoy he ensation of freedom ta provides you is sprt .
It is ie you would be solated from the word , us you and te can .
I av to sy that it is one of the most amazng feelg that I have ee el in my life .
I encourage yo to try it .
Without any doubt our life is cange quickly and we do n relise about ths .
ow will be our lf in the future ?
To begin with tis , the main change il be the use of eewable resource instad of fossil fuels .
Nowaday , pepl is are of environmtal problm and they will try to igur out .
Fr example , ll future houses will use slr cls to produce electricity .
Mreover , there will be important thecnoogical advaces in ou lf , li as intelligent mobile phones which coud elp us ith day - to - a task .
Not nly ty will be used to telephone , t we cold ay wit te .
he wil cntrol our empty fridge a if o n ot of ay vegetables , your mbile phone wuld warn yu supermarket ad they would ring it .
Hever , Robots will not eplace huns in th daiy tasks .
So at , we hould carry on dt cleaning or wsing .
Altough , cars il be btte than now , th il o fly yet .
The streets wil be plet of rs in te rsh hou .
To concle , it is imposible to rgue against the ac ta peple 's live wi chage in the nx years but , these hages il help to improve our environmn and u diry ie .
It is ofte said , tat sopping is a lasant procedure bu sometimes it becomes botersom .
Hweer , tre are situations we do ot find enjoyable at all .
I will mentin ome of the reasons h d whe hopping can be unenjoyable .
Frsly , wn we do t have enough ime in he moring to go shopping , we hve to do it in the evening he mo people go d buy hings tey need .
Shopng m ause frustration mainly , when we ha to squeeze through the cowd .
Seondly , soping definitely become unenjoyable hen we are not able to fin podcts we wat and desire .
On the on hand , overspending ney .
Sps s a t of tric ways to encorage peple to u more than ey ed .
Nvertheess , poeole tr to save money by eery conceivale means .
To conclude , we have to know hen and to which shop we ould go to avoid stresfl ad not enjoyable situtios .
Probably one of t mot dcussed opics - globl warming , is also ost serious issu ; ord is facing oay .
Researchers hv oved hat human activities ch as industrialization , deforestation etc . n tiggr globa warming .
In thi topic I would be highligting me of the daers of clate change d different was through hich govrnmnt ad dividual may help to overcome ti challenge .
One of the mot ident effects of global wming is the eletion of the i at oth & South poles , in turn using sea level rise and encrahment of and .
Tse phenomnon caused sious damages to ecosystem and s life .
Furthr , contnuous risi tempertur is impacting weather pattern and leading to ntral disasters .
There a scientifi evdences , tht calamities lik arina , Hu - Hud cn be linked to global warming .
As gobal warming ca hae such erius impacts on ie on Ert .
It is hg ime to ntrvene n ak action .
overnment can dctate stit nor to control pollution a rbon footprints .
For exampl , governmts ca mpse limis on emsions by manufacturing plants ad orce industrie to help in orstation .
Individuals cn also py their art in controlling globl warming .
For example , individuals c redce use of th plasic aterals , us public transport to cotrol mission , recyl ast mateal et .
To conclude , gloal warming is serious conern which cn ot be igred any logr .
Governnt & Individu th have ro to la , in facing this bgest challenge of th Tie , Earth is faing .
Dar S / Madam ,
I am writig to pply or a j in smer camps .
My nme is Stela , I am 36 yeas old a my Enish is vry good .
I am a ery hd working person , oganied , cam and friendly peon .
I ave tw kids on is 8 years old and the other ne is 10 years o so I have lety experience with kids .
I believe I have te skills , knowledge n expertise yu re looking for . I have workd fore for my local community r 6 yers whe I was ooking for my children too .
My sk there were ry from orkng wth children of l ages to organise events , sort activities an evenng activities . I lo helped with claning h ctre , helping in h kithen wth coking and working clsely with clients an custoers in our Cé .
I ll love to wrk in a summer camp as I always enjoyed going on camps with friends and fily .
This wl be a great experience fr me to work so close to h countryside .
I look forard to harig from you nd hope you will invite me fo an interview .
Yours fathfully ,
tela Volo
Mchael is an editor in an internaiona student magazine .
He hls a shot stor compettin to impove students ' writing .
He hoped a lot of students uld join this actvty so he makes a rule wic is if u ake your friends ' writing ou can get 1 dolla per writing .
T message as oste on the wsite .
While I watched th message , I wa excited to fin my fiends to ener this competition .
I thogh no matt who wins the competition , we al mus t 1 dollar r riz .
u my fiens ere n ntersted in ha compeitin , thy tught writing is boring n t 1 dllr is sall .
I old hem , you ca jus wri no matter wha you write .
Finll , he copied my rticle in hi competition .
hey only an to g the free dolr , do n't pnd te to focus on h writing .
Oe day Michae entered his company ad his employee haply ld him , we got many resonses .
When he red te content of artcle , he discovered many of them r similar .
He ws sad to go to his fice .
Michael closed th or and kew at that mment he ha make a mitae .
Aademi ultre rers to e attitudes , values and tha are shown by te peoe w work or study in univesities .
Aft I joined AU ( Australian Cathoi Uivrsity ) I hve fund vst differences in teaching methd between Nepal a Australia .
In Nal stdent study individually , do not as questions wh h tur vn if they ae onfsed .
Manwhile , Austraan education is ased on maing sdents lern new ills .
Students need to have an active participton in dscussin with hei peers .
Besides , studen ar abe to rais uetions with the lecturer because they c exrss tir opinion .
At first I felt difficult , sresed while studin in groups used to hesitate whe sharing my ideas , pinin but now I am familiar wih te acaemic culture .
Acaeic culture is challenge f ma studes fr effective learning .
Peer learning is a small group of the to iv students who are kept together to discuss the content nd cary ut educational activities in mutual engagement .
( Fser , as itd in Stake , 21 , p.2 ) , Pr learning is a wo way learning roces in which members of group eel eier to discuss te content .
It heps to knw the importance of group ork by giving a receiving eedbak on particlar taks .
According to Hamp ( 200 ) , th goal of EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach tudents relevan study skils they need hrughout heir degree .
It helps to hre the ieas , nowlede , amn e studens and mk hm think crticlly , by using form language whe writing and so on .
In conclusin , th adoption of Australian acadmic cuture has developed strategies for my lernin .
I have become an iependent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to te tutor .
In t future I il enhance learning strategies by orking actively in roup .
I wnt to talk about a rstaurat calld " Bierkeller "
It 's a resaurant lcaed in ila General Belgrano , Cordoba and h specilization of it is erman food .
You have a the kid of geman food you n imagine , fom sauages with chuut to Gullash with satzle .
You ae also common meat and basic fod if yo do n't want to tr oth type of ood .
T restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a norml size , wih mn space and ery wl decorated , y ve many photos and paints to se .
ot of the pants d phto are fro Gerany , because ha town was ccupated by German pple mny yeas ago .
It is also qie , so it wi si perfectly for the class , we do n't tl that uch neitr mk boherng noises .
People at e restauant ar vry id , the reat you in a very polite way and is worth ing there
If we go to Biereller we wo n't reret an we will have a great tim tryig different types of fo , learning myb a little bit of the hisory of t own d be apy as a group
Almost everybody has eve thought of taking a gap ear between leaving shol d starting university , but we do realy no all h advantages n dadvanatges tha it entails ?
rm one hand , a big part of global polation consid this year off a way of learning an experince while you enoy travelling all roun th orld and yo get to kow people from a t different cultures .
Nadays , eployes ae looki for experienced people o knows how to adapt to al the dfferet situations you n be invlved in , uch as an intenational lcture or a dificlt plight .
It is also said ht at he hour of eading to college , those pple who he aken a ya off a the one who ha less difficulies to learn an rlacionte with other stdents becaue hey have d use to it before .
It is a fa that tos w sped a year brod wrkig on smethng , ty can sav money o university and hey becm more independent .
But taking a year of a it downsis as we , like the time peole wat working on something th are not going to do in h future , because ih any nd of exraurricular studies , peole strangely fid a good j .
ha is why it is recommended to wait until you finish niversity to look r a o .
Aother fact that shou be highlighted is that while you are wrkig or a year , peole from your ag ae at university , d that means that they wl proably fish hir degree a year earer th y , an his cou be an iconvenience r o , because you ill have to hv a year younger lasmates .
The important thing is tat you are gaining sklls ta o can aply for your utue creer .
Mny automobilindstries re worin o a nw future of automobils .
For many ears Ape , Gole and sevral traditional automakers have been rnning prototypes , hic re drvin from slf ad nobody can ster the r .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or bane to us ?
Some people arue that his n dea of cas is a milestoe f us nd it wl bring only positi efects with it .
First of al self driving cars are ood fo pople who have got a andicap .
At e moment eople o has t a handica ca nt drive a a on tirself .
This ve got a evastating efect r her independence d frey livn .
When thi people ca rie a sel driing car he feel mor comfortabl and e can lve mre freey .
However , it is also important to rember that pope with a handicap hve o the sm rights and chances as pele without a hadiap .
Similarly imorant is t act that self rivng rs are mre sfier as no self drvng ca .
The rising numbe in daly car accidents rase an mortant question to al of us .
Is car driving really fe ?
Self riving cars are steered by a ery moer sotware and thi software is so exactl tt e number of accdents will be decline .
In contrast sef driving cars e very expensice ad much people a nt buy it .
elf rivin cars r very modern and drive with a very highly tecniclly softwar .
Rch pele n buy it but peope of he middle clas not .
In e futur tis a ma a highly ap btwee por nd ich peope .
This is he reaso why self driving cars an be in he ear fuure onl something for rich people .
he automobilindustrie ve to ork on a pan th self dring cn be boght by peple o he middl cas o .
We this wil be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our fe .
he Reading museu in Berkhere h visitors from all age gous , but particularl suitble for young eople who need help fr school rojcts or want to ake up creative things as a hobby .
They ave a number of worshps for young people fm beginr to mi - professional , nd mst of tos are nt so expensive .
u ca learn various interesting at - wrs such as painting , photoraph , ceramic , from h lifework professionals .
I 've taken ' ceramic cuse r beginners ' once .
Atully it s fun and I oud ake a t of friens .
You ca n't miss he stylish cafe in e muum .
Their unch mnus ar gorgeous d he price are reasonab .
You can also enjoy a uiet afenoon in h cae if you go ther rund evenng .
I really recomend vey young pople to visit here nce whe you have tie althugh it mght be ette to avoid the weeknds
to : miss anaa
fo : candela bergamaschi
sbjet : the transports of my local area
da : 4th ue
introduction :
as requested , i he invetigate h featurs of the an mens of transports which are use in my local aea .
my findings ar presented below .
buses :
buses re the m trnport in my ae .
these are very cheap and people who do not have a ar use it to move everywre . hwever , th transport isnot so comfortable ecuse sometimes o mst travel with lots of people .
cars :
people u tir c fo rvel a ong o hot distance , ts is eall comfortable because you a manage the spe nd where yu ill direct .
anothr option :
wen you are o keen on travel by bs d u do not want get th car out the garage , the taxis a be te bt option .
the e the cmbination betwen buses and your on car .
conclution
I believe that thee huld be more buses fr the comfort of people .
hee are several options to hoose , but the oice depends on each .
My favorite spt is Football . I like it because it is a port ht does n't need a o of means to be play .
In my outry or istance , people starts playing fotball at the vry early age .
The only tng ey ne is to have a ball and a piece of land .
Everybody can pratise football .
The other reson why I like practisin football is because it is a collective sport .
By layin foball , you et a lot of peole of yur age and ake ome frends .
Finaly , football is like al sports very gd fo health .
Playing fotball at a rgular bis helps to minain a god health .
My adce to peop h want to ay footbal is to be passionate , to lk and feel fotball .
As I said , it is not mandatory to hve all e dedicated equipment but it coud hp .
They also ve to rememer tat it is a ge of ontcts .
So , it might cause some injuries .
And for those o lie footbll but are scary to ge injued , they sti hv the oppotunit to watch games on TV and play ideo game consoe .
It is ommon to see dring sumer many people in prks practsing pots , like runnig , biking , or just dig evey kin of physcl actities .
Thans god , I liv riht in e front of one big par .
So , when I wake up every morning , so pushed because I am a ry ctve eron , I get suc a motiation to go ot d do somethin .
I sometimes prctie bing , running , or ven dancing on sday .
I pracse also wiming in my apartmet 's pool , and surfing he I manage to get to the eac .
Bu , t only in sumer I practise sports , oce in winter I patise als f sports , like skiing , snowboarding , nd Ice skating , mog others .
So , when my frends ask me which is my favourite sport , a roblematc decisin coe to my mi , simply because I ie them ll .
But one of the sports omes to to he o of my thoughts re ften : Running .
Why do I enjoy running ? .
I do not ave a quic aswer , but I can slide some deas .
First , running is cheap .
If you want to practise his prt , u can simply take a couple of sneakers , and any light sporswear , and start to ru anywhere .
The is no nee of expensie technical clothes , or special ilds , us u , and a place ae nd with enough space .
Nonetheless , if y really want to t into this sprt as a po , y can get to nvest a lot on clotig and gadgets .
Second , runng is simpe .
Yo do nt need to get y spcial training wen you star to run , you know it since you are a child .
Ta said , rnnng is prbably e easist spot to practise .
Nevertheless , onc u started to practise rning , d want to reall ge it it , ad mproe , I do recommnd you to tae care of your health a to ind professional assstance .
Injuries my happen for practicng it often if y do not ko the w you step , or ou do not take t ncessay ie to et th rsistant tha yu ody neds , for exmple .
Faos people , such as politicians and film stars , desrve to ave a private li without journalists folowing tm l t ti .
The relationship between faous peole a ornalist is an attractie focus on our soiety .
In my oiion , it has t side .
On th oe hand , withut thi career effect , the would as normal as we are .
Famos people need a le , family , entertainment and support .
Sometme , they re happy , sometmes hey are sad
ik we l ow tecnology is making h best of it .
Povidig us neds that in e st were n't .
The oiety is growing and as it gros it gs mr usd to techology bein everywhere .
Public tansport is usd every day by millis of peope .
The mayoty ; youn or old age , since they are n't old enouh or ty are o o to drive .
Driin is t reasn why adult people do n't ed to use as much public tranport .
Te just prfer to travel long or short istance in ndividual transport , nown as r .
Tis is eause tehnlogy ha given us this oportuniy , and as time goes by more nd betr moifications are made to ar .
hih tends to cat r attetion and waste ou money in a wa that c me avd up , in ths casse sig public transport .
Tis is happening now , and we e nt eve fully devoloe in tcnoloy .
Imaine th fuure , will ulic transport tll be use ?
Wl it modify u soity ?
il it be god , or not ?
That is something we have to work on .
IN helpin our society grow , but not too much .
Just hat we ned .
Enoh to li .
The purpose of this repr is to assess he best an he wst aspects of Atie eisue Club .
cive Lisre Cu 's ym is a moern built building .
The clients benefit of professional coaches , who tin thm in order to perform h exrciss corrcly .
There are appliances as treadmills , biks , weightlifting and ma others .
Although , the e not showr , n is really is a ngative aspect .
ou hold uild one to improve t popularity of yur leisre club .
Toe people who s h sp ca benefit om tratmets of the highest qualiy .
However , these services r ey expensive , a t everybody an afrd them .
Yo cod w he rics a little t .
Ta way , everybody oul benefit of yr sp .
In te club 's sots hall , peol ca play dffeent sports and hav fun wt their friend .
Anwy , thir children do ot have a speal plac , so it wold be reommended to arrane a saf place for them to play .
I he that my report hepd yo , n Actie Leisure Cu will improve is facilities .
Nowadas everye h read a book .
There ar plenty of chice , nol , historic , drama or comedy .
Alo , there are diffeent form to red , I mn , o c read a book or an eboo .
anity ir is a oo eampl for a book full of surprise .
You e reading and thnkng what ll haen .
But somethig hppns unexpectedly nd the nw chapter is comletely different what yu hd imagned .
Tose things me me say tha it is a good book .
Te acon involve yu and you can stop reading .
Te writ mnge to catch all yu attenton .
Tht is a wonderful capacity of som good writes .
This bok has a very flent plot what mkes tht Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
In my oiion , a god book ha to hv surprise , h to have a good pl , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to invve you .
We o read a bo yu ca n't tp to read it
h ast CD I bought w ritey Jn by Britney ears .
In is CD , the Siner expsses all her feelings and told us bout r lat experices durin recent years .
Firstly , yo can find songs abo her cildren , lack of affection , broken heart ad ome commercial song which he an interesting lyrics .
Peop old think that if you u is tye of uic , you will wste your mony d it is us commercial mui .
Hoever , rm my poit of view , it 's t rue .
Wen I listene this CD by t rst time , I col snse how the singer bak ou in these song and how many apets of her ife toght her to grow up a lttle b more each dy .
So , I would recommend th CD to other pepe cause I think th the cod me h signer depply throug the songs wic compos ths amazing CD .
Time pasd and Jon ha an unimaginable inspiration ith hs expeiment .
He ad to apply ll s knowlede to mae somthng cncret , wh potenial .
ne nigh he went to a party with his colleagues .
He thouht it wl be good to dstracte for a whle .
It was already nght when he a in Luck 's house ( Luk a an ol friend ) and al of them were talkin about lie things , but then uk remembered tat John was working in an experiment tha he di n't know what ws it about , so he asked Jon in front of evryoe :
-So , Jn ! How is it going ?
I heard that you were wokng in an experiment !
- Actually I am still workng on it !
I worked on it very hard en thogh it was very complex , d my purpose s hat it cod gt adited by h inspector , nd wn I sowed it to him he od me hat it was good but I a to fx ome deals !
-He said .
-Oh ! Really ! I am gld th you 're doing wel ! -Luck said .
en ete listened ha , he as interested in knwig about John 's xperimen .
He ad the insight that the experiment could be something ital to hun life .
Ptr 's career a similar to on 's .
He asked him if he ould ork with m and tat he knew ometing ha uld lp his devise to succeed .
oh accepted h help a told him to go to his laboratory .
As time passed Peter and Jo gradually became mr los to ach oher .
Afer ur mnhs of ha work , they took te experiment with all he information to ispction .
Th inspctor finally accepted their wor and tld them th now hey h to be patient beause ty will goig to reproduce may of them .
They wr ry hppy .
Tey dcded to design a vertcl fid to expnd the laboratory .
John daw a setc to se hw it s goin to ok .
Everthng a gong very god ; nonetheless Peter ientions chagd nd becam ridl .
Ther was ap of ambtion in him
My nam is Daniel nd my fvourie sport is Padel .
Pad is a sor atiity wee y can eno with other three fiens .
It is similar to tnis but te court is smaller than tennis court .
Furtermore , h cot h walls an the ball can bounce off tey .
Padel is my favourite spor because it is so ea to play or eveyon and it is funny when you play with pople h has the ame leve to yo .
The mo important thing that you have to think when you art to play his sport is that it is a gme ad you sould improve your eve fas because it is an easy pot .
I started whn I s 18 years and I played 2 ay per wek .
ow , I play pdel fur days per we .
I am an adct to pae !
Da Sir ,
This is in regard to th summe cp application adverise in the newpapr .
I woud like to wok as a voluteer in te upcming summer mp at Arizna hih u ar orgaizng from 20th March to 30 March .
I am 32 ars old Computer Science grduate currently orkin as software cosulant .
I am an ctie person nd exercise dai to keep yslf fit n poitie al through my day .
I also play ricket and badminton during th wekends .
I teh Englih in the suburb colony to primay children as art of my ompany 's ' Givig Back to Sciety ' rogrm .
I am taking a vcaton durin he second half of Marh and I see it to be a pefet te to join the ummr camp as the dates coincide .
So I would lke to take this oportunity to wo as a Voluntee .
I ls njoy cooking and will be a great hp in the kitchn .
With my experience as a teacng assistant I n easily andl yon ds and ep hm usy in learning . I am fllo a lot of sports channels in TV uing my free tm and hat hel me in setng up the rule for e sport activities and ensur they re orgized well .
It gives me great pleasure in elping kid in thr activities nd teaching them trouh play .
It maks me fl contented that I am contributing to th society by participatng in the tasks th shae their futue .
Having energetic nd cheerfl attitude , I wud like you to consider me as te bt fit for the camp volunteer and accept my applcation .
Lokin forwad to be a part of the te .
Sincerely ,
S Kapada Chowdhury .
In my opinion , public trnsport has ee mprovd during the last ears , beuse cites has en doing a lt of investment for that .
At g ities , such New York , th mai pubic transport is he undrground , whic is sually fast d ot t expensive .
hee are other ype of pubic transpot sh bu , train or vn planes fo long trips .
I do not agre with the ia wch sy that there is no future f public transport , becase it is a perfect y of ransport for ommutrs an nowadays , a lot of peole is conscius ih the global warmig and the envirnoment , d refuses to s th car every day .
In addition , the fuels prc is icresing uring he lst yeas .
In sumar , I think the public transport is a go a to mov a the number of users is increasing every y .
Clre ,
Tak you for wriing , I w worre about yo .
Firstly , it is such a good news to know tat you ae getin sed to or new life .
Wha av you doing snce you moved fro her ?
Secondly , I am so hpy that you are ga with your new home and ho is It ?
Is It look like yu d house or it is bigger an this ?
In your lett u rte that ou are missing oe peopl and thing , what and who do yo miss ?
I can iagie ow diffict it can be , although clm down yo ill fd ou differnt thngs to do an make friends as soon as posble .
I really an to visit yo .
If I am not traellng with my parents , I wi go to ur city .
I ill lok forward to haing rm o ,
Cludia
PLIC TRASORT .
Nowadas , tavel in public transport has een an eerience w ne has faled .
Howeve , exs no a discussion about wa e people pefr , if the puic trnsport or h veicul of oneslf .
Eis a o of beefts of te public transport , at the start , you do nt have to dive youself , you can litn to music , red a ook o waheve u wat without have to y attention to the traffic , is true o that travel by this way of transport el te govrment because you ve to a it , and th majority of them ae chp enought to eveyone .
However , so uch eople love ave tir o vehicule , a cr , a bick , a moto , because tis giv you her kind of eedom , you chose t w , o chose e time , o chose the way in you drive it , th poitive thi about this kind of vehiule is tht you do nt he to take a bu , for example , crowded of people , you ca go alone in your car , or whoever y nt , bu the imporat is tha you chos .
In coclusio , we can say that every kind of transort hs ther wn pros a cs but in my piion the ifference beten both tis is that in he secon y chose o on style .
Extremadura is a mll plac were you a nt fn many transport types .
irt of all , the most of the peope in Extremadura u the ca r ong to the jb , to university or scol .
Te car is a qick , cap and easy transport since you c use it when you wan and you cn park it her you want .
When you use he ar , y do n have to think in timetables a you do n't ve to pay exnsive tickets f travelling .
Hower , I hik that this transport as om disadvantges , for istnce : if in a small ity thre are a lot of cars , he poluton will ncrese and the environment will be njurd .
Also , hen a ty is smal the people should walk to different places since everything is ner to ou houses .
elatd to the use of the cr , I would lie to a ta the Etremadura 's roa ee a big reparation because , r exmpe , the road bewen Cácee and Baajo is vy damaged ad it is diffcul to drve f it .
In Etrmadura , the second ranspor os ud is the bus .
On the one hand , thr ae buses th connect the seeal nighbourhoods of the cties with the centre of the .
On e other hand , hee are ses for travelling large distace .
I hink that t uran buses ae mprove in Cácere .
The last yea , he mayor hange th ld buses by new bses without increase the prie .
Now , it is securier to travel han last years .
so , te seats of hs tranpor a oe clea and h bs driver go saying the name of eah sop .
In the bu sp there are devices tht advice to the pele the minute that they have to at to e arrived of the b .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport eat used is the tan .
T tickt is ver pensive n the tran are vy old .
Hello , dear guets ! We re gla to e yu in or city . I want to tel you about interesting ples in my city .
We a lve in Moscow , it is a very i ct , so the a ma interesting paes , where I us to do som actvit .
That 's why I deide to tell yu about some ntereting place in our cy .
I think , Gorky Prk is a good lae whre we cn pend ur time .
In the sumer it is a pae here you cn play ollyball in the special ground with sad , ply png - pong or if you ae tied yu c t in special hammc .
an people ce to the ark for a picnic .
Ad in the evening yu ca go to the open - air cinema .
In h winter Gorky Park is vr eautiul and there are ice skating rk .
Everbody goes to it becuse it is e st ie skatng park in Europe .
There a dancing square n my romntic alles , ao tre a toboggan slide .
Guys should t go to snowbording .
I think it is ood plays to oher activities .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best park in Mosw . You sold go to he rky Park .
Hi Aisn !
Nc to eaing fm you .
I 'll try to describe for you an rdnary daiy menu in my counr .
reakfas shold be a shot of nergy in my opinion .
Mst eope eat scrammbled eg ad rink a u of tea .
But I refer a srng coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good y to wk up !
Dinne contais two meals .
First is a soup , e most popular is chicken soup .
Main course is ve heav - l of ptatoes with meat .
I wod prefe to et mr ligt dishes li vegetables wit rise .
Super always contains sandwichs .
As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer ly yogurth .
eng fit it 's nice ! :)
I hop it would hel you .
isses ,
Moia
I introduce myself : I 'm Ialian wth an obsession for the English language
I ca n't sto studying Enlih lauage , I'm a sort of ' englishaddite , bt I wish I wer an English natie speaer , I do n't kno y .
I 've ee studying English at cool
, ler I took my dere in Modern Freign Languages and Literatures , strting my to d fm England to iprve my skill .
While studying at th Unversity my idea was to move to the UK to work ther , t I got married so I cold n't ealize my dream . !
I found yself teaching English in my Counr , far fm the language competence I was longing for .
I wl never top vistng h UK d tring to improve my seakig and writing sills , tnks to to or he .
4 . Do you lrn more at school or on placement ?
Nearly ery eductio will apply a placement in their eduaion prram , to ge te skills n exprienc of their pupis to a higer evel .
t , is it also tat necessary ?
Whre do you actuall lrn more , at shol or on acement ?
First of all before auing his uestion , it is important to ompar the answers it peop who are on e sa eduatio and school .
Beaus there cn be a ot of differences in he characteristis of thoe tw subjes .
After tat , havin said I can clarly write down my opinion abu this question .
I tik that at my school t baance of hi civil educaon is n't igt d fair at all .
Becase he ubers of theory lesns abou r discipline are by fr many hors less than I expected to get .
his make it neal a coplete sef suy educton , whih should n't be tat wy at this level of schoolig .
So eause of this , the pacemen is always a step ahead to choose o at ti qestion becuse they will teach ou irecly more .
In addition , on placement the things you learn a away focsed on that particular o n company .
So the detal a information th teach ou wll be mor sefu in you ftre career an te random informaion about the sbjets at school .
So this maes it already t agins zero for e placeent .
And finally t third a last reasons why I think you learn more on placement than at scho .
Whn u go to scho you ha to follow lesons whic are off cors useful for or knowledge u , te way of folloing this lsons ae ot a ntural work pattern .
In a natal work pattern y ave to do , also like chool , your tasks but the communication is also an mportant part of it .
his iportant way communication lacs at school , ecuse it 's a nearly a one direction wa of communicating frm te teacer .
You hae to make a es ad te wil give yu a ating for it .
Whil on placement the wr oe in an ealuaing way to improve sills .
So wt the these tee arments all going in the same direction to xplin my opinion at his question , I thn it has not to be explained any urthr now .
Oer the lt ear , popl 's atidut has been hangng .
Te necssty declind that working and ving needs to be firly close to eh othe .
Mnagig long distces seems to be normal owadas .
Moreover , peopl enjy being unbound and therefr , he are willing to ravel long distances .
Hoeve , public ransport as be critised more an more over h last years becaus of its inconenvience .
Se peopl go even so ar d do n't assume tat public tranpot il have a fture at all .
A o of public servics ere cut don in order to save mney .
Therefore , buss r not running as often or reglulary as they sed to .
Especially in h countryside , ubic transpor is no alternative to car ue to e lack of freuncy .
Consequetly , people prefer takng te a .
Firstly , because hy gan indepedence therewith .
Secondly , they a vit each plac wthout n ircumstancs .
F instance , there is no ne to chge the us .
It is alo oe convnent to go to work by ar as ou can leave when it suts o n no ecaus the la bus is runnin .
In additio , the car is ao more convenient in respect of the timing .
Aft hvng had a long da at wrk , peop long to ge home as quck as possible .
Furthermore , icket prices have been inreased rapidly in he as years .
Tavlling by tain as a fail or group is ofen ar more expensie than taking e car .
Nevertheless , public transport sll provides several avantage in comprion to taking the a .
Fo xmple , it is no pking spe requir .
Sittng in th bu an also be quite relaxin , epeially considerng th avy traffic drin rush hours .
inall , it till provides a uefu a of travel for l h do n't ave a drivig licence .
In the end , he service of public tranpor needs to change to attract more peopl nd to have a oseer ftur .
However , it will rema in the future as still an people use it or een depd on it .
T urpoe of thi reort is to nform about how h ci of Grnada ak care of envirnment .
Rubbish ad pllutin
ranada an be consider a cen city as regad of ubish reament .
There are t of recyclin points of plastic , aper , used ol , glass d batteris .
n there is a big universitary communiy involved in recycling .
As for pollution it refs , in spite of to hv a decent public rasport , Grana is on of h worst cities of Spin .
Clen Infrastructures
ow a id , Granad have a eent public transport a ow it is bein impoved by ading a metropolitan train .
Howevr , Granada can t be considerer as Ciclyng riendy , tere is les iclyng roads tha in oer ciies of silar sze .
In addiion , the oldtown is nt as involved as it should be in clean bhaviour , bei the University o mke t iggest effor .
Summing Up
I considerer that Grnada sce 6.5 of 10 about akin care of envrnoment .
There is good points but a o of work ut be done to chive the c - fiedly title .
T mt asorbig lce in my town is bviously the ig Cstle .
It was bil in 1754 a renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can e the ne face of his aming place .
he ou will get to th highest toer , you will watch h mst beathtaing view .
It is a plae where y n alays find lds of torist nd foeigners .
Whn t weathe is goo eough close to the castle take pace any kis of partes d enterinments .
Lie fok dane or shooting with a bow .
Unfortunately , tikes are expensiv ut worh buying . I lso honestly rcommend y to see all the lacs around the ig Cstle such as To Mseum or Folk village .
And ha 's more , castl is situated in th centre of e town it an easy waking disance to shops and park .
I cn assure you wil never get bred with his plae and all hngs things connected with Big Castle will make it memorable for yo .
Ho you will ejo your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thinng about our last trip .
It was amaing !
I 'd lie to send my sume hoidas with yo .
Whe ae you avilable ?
We could visit differe countries , for example , France , Holland nd Belgium bcaus tey 're ner .
Lat week , I wn to Barcelona wi my ster , Carolin , she had to tak an exam .
It was a fantastic eeknd bcaue we visited ome places : Sarda Familia , Guell Pa ... n we walked by t promende .
It 's a beautiful cty ad I 'd to go ith you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to viit my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip b it does n't matter because I 've good frends there and I wa to spnd some tie wih my gradparents , avid nd Gema .
I 'll t ou a surprise !
I hoe your aser , I wa to have a eat holdays ti ea !
Regard ,
Crlos
Nowadays almost every person in the world atches mvis tmporarily or permanently .
It a be done by gog to a cinema or wtching movies at home .
I ie boh ays .
Regarding my preferences , I would le to ami tat sient gene conquered me .
Of orse , unprepared viewer ca n't unerstand inner beauty of this gere d will coose something edicre .
However , simplicity in so ces can be very gd and srt .
When I want to wah somthing easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
I do n't appreciate melodramas or love stories much , t th sould be ad ttentio to .
In my opinion , very few peope use ovie for bradenig th mind .
They are simply laxing by such a way .
That y was a terible y with Michal , he oke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwheling irthday paty .
He even di not remember what s hapeed and a serios adache made h i ot nt to ge out of the b .
His mom was disappointed out that , too .
She even di n wat to talk to m after that situation hapned .
Anywy , he is her son , n sh had no choie ut to take re of him in spite of an situation .
She tlke to him:"H bout yu today ? " .
He did n anwer at l , besides , he h the chair near her , and unfortuantely , that hai hit he in a serious manner .
e eve could ot yell a word , jus looked at im dsappoinedly .
Miche lose t do an knew at ta oment he had made a mistake .
My favourite website is Driv2.ru .
It 's a kind of a ocil etwok , but it differs a bit om ordinary networks .
T im of te se is to e togeher people intersted in as .
In this nework you crate a rofle of you r , rit a li of improvemens you hae doe in it , pload potos and ovis aut ou car ad of couse you eet a lot of pepe with h same inerests .
Drive2 users oftn he a lot of technical uesions about thi cas .
So hy ftn need help of professionals .
I hnk tht it is necessary to involve om professional mechanics to iv advce to use .
h other ebite I often use is Google.o because it is t eatest seaching service eve created by human beings .
I tnk it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fa d yu get on the informaion you asked for nd nothing exess .
I hink that many googl ses wl be happy if the devlopers bring ore useful inormation to th main pag , for example weather information , carrency rates or ho ws .
Moeover google p servic eeds some improvements such as stret name , map accuracy nd mor city paorams .
Hello ea visitr of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope you arrival w sucessfu d you hae been enjing our tn .
If you want to snd yo time visiting amos and ver beautiful pla nd se by yoself the main ightseeing in Moscow , I recomend yo to visit the Red Squar .
T world famos Rd Square is located in the etre of Moscw .
Your gru will see many ll - knon monuments of architctue , which y admire .
There u wil be abe to fnd ot a lot of information bout th histo of Mcow and Russian rulers .
You il be ey exciting watching St. asils 's Cathedral , te monment of Minn and oharsky , te Kremlin .
I recommnd o to visit the remlin .
It 's necssary for you if you want to see t mos famous place in Mocow .
I hnk you should buy tickets n book the excrsion in advance , beause y can spen much ie searching o it .
I hpe you will ejo seig ths plce and become raly ecitd by this excursio watching the gret arhitectual monumnts
ers Kate Ashby ,
I am wiring to apl for the acancy in or cafe .
I encose my CV fo your information .
I have had extensive experience wrking face - to - face ih cuomers .
I hve wrkd w ear in a wel kw cofee frncise d previously thre ars in famous patisserie as a che assistant , ging me varie skils , lke the ailty to work with my fferent types of eope and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
I am a conscietious person who works ard and py attntion to dtal . I am flexil , uick to pic up new skills n ege to lern from oters .
I have lot of idea d enthusiasm n I am aailable to work long hours .
I am kn to ork for a compan th great repuation lie Green Pepper Cafe .
hank o fo taking te te to consider tis aplication and I lo forar to heang from you in the future .
Your sincere ,
Cristina Vars
This topc leads me to thn of my brther 's child .
This result in dfferent vws of wheth people accpt it is easier to raise children o a dy .
I hold the belief th the chilren are relly eas to raise than before .
Firs , te parent on want fewer kds , so t children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
I hold t exaple .
My brother nl s oe child , t my grandfate has fr children .
My brohe 's hld can very easy to get the toy which he equied directly .
However , my fathr never got t to wn he was a child , becue too may kds nee to be fd .
My grndfather must work ard to suppot his children by additional job .
They had no money coud use on entertainment .
Ta is h I entio ta my fter nvr ot th toy when he was a ild .
N a day , every child cn get mre an moe reoure from hir paent because of less comping by other child .
Ta is what I ay ha t fewer childrn can et more resourc n easier to be raise .
econd , more a more infrastructures appear in r city .
Of course , ht mst inlde he halth care system .
F instance , in the big city we can very easy to fin t specific space to sev our children , such as speia toilet ad Best - Feeding oo in every suwas .
These kinds of space can ma parents comfortable a concentrate on their care .
My brother tol me when is ab hould be feed when they wlked on t stret .
ey c quickly to ee his ab .
That is friendly fo children and parents .
On the othe han , the sftwae infrastructures ae important as wl as hadwar ssem .
Health care stem also lps the parents to care of their children , ecaus of popl an spend less money to rcver thi disease by insurance .
Ts is a good eample to shw hat the infrastructue can hel parents to ar of thei childen .
Of cors , ome pole may be moved to disagre ih my poiion on ths issue .
Tht being said , I still feel that te reasons I he presented was strg es , such as more resources and infrastructure .
Having a ealthy festyle is one of h ms important ting fo our heath , becase it reduces th chnce of getting sik and it gives u the energy ad concentrton you need .
u wh shuld u do in ord to lv a ealthy ife ?
ating on a chedle is a er important tip o should ae in conideratio and also tryng to avoid fred mes or fas food .
Unhealthy od nd nelecting physical exercses increase the chances of getting fat an having poblems with you heart , iver and other orns .
rits , vegetables nd waer
Yo boy require many types of vitamins in order to function proerly , whic are fond in frsh or boiled vegetables an fruits .
They would help yu immune yste , or sin ad wil also give yo t amnt of nergy yo need the whole day .
However , drinking 2 lters of waer everyday is essential to your hlth nd has a t of benefits sch as helpng enegising muscles or keping yo skn look go .
Sors and slee
Another thk y shul tak in consideraion if o wan to ive a hapy lo life is doing phyicl exercises , sch as walking in t park , oig to t gym or plaing team sports .
It wil giv you a lot of energy to study and do te things y love , while feeling ad living healthy .
Besdes that , yu shoul as sep beween 8 - 10 hus per ngh , so that your body can fuction effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruis a vegetables
-drin ater
-leep 8 - 10 ors / niht
-do spors
Do n't 's
-eat a lo of Fast Fod
-drink excessively alchol
-be lazy
In cocluson , u do n't hav to do a l of effort to have a healhy lifestyle and there re plnty of benefts om it .
You wl feel gret , would concentrat better , hve more energy and hav less healt problems .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am wrting in connecin it the advertismen fo a jo in the U SUMMER CAMS .
I woud le to apply r the position you offered .
I am a really hery person , I like takin walks to th countyside an taking photos thr in my free ie nd in my inion I am a vy tireless yongster .
Bside , I am plent of avilability and I am responsible , patiet and scal , n I have good communication skills .
My qualifications includ a broad experene as a childmine ad in organising sprts activities .
Furthermoe , I have worked as a catering assstat r a year .
I wld be vey hapy to attend an interview if yo lied me to introduce myself .
Also I oud be grateful r information about the task I would be called for if I gt h job .
I look forward to rceiving a reply .
Yours sinerely ,
Luía Orelln
No future o pulc tranprt is e of the worst hins in or life .
Ths , ur state spears no ffect on fight it , transportatin n is very over crowdedess and diicult , especially in h us hu whch people leave their jobs and go to their hoses at 2 o'clock , th mn reson fr at is the nreasing the mber of peple in u country ( housing problem ) and the esult of th a ot of accidents s been don n a ot of eople were died .
ecnt U.S. std realed tha the bus ride a trans regularly maintains e agilt of the body a help in reducing weight .
Acording to a study published by t journal « Arican Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in gust / Augt nx tt h more ulic transpot in the ciy , where opultion ha become leaner and healtie .
The U.S. researchers from two univerites in the state of Pennsylvania an the Foundatio « Rand » Amricn research d evelopment staff to monitor regularl atted public transportation or go to wr by a within a yer .
The study results showed tht people wo ri tansportatin .
Publc decease her eigt by thee kilograms on average , compared to people who us the ca to mo ad t stud attributed tis reult to wa to the bus sop a rning to catch te u in the expected osiion requires or public transot more traffic , whil hs des nt happen with otorist .
Te stuy pointed out th he public trnsprt network in h United Stes has not been expaned sice a long time compared to the sitution in Germany , or xampe .
He appealed to the experts in poltical circles in t Untd tates to invest ore money in publi transpotation a imoving security in t ways of he nfanty in cities and ake th more attractiv to ecourage peple to use public transport .
The supersor of he stud , John M ..
MacDonald of the Universty of Pennylvania : « investment in public transport wil allow the possibility of reducing obesity people » .
Suffered the rasport sector in the Arab countries of te many shortcomings n poor erformance ad is a form of environmental polution and hs is de rimaril to a lack of e apaciy of public institutions to develop strteges neesary to intevene appropriately nd alloct investments effectively nd imrove he organizational capacity a rsut
So it did not materialize fo the trnsport setor ftn necesry capaity to provide rliable and saf transpration ad mderate cost and in spite of th hih demand for transportation services in t ra countrs e sill pubic transport systems ar undveloped and drive eple to ey on private car .
It hs be observed , or example , at increasing the nubr of cars varied between 7 a 10 prcet per year in Jora a this stuatio is similar to wha appes in oter ra countris , and despite he investmns in ras an infrastructure in he last few decades , the prormance of his stor remains wak as a reult of congestion sevee urban enter a poor air quaiy in mn cities , land egadation ad hih rates of emissions of reenhouse gase blamed fr lobal warin .
e optimistic opion , sme peope bjec at " no futue f pbli tansport " saying that the future of puli transport is cea and th pro of tat in ancit there was n't any transport and by he time people sarting to inent new means of transportation ranging from attle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lor , private ar untl the plane , so they hpe that the transportation be best by the reativ eople .
In the ohr opnin , e pessiistic opiio , in developed countries ik Japanse nd Kuwait we do n't ind like these problems because they have a go planing , th ake ays underground an overground , then hy hve as nly fo people n ways ol for as , fially , we should ae a good plan nd t government should are with that an ln fr traffic regulation to solve ths roblm .
Hi Mx ,
How e o ? I 'm fin .
This ay re a sun and fantastic dy and I il start school in a wek .
I recommen you to visit the beach bcause it is fantastc in ht days .
n there ar a lo of beach ar o snack betwe eals .
I ecommend you , too , to viit the astle beuse it is very inteestin .
I offe yu to go fr a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema wh som n funny movies and the are a t of cloths shops too .
I 'm not sure ht is the most expenve restaurant in my ow , mybe the r se ar he beah bcaue the tourist normally go her .
My typicl evenin out is ong to Aec lu and atr ht I go to te cinema to wath a cmdy fim or go for a al with friends .
Silvaa .
Dear Sr or dam ,
I am ery glad of the fact ha you vsited o coutry and te ara of Silesia .
Accoring at , I recomen yu to visit Tyskie Breery in Tyc .
It is woth seeing because thee is th most fmous brand which rews oe of te most pplar ber in Poland .
In my pnion , a trp will be scinating becaus of t fct that te building of the Brewery is rginall German - oned beery hch has be brewering been fr almost 00 years .
It ontains a liitle ueum whic is oe or turs .
I strongly advice to see ta , there is an Englis - spaking guide wo will sow o the way of brewing roess .
Tikes must be booked in advane and here is a tsting ssson at the end .
Thee yo cud by some souvenirs - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , cus a , of corse , beer !
It is a good pupse , to se a g to no the pce , where in Poland produced taditional and el knwn br .
I hope you il take it ino consideration and go to sightseeing ou lol but famous rewery .
Yours faithfll ,
Aa
e Asian retauran Tian review
or our n of the ours 's dinner , I 'd recomed th Ain restaurant Tian .
Firstly it 's a really exquise pla , ad it is decoted wih ojcts frm the outh Asia .
he atmosphere sees exotic and calming .
he place is sml but it 's vry coy .
ey erve al meas in small portions ; d they suggest that the servings ca be shared ; so everybody an r moe itens from he enu .
h food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invie to travel by te senses to fa ay plce in Asia .
Finally , to ad one more touh to he eperienc you can ak a ri in eir t - u .
Pee lokd at i watch and knew that he hd to do omething immediately .
He got that myserious oo in his eyes .
He just realized how to solve oe of t biggest physil challenges makind has been interested in r ages .
Time travellg !
We d been looing at ts problem from won age al th time .
The periodic move of minut ad compared to smooth pat of secds hnd .
We were trying to revee te ow of te , u that is t possible at all .
We have to fcs on the breaks .
me is running , seeminy continuosly , sae as ecnds hand on his clock .
u we got this percetion ju because ur ee ca se only limited nuber of images in a time period .
If time prid is long enogh , like nute , we can ee stic distinctin between one ad o .
at is the ey !
We eed to lo dow he ime !
In other wrd , we hve to be fs enugh to e tat breaks in tme .
Thn we cn jut jump insie it a me eier direction , as we wh .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immedately wrote all ts dw .
He ca n't forget any ord of it !
Nowada we ie in society tt we is totally dependn on tranport .
Ti happens becase , o onl we live in a big cities but also we hve no ti to wate .
Due to this we he witnessed to an increase of traffc .
Pubic transport are for soe pole on go oution f many reasons , sch as , they can sa oney n travel quickly .
However , some pepl a that public transpot have no future , they migt be rght.pe do n't agree with it , they pref travelling by car .
Some people y that public transport have no utue , they might be right .
Considering that the comnies no re mvig to the surrundings of e itie nd h lack of re and flexible timetables some pople exclude h public transport ptin .
As a eslt of tis mn pele a trying new opitions ik car haing .
It is belied that tavelling by car is more comfortable n convenient for everyone , conseqetly ca brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid car in order not to daage the evironmnt .
I personally bliev ta bcause of all this the pulic transport il he no fuure in our sciey .
Ana knew tat it was going to be a vry special a fr hr .
It as the day of her birth .
She woke up in t mrning ul of enusiasm ad est r life .
Sh w su that evryon rmembes bout the celebration and he a ft for her .
But it turd out at everye ha left the house or work and no one was aitin o her wth te wishes .
he wn to school very disapponted .
D of school very trethed because Ann aways thought about the s ornin .
However , the surris was stil to come .
An di n't epect ta ter returning fom schl e fins his fmil and friends .
l of them ere witng for her wt lots of ifts in a beatifully ecoratd room .
Ane was very srpised n hpp .
I 'm a teeneger d now a ys I ecognize thee are a lot of ys to g to kow someting .
In the pat technology as po and only a few gs had a smarphone or a computer .
In contrast , today veryone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
In h last ten yer technology hav made a bi jump and tnks to th nternet we can sarch everything whenever we want .
In the pat was better than now becaus randparents or older pele could tell you how to do something fr th fist time , they could ive you some useful advice and you coul estalish a relation with them .
Toay everyon kos hw eerything is easier it technoloical machine bu it 's mo sad becase o ca n't copare our thoughts with nobody .
r that rason , I tink that for me , oun people in h past learned a lo fom thi gandparents a it shol be th ame toay too .
I 'm going to al about th famie and thirs in Afic .
Tee is a large umbr of African hilren , who suffers it h lak of food an cean water .
hldren are upposed to be e future of thi countries , but in Africa , specally in the countries in b - Shara Africa , tere ar mny cses of fmine - extreme cases , so childre spn very difculties .
Their educatin is affected , for example .
Ty have to wk ay lo dstances to he clean water d to rk too to survive .
Children o ae to work ad n n go to school , wo n't et a bettr lfe and their dreams never will come rue .
Unfotunatly tis is t sad reity .
Bsides ta , the lake of food and cea water are responsible fr many diseases , whic are responsble f a lrg umer of deaths , because thee r n't engh sources to cure th populations .
Ear we ve some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rikets nd malnutrin …
The principals ase for fain in Africa ar te ethnc conflicts , hich causes warms ; the ecrase of fertile grounds an the us of ground oly to produce monocutures to export .
very dy , Tom als next to the rier to se th landscape and to fe lts of uirrels which live in the trees .
Snday mring , To wa walking as usuay we he aw a big poster with a picture of a ig moorway .
In tat momn he understood that t myor will build a big motray here , next to the rer .
Suddenly , he thought at the wrkers will t all th res , and h squirrels ill lose their reugs , so he thogt that he d to do something immediaely .
He wrote a lete to the ow hall explaining the siuation n asking to stop the construction .
He suggested to bul the motorway in another ple to sve the sqrrels nd to potet that beautiful landscape .
The mayor accepted o 's proposal , and he ordered to build h otorwy in another dffrent place .
m arrived hoe very te .
It had bee a very log and tirng dy , but om flt he d achived something really goo .
frstly , h primary cau of bushfire is hum activities .
acc sese of civc responsibility is lead to bshfir easi .
r instance , som people discarded cigarete or mch which is uatended like barbequ or campfires .
In addition , in many developing country , employment they aso migrate to forest d s ire to enhace cultivated surface .
Moreover , a smal piece broken of bottle or glass a lso ea to bushfire .
it will attract n 's ray nd t alight .
Bushire causd by numrous human ativitie u almot started from carelessness of people ( oland as ied in Scuble , 209 )
My subject wil talk out my atumn holidays .
I went a wek at ener Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best frid .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
We ef Moday morning at ten 0'clo , we soud av put tree hours awa but we t double bease the plugs .
Oe arrived , we nladed he r ad we et to the store .
Tueay we went to vsit t Sainte- Cox Animal ark .
hey are or tn 1,5 animals from 100 different species .
I sa er , bear , lynx , isn , woves , lmus , ultues , red pads an ohe animals .
ednesday I went to try f hose ith my godfther to possibly b ne .
We went in two riding stabl but I he nt found the horse tat I ied ..
Thursday I wnt wt my famiy to t Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
And in the afteroon we went to the enter Parc of t pool .
It 's big wth many activities .
Frida morning we d canoeing an ddle boating on h smll river tht ran ong the centr and in t evening we went to th restarant .
h next day , me d my bs fried et to ay bling and billiards . whe my rents ook my sisters ride a pony .
And th afternoon , te cente organizes a lsso for aiity dogs .
I did ith my dog .
It is alled Canelle , it 's a Jac Russell Terrie .
It 's vy sall !
It measures about 30 centimetres .
e lesson is no very wel , he ws interested in othr dos nd she w t listening .
At the end , t taher askd me the exercise agai .
It was pefec , she jume sixty centeters .
A Sunday morning we returned because the weatr as bad .
Th Aambra : A parade thin yo reach .
Ae u on of those people h wold ike to go ba to at time ?
he Alhambra gie y this opportunity !
In t wonderul ranada , which is located in th soth of pain with a great weather , you cn vst h palace ty .
h Alhambra is a roup of plces , gardens nd fortresses buil by Muslms and occupied by them for over fo centuries .
It was a citael inid of Granada where h oarch of h Emirate of Granada d his cou live .
Its true tractiveness , in addition to the decoration whi is in he sumi of he Andalusian art is lo tei ocation which is unique .
You will be impressed by e stning vie which are cosdered by sme pople the bes one of the old .
If you are lucky nogh to sit th wondrfu place in summr I recommend u attend the Granada Internationa festival of Music and Dance which is elebrated in Genelalif 's gardens wher you can njoy aazing artists and orquesas in an unrivalled setting .
You ca n't miss it !
The grahic information presnte in h flow char illusttes h procdure regarding to h form of bank notes , wch a be sorted it 6 main phases .
Intially , the foma of t ntes shoul first be deignd considering h bckground olr and security issues .
At the same ime , skilled mahiniss ae prepared with the u of mtal plates in ordr to se up a fed mould .
Afte tha , the ringtng prcss comes it la .
50 pieces per sheet are t wih specil ink prepared , producig images ht colors on ot ides wi a slow spee .
h most significant pocedue is called inpecton , hch means mannual cck by particular machines and staffs , and thn th are cassiied ino 3 different columns , nclding good ualty sheets , partilly damaged shees , and bad sheets .
In t ial tag , th well - perfomed sheets e packed and distributed to each branches , while t broken ones e safety disosd .
his is the whole proces how a bank note is de .
he fle chart shows six min tps in erm of making bank tes .
As folowin desriptions , namely , esig , Preparation of atal plates , Printing , Inspetion , Packging and Distriuton nd Disposal .
Wh y ned a bank notes , t frst thing you shuld do is to esign what aects of inormation u wan .
Next , mk sure e metal plates worked ell .
Aferwards , you ar able to prnt te sheets of the bank nts(50 bank notes per sheet ) .
The mt sgnificant rt of the
step is inspectation , were te printed heets shoul be
mnully inspectors by the ffcers .
It deends on whether the sheets are in go or bd qualities .
If it is ot vr well , we can desroye them securly , however , a f sheets may partially damged , it does n't matter de to the fact that furthe seperation will assite ou to ge te wrong sheets .
At st , all of
te sheets have been dealt with correctly .
Overiew , it is ear hat the process of mking bak notes bgin with esign and ends wih Dispsa or Distribution .
Travelling by pbli transrt is expensive nd uncomfortable .
e rins a buses are not bg enough .
Tere is ot enogh space for ur es and you often do n get a sat .
This will ot be a roblem if you tavel only hrt distances , but on long journey that wil be very uncomfortable .
Travelling with ou personal ar is uch more cofortabl .
There is the possbiliy to set up your ea .
It is yur own dision whe you get up , bcause there are no tie boudaries .
Tre e no times when ou ae to be at the bs sop .
If you use ublc ranport for long distances in a cy , o will often change the bus .
hee is the rik ta you wuld n get the connctng s and so you ar sressed .
In conclsion travlling by ar is th easiest and est a . I think ta it is o posible to e pblic transpor becuse there are no bus or trains .
Mayb car shaing is an innovative alternativ to public traspot .
Many pople use their c lne .
The mt of t te they he fee seats in teir cars .
So they coud spare their cars with otr pele
here are many fiels of stdy tat ae not ben disoveed or researche by humans .
My resos cause t search hardly going on .
As a resut , there is the debat whether educationa institutes ae a respnsibility to dissuade suents fo pursuing field of sty in whic they a ulikel to scced .
In my inion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasns .
Admittedly , som of t research need to nest many resouces tht educational institue can not affo .
ch research indeed wil fail .
Edcationl institutes should dissuade students .
Howeve , if thre is not lck of h rsurce for e field of tdy , Educational nstitues should suport students r their study area .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encorage student to attempt and arn from te fail .
Tke Thomas lva dison , t inveto of te light ulb , for eample .
He tred a o of diffeent aterias to make ilamen of the light bulb .
Once , people hin he woud suceed .
Even though t resarc really can not succed .
Stdents cn learn some things from the curs of the research .
In the ourse of the rsearh , sudens will think how to develop process of the research a knw which segment will cause h prblem aing t research fail .
In addition , students in t course of research maybe crat serendipity .
ike Alxander Flrming Alexander , the nvntor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally rm he research of e gem .
" o mut do he thng you thnk y can not do . "
sa by Eleanor oosevlt .
The invaluable thg is to ur the impssibility to possibility .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the stuen attempting the fiel which unliely to succeed .
Rmmber when in schol you eared th hee esentia things for livig ; reproducction , nutrion and intertion .
Wll , huma become moe and mre sedimentry hit t pass of te tie and orget about interacion and mevement .
Doig port is nt only or geting fitter is aso something you ed to do as a habit .
Nowadays going to te gym is t new end , but you do n't oy have to do spr becse it 's trendy .
I migh no hae the tipical sports wom body type , b I really enjoy doing sport and feelig t glo of movement .
My fabourite sport is tennis , although is no the on oe I practice is e ne I most like to ply .
I mu admit , I 'll never be the best tennis plyr u 'll ve mee .
But that 's nt my goal of practicing a sport .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun n socialice , e a you el ater runnn ad buning fels ally oo .
Hi Ane ,
hnks fr our e - mail .
It is very exciig to hear yu ae coming to Latvia .
rsonally , I think th bs time to com is in the summer .
Because at this ime we have a lot of interesting ativiies lke concerts , festivals n so on .
If you at to meet young peope I suges yu stay in a youh hoel .
The irst god hin is ey have w cos and he you an et students fr all aound t world .
In spite of that the weather as to be ar in sumer , you should brig wth yu not nly light clothes but also jacket r rainy day .
Than also for your invitaion to join the group .
I oul love to do if I am ee .
I wil be abe to show u and your friends th ost interesting places in my ara .
Let me knw wen you are coming .
Warm regars
Wen I as in high school , I loved to go to diferent kinds of activities .
Quite often , I felt difficut to balane both my study d hobby at th same time .
So , having a od time - mangement hve become importnt in my study .
I remember that I had a drama play which ws held ut oupe weeks before inal exm .
However , istead of focing on my study , I paid more attention on rhearsas .
As a result , n of my subjects fild because I d not hv enough ie to catch on h esons .
At that mome I flt regretfu a frustrated .
om ta experience , I hve ralized ta I need to chang my learning stategies fo a successful tudy .
Firstly , to kw wha is proity is essential or achieving success .
Terfore , I avoided social aciviies during the peid of exam .
In the same way , wh ( 20 ) pois out ta it is importat to get cotrolld our self .
In aditio , o ny tting things in order ut al well - organized planning a helpful to manage tim .
As cdemic skil Unit ( 22 ) states tht ily , weekly and semste planner ca beneit for arranig r times ( P.22 ) .
In my se , I planned te acivitis into a prpe ie because t planners cleary ho me te outline in the ne futu .
Without a doubt , this valuale eperienc e me know the iprtance of taking responsiblty to my wn learnng .
Mre igniicantly , I understand th time - management and plannin are rucil in aademi li .
Therefore , in the futur , I ll ke impoving those abilities nd beome a oe oragniezed peron .
Football : Te st icredible sport in h world
As we kw ootbal or socer is e sprt king of the present .
It 's a gra art ad we an hae real fun watching a football game ven if it 's by television .
Do y ant to now why is e ost joyable ?
When we wat a football ge everybody is expecting tht at any time omeon will score a ol or do some ink that gets us excitd and tha 's the mgi of the football .
If yo wan to start pacticisng this sport you have to get ft an un a t because you got to have a od physical condition to play because it is a ey demanding sport .
And I recommnd you to sta lokng for a football lu to start plying with another plars .
h bst thing abot football is ha yo n prtise a spor a yu ca socialise it other people ta lv tht sport as much as you .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURIS
The im of this reor is to describ t shopping facilities in my tow n mk recmmendatons to try ecouage the tuists ist th shops .
Sme of the information a collected on e shop , and on the web .
According to the investigation , the mjorit of he shop are in w rea ; Firstly the puerto shoppig center , it is allocated in Puero Main , nd the offe of the hps is majriy fashion , coffee hops nd pubs .
The ohr g commercial ea is in the city center , wt a mor variety offer , fashon , bars , supermares , oal food shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively ver riday in t prking et to Tioli old , here is a street market whre you cn find every nd of products , loal products , fod , CD , DVDs , etc ....
Puert Marina is more visite han h ct cente , even whe in h city center there is mo diversity tn in Purto Marina .
In the light of th results , I feel it wold be to our advantage if we make promotins of the ciy cente as a goo dstiy .
I wold recommend e tourist office to encouged te vaiety of ops In Puerto Marina
In conclusion , t touist office should have or adverts of the ity enter .
Dream walked towards me nd said do you kn ow to satisfy a lay .
I wll teach ou how to aisfy a ld tonight .
I was tunne by he words nd beome speechless for a moment .
Oce again dream said to ge ready , I did n't utte a word , witou wasting y movement .
I gabed her hips nd dragged her towards me with a force .
e mled and sd not so sn Dreamer , I wil take a th n freshen up irs and tn we start .
I sad that I would accompany ou .
She mled and said ait fo om time I wl fnsh my bod massage an tn u ca join .
I said that I will help you in applng i she said do you no o to aply .
Dar Jae
Let me introduce myself , I am Ls from Spain and I ok as a civi engineer in a Spanih infraestructure compay alle Accion .
I 'm 35 year ol ad lately I have en rding carefully all your letters .
I am so impressed ih your ost so I have just deied to get your last boo ( nd all the gifts , of course ... ) .
In ft , I ow your ook is going to help me to improve myself in lot of fieds .
I completely agree wth you , aybe ch wrd you say .
I have a mrtage , a car , a deee , two children , a wife and lately I realized w I strive to make ends met .
I uually ear between 50.000 € and 60.000 € eac year and it is nee nough , I do n't hav a financial security .
My company is makn redundancies nd I am alay worried abut that .
The point is hat I completely fcu on my projects soI spend t hours every day making a tremendous effort it my buget , trying to increase bnefits nd I am doing well .
I manage rsy projects and eventually I et high revenues .
I ftn hik what appened if I would ake all thse effort on my wn business ?
For this rasn I am radig or bo n listeing to yu podcast .
I ll keep reading n istening to yu .
Best
Luis
Dear Jo ,
I am appy to ow tt yu a comi to my country this summer to tral and work .
The pace you mus visit is the islands !
T slnds in my country re ean and beauful .
Mt of he ilads a availble to snrkel , so if you ar going to snokl , ou will have the cnce to see my diffrent types of arin organims like coras , fish nd sels .
Thee are also ny historical buidin in my country .
You ca se how the buildg bui in the den days there .
Y n also shopping at the modern bilings and watch he beauifl sceey from the hgh building .
Fod ! ou mst try the aries food in my cutry as the food are elcious and speial .
As ou kno , my cutry is made up of different racs so ther re ay dfferen traditional fo in my country so you an try different cuisins like bnana leaf ric n ainanese chicken ice .
As fr work , ou a find a j at my cousin 's office becau they e hiri people .
So , these are the advices I can give ou , hpe that it can help you wn you come to my country .
I am looking foward to s u in my country .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite film
Fils do o occuy a grea ime of my spe tim .
When I am t doing my homework d am not lernng English , I li watchng a film .
Sincerely , I found it very difficult to cose t best film .
Thee r ay interesting fls wi vuable lot an famous actr .
Most of them are extremely interesting n wrth seeing it .
The deserve to be in the top e hundred .
Bt finlly I have dcidd to vt r e of tm .
My favurite actor is m Cruise a conseuently th be fl I have ever sen wa " ar aay , far away " , whee he pls starring ol wt his ex - ife Nicoe Kima .
I wa impresse by t productin becuse of the its alable plot .
e str is abu t love beteen tw oung people , por an an rch n beautiful lady , who lave he famly .
S wants to tr different way of lf like h commo girls .
Both , they as thoug a lot of dificulties nd live poor life .
The aim of te tw personages was to gai a pec of land in Ameria .
They have taken pa in a competition wth riding horses .
Oy faste competiors was gin te land .
Of course , our tandem gain a ece of land .
Th histoic context is recreated in th im .
I recommend yu to watch this fm and I think you ill no rere .
Mos people in al rely too mch toward tir private vehicles hence hy totally bndoned ublc trnspotation .
We c consider it as te man problem of traffic jam in the island .
They say , " there is no future f ubli ranport , becase tavelling by ca is so much more conenien " .
And for me , that 's totally on sene .
I believe that we can do it he .
In orde to do tt , it wil ost us huge tansformation .
Asd fo a grat blue - print of a well - orgnized tranportation ssem , which vers a good 25 to 50 year planning , it also involves ocal culture .
It is finitely a had job to do whn we want to chag Peol 's uture .
A consience that a cage is neede to ceae a btte plac fo popl to liv houl arise first .
People should be remnded ta 50 to 10 peple travelling in a b will make the traffic so muc tter compared to have each t to four of them trap in cr , in oer wors one msive transportation mesur aains twelve or more cars on the sme road .
The next is an nderstading of wt we an do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
Imagine te energy hat we can kp n olution hat we ca stop .
We can chage , we hae to change for a bete future .
Te wold is constantly changing n tecnology is advancing fast .
This affects people 's ivs considerably , so we an say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we ve today .
We can s 50 years ago we a nt thout to hve technolo currently exit , such as Iernet , TV , smartphones , c .
lso lifestye s completely diferent , the industry ad n developed echnlogy tat nw alow u to be ore effiient an several people did t wrk o cn be dn wth a few of tem .
So , if technology continues to advance as it a done until no , lfestyle will change too .
Perhaps in 50 yas more , we will iv in a world where technoogy maes ou lfe muc easier , u at the same tim we will be depending on it .
ea Jo ,
I was vey surpried to hear tht yo want to spend ur ya off rom university in my contey and I am alo exremel fltterd .
As you ked for my advic I would sgest to t a o in summer because yu said you would ony nt to work for about three moths .
I woud recommend a job as a waitres because o do n't nee mu experience , and I kw ou do n't have any , ad if you g a job in summe as a result you 'll be at e beach most of the ime and o can spend the rs of the year visiting ohe places .
My favourite pacs to visit ar fom te ea I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to e fact hat we ca lo eet and I would be delighted to see yu again .
e place wre I ejyed myself h most a " he ran Castle " as known as Dacul 's asle .
It 's on of t most eautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important hing hi countrey is kown for n that is Dracula .
He ws atully e of t ruls of this countrey and he 's re name was ld Tepes .
The reason he use to il peope as becuse thy d n't repec the aw .
Another attractn hch is a uique o is " the merry cemetery".It is amos for the colourful paintings on the ombstoes dscrbing , in a very oiginal way , t prson buried there and their lives .
It once was us a simple cetry bu w it is an oen air museum .
And if o wnt to have some n also hre a some fastivals tt you migt enjoy .
he re quite big a a lot of imprtant rtist com .
The bggest one in e contrey is in the y where I ive threfore you 'll ae a place to tay and for fee .
I hpe my advic was useful n I look forwored to seeing yu next year t ,
Andeea
I av two iferent reasons to expli why I wnt to sdy again at BS in Oxford .
The irst rason is becaue I alreay hve studied here thee years ago and it as a wonderful xperience , I t very nice peol fr all over the world , I impovd my Eglih lvel thnks to very illed teachers nd I eall enjoy my stay in xfrd .
The second is a pragmatic reas I ave a fiv year degree nd I orkd for to yeas in a medical evices copny bu nw I am unmplyed .
In Itl is uite hrd to find a o at th oent d I want to t a wr exerienc in he UK u it is ncessary to become more confidnt with my English and tt is what I ho to otain rom th IELTS course .
I already know that it could be touh , especally to be ar rm my family and my girfrind , t it is something tat I fe cul be right for me , ad for my carer .
The thing hat worres me most is to get use to the English wather !
Public transport is common eans of ransport ud in many countries ; Usualy transport people in mas ro oe locatio to anter ;
However as the counties develop and econoy grows nd ie change , people change ad standards of life chane o ; The interaction factors ha lead people to ae their n a r is depenig nd limtng on severa factors ; There r also factrs uch as social and financial conditions that tend to influence eple to he teir ow r insta to travel by pubic bus / train ; We sould als cosder the coniions of rads , access a taffic , giin an opportunity to people to ot and tvel on w car or public transpot ; In om counties tee are separate lanes deicate for public transport which help d facilitate he traffi on codiion of heavy tafic ; Wth traffic technology solution owning a a is always ettr .
anoher factor we shoud cnsier is the public transport ops on h way to detinaton wih reuire to pn ad atc up public transport to avoid late arrival at our destination .
The subject , no ftur for ublic transport is amiguus as te advantges nd disadvantages are both consider on .
Wecome tourist :
Ts is a guide for you , I hope it can ep u a lile .
Firt at all , I want to explan the communication with he tow ; a t of pople am by ain , it is situatd at h top of the ow , is he bet travl to yours because it is the most quickly , but proing that o prefer to ome by bs , he bu so is near th rain station .
Ther r many shops around the town , for exaple we ha one that where cildre c ake ted eas whereas the parnts cn se them from the restaunt ; ay childre said hat it s the best lace in he wrd .
F auls we have a little ld museum , ere ou can live on day lke sixt years ag , so If yu never hae ben in one , u hould go ecase it is t cost so much , beses te museum has a kinder gaden fo e id .
Apart rm that e ow is ne he beach , and ther we have many restaurants where you can at while you e atchin he wavs on e sea .
Our personal recommendation is he " ir oel " is a muddy hotel bcuse many years ao it had been a castle , as ell you a lep in th kg bd n every night it has theatre her u can ke a part in a play .
ea ir / Mdm :
I am writing in rpy to your dvrt , which as advertised in e loc Newspaper on 31 M 008 .
As you ca see in the attached CV I hve eperience wokng wih children of dfferet as .
uring three eas I babisitted my neighbor 's two daugtrs .
Wn I started they we of 3 and 6 yeas old ad I loved to prpare crafts to do with he ad uslly I had to give tm dinner .
In aition , the last three ars I have en as volunay in my tnns lub , her I have develope different skils to oranze activtes , sports ams and competitions for chilrn fr 6 to 14 years l .
I am an energetic , ositiv d outging person .
I noy doing whatever kin of spor ith my friends .
Workin wi chidre I have learned to be more patient ad reover I am ale to motivatng them to do e bet of theseves .
Also I have gined communicational skils speaking with th hidren ad e families .
In rde to work in he kitchen I am a really god coo and I used to help my parets every weekend .
Fially , although I usually speak Spanish , my second tongue is English .
Withut oubts I am te perso yo ar ookng for an it is a ob that I would be ry cited to have .
I look orwrd to hearing fro you ,
Sincerl
Susan .
Public transprt is a usful way to comute om place to place , especially in big ciie .
Besie t advantages r cheap an fast thee re many disadvantages of taking s or tain such as tie , qaliy of srvig , n crowedness .
it is said that instead of taking puli transport , comuters will travel by car because of s convenience . in my opinion ,
ubic tranort will be rdly replae by traeling by ar .
First of all , Publi transport is ued by many people who do not have ars like students and workers . They can affr to by ckets .
o exape , my student ti , I used to ake busses to go to school ery day and come back ome .
Secondly , The infrastructue in the b cities is ot sufficient fr al the cas .
Traffic ms always hppen in the us hours hn there are so ay cas on he rod .
Fossil fue is running t of resurc .
It akes the ptol 's rice increasing vey ay .
It a been affecting to the environment lke climate chane , incrasing droughts , and floodin aeas thnk to increasing the emnds of using petrol for privae rs .
In conclusion , pblic transport would be t exellent tranportation etho for the increasing demands of commting .
Introduction
The im of ts reot is to examine e aailable lca tansort usg and possible improment .
Curently , t local transor avilabe e buses nd taxis .
Bus in need of rpar
The most used pblc trasprt is the u .
h town is covered with more than thry lins most of thm wit a dupiate performing e same pah on the oposte diection .
Hweve , Bue are mosty used by very oug peple and ol people .
Children ftn ue them to go to and back rm school , ad the older population , with increased proems seeing f away , prefe to s the bus to trave ound e city .
In my opinion , te bigst proble wih bes is that they are becoming ver degraded , nd in deerate need of repair .
os of them do n't hav air conditioning , meaning ta in te summer they are tremendously hot , and ome hav problems wit the windw hat case he b to be extemel cld in wier .
e alternative - Taxis
F t averg middle - aged person the lgical option is to e a ta .
Taxis e aailable throughot the ty , ad an be cale by a simpe phone messge .
The bad side with txis is that they are till vy expensive , wi all te xta tae and different zons .
Recommendation
There have been rmors of the contruction of a Mtro in our town .
at wold be an excellent alternative to the curnt means of trsportation , sine th are fast , are n't affected by trafic , n thy are generally heapr ( ice they rely on electricty ) .
Another oion would be to create a system to rent bicycle ; this has een done in ny cities th great rsults .
Hi Davi ,
hat 's mzing , I just wnte to write you an sms and at th se time I 've receivd an ail ro you !
It 's great that you college mates want to isi uth Bohemia .
I love hs plc so much !
I 'll recommend them lot of jeels tha coul be interesting r them for sure .
Frs of all , if they r tying in Čeké Budějovi , hy can spd there at lat the days ith sighseeing .
Anyway they mt visi our ai sqae with my histrica buildings .
hey can climb on " Blac wer " and listen to siing from he to hall .
ere is a hue number of shops in the centre so what about dong shopping ? Sightseeing in ths town is r tourists very cnveient beause thy n rech everything on ot .
If the weather is nice , th could definitely take a ti to Kleť .
It 's h biggst hill wher you can go on the lookut tower ad it 's not fr from Čké Bějovice .
Tere is an interesting oervatory too a what 's me te best staurant I have ver ben in .
Th must definitely order the bst soup in the word .
T best y to get there is by r .
Čský rumlo is worth seeing as wel .
Tere 's a peasnt historical cntre d a monumental castle placed on the bg rock .
They can see ere 2 brown bes nd lt of sovenirs shops too .
Yu an ak a bus there .
I hope ou friends'll be satisfied with my ti .
If y ant to kno more about t detnation , ust write me a mesage or give me a call .
A he best , Ivana
The statment given in th rubric proposes an sue of the future of pli transport in dvloped countries .
I do n't agree wi this viewpoint due to several reason .
First of l , ehcles designed to carry lae numbr of pepl can t be unnecessary in bi cities .
Mode megapolises are suffering om surplus of atomobiles .
It happens not ony becase of environmental aspect , t enta as wel .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and ads , filled with parked cr .
Thus , it is absolutely possibe wsh of aveage peon , h speds most of the im in owntow , to replace a ca for a bs or an unergound .
The mn reason is general fatige from the ue number of veicle around .
econdly , taing it account of long - distance trips a not be aoded .
Whatever type of journey o took , ou uld be more likely to prefer using tra or lne , because it oud be mc or cnvenent ad would not eand an physical tension .
Meal one can not be excluded , bt that is e differen questio .
Overall , thre are a nmbe of causes to disagre with he sggestio , that individual ansport is getting more and mor opulr in comparson wit publi .
e ny thing , that definitey should be changed in the fuure , is an approach to usage of cars poered by asolie .
ear h Roquetas Concert ll , it cn be fon a Japanee restaurant nmed " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not ll known yet , but th does n't prevent that quickly ges busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Although somtime it might be rather noisy , becaue of he peple gtered hee , I find it dor quite attrctive ad , as usual in ths kind of restaurants , elaxing .
e staff is charmig , helpful and pleaant as well .
However , it might be that you had to wat a wle f your food to be served , bt wor it .
Y can choose fro a varity of dishes in their menu - sushi , ki , " ec .
Different kinds of sshimi are ofere - of mackerel , a as , ocops , utter fish .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I ae to mentio he soups , especially h seaood up .
Delicious !
It desers to be mntioned the gret variety of rc n noodles - with chiken , ef , prawns , vegetables .
All dishes ar served with a careful presentation , are igly creative ad er attractive to he eye .
A egative pit of the resturnt , in my vie , is t lack of a dessert me .
As a concusin , I recmmend visiting " Ihiban Rstaurant " , you 'll have the cane of njying a delicious mel in a certainly greeble atmosphere .
Reflectiv Writi
I ae dne to te reponsibiliy for my n learning .
Indepndnt larnng has bcome an indispensable pr of nishing teriary - lee education successfully .
However , taditonal teching method , oce - feed the studens , hs me me overly dependent on tchers in hia , which has ld me to folo teahers indisciminately .
Compared wih A course , it tn to be taken responsibiliy for finshing assessments independently , especially r academic writing .
Firstly , it was too difficult fo me to ad in assessments on tim , because I used to spend too mc time on playing gme without techer supervision , so ha I alays d ot have enough te for finishing academic assgnments independently .
By this tren , I hve became a procrastinatr fialy , which enabled me to fce th problems of tim managmet .
In tis see , e tm , " te magement " mens he biliy of otrolling time on pioritizing tasks , and planning effetive scedulig of me to balance stuy d work , nd kepng concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Develop a srtegy in studyig is vitl .
Rowh ( 206 ) states o will say up late for accomplishing assessment efre he deadline is due without planng in advance .
herfore , he best way is leaving 30 minuts everyday for eadig and beginning to ea at ne .
Based on xamining my atul experience and reearc , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessu time management in indeendet earning is the root case of these problem .
Then I mde a w conscious canges tt I began to manae duration for finihng my homework ahead of some wks , as wl as stopping procrstinaing in th most importan ares of my ie .
As an independn learner , it is my sle reponsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very iortant actor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as ivin me an advantage in terms of coping with te callengs of future chelor of Nursing in ustrali .
The mot istrical lace in Span , it is t ty of Cáees .
It is in the south of pin , there h wether is warm .
Cáces is visited for an ourist every year .
Moreover , hee a mny things to see n do here .
At th eginning of th th century , Cácers as conqueted by the Aras .
Te spent ie centuries here .
At the nd of th 14h century , Cáceres as conqueted by the Romans .
Therefore it is a multicultural n multiracia society .
On the other hand , Cáceres are dvided in two ain reas , the new city , which has modern ad ig buildings .
As well as the itorical ity , it is short n arows streets .
e center of the historical it is the Big Square , there are mxed Arbs and Romas buildings , and w cathedrals .
The ms iporant palae is Jorge 's palace .
orge wa a nd , ho on an importnt battle gains Ars .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a plae , I ill recommed Cácer .
Fo several reasons .
In the rst pace , peple r really fun ad friendly .
In th second plc , you would lear he histoy of pain on thse streets .
In he third place , this year Cáceres is he capital of he gastronomy in Span .
My favrite restaurant is Chinnese .
In ceres we n t Chinnesse food in Food use .
Some peple do n't lke this food , but in ts restaurant ou n e other ypes of oo , for eaple Spanis od and Mexican food .
The atmphere in ths restauran is vey od and very cln .
This restarnt is very big , we wou n't ave a probl .
Waitress and waiter ar very friendly and funny .
Thi resturant is ufet , we aid 15€/pero ad we a eat d drink all ta you want .
Fom my pot of view , this restaurant have one drawback , th waters and aitress do n't go on the tble , you sould go to yu od and drink .
I love tis restaurant , th food is very delicious .
In this e of materials , the listening pssge dicusses advtages of alhol and h hey contribute to improve heal , ad personality and te reading contradict this by evealing own sie of it .
In the listnng passag , the professor discusses the advatages of alcoho and hw it helps to educe har attak ad stros by 40 percent , u to the fat that it redue blood clot , n slowing the deterioation of brain funcion .
In ddition , moderate dinking hlps to eep healty movment , becse som researches has sown ta people o drink moeratly have less proportion of body f , because alchol speed up metabolism wch mkes calories bur quiky .
Moreover , it is stated ht peol who drink moderately have poitive social behavor which means that they are more likely to establish cntact an nn - drnke , and they are re social , popar and they are likely to be married .
On he oter had , te readig contrast this by mentioning disadvatages of alhol .
Firstly it is stated ta alcohol lead to wight an , because it s more clories per grm an any ther dink , a it is menioed in e passage that you need to wal a mie to los caories of gas of wine .
Furthermore studies hav sown ht acohol induce appetite which makes peopl consme more tan they need .
or exampl reearchers ave found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
Secod , alohl can caus sm serious helth issues , especill cirrhosis of th live , eat filre , brai damae and variety of cancers .
hir , alcohol takers tend to aggression and violence .
In fact studies shos that 86 peren of all homicides and 60 pcent of sexl assalts , are linked to alcohol
Wi the development of globalization , there are vrities of impacts or different spects of daily life .
Pepe als have a discssion of ts advantages and isadvantages .
Ths essay will dscrbe bo psitive a negative influences of transportation in Chin by ome examples .
Firstly , thee is a benefit of globalizatio tt popl can buy some special products from varios countries on te inernet instead of buying in e production si .
So transportation of goods has become an imprtant link for bot e pblic and busnesss .
In recent years , there ar some dffeent size of logistic mpanies he been hold , n different modes of trnsprtation a evelope rapidly .
F eample , in e as he an transortations were hps , trains and trucks , so people had to wat ong tme for thi parcels ad letters .
Hwver , now th increasing nubr of consumers a logistic opanies has chose airplanes which an save much te to ransport their arcels .
Secondly , thre is sill a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in ina .
The reaso is ha the development of globalization has et o counry improve its economy .
However , becaue of he increasing standar of liing , a rowig numbr of people have chosen to ravl which has broht a havy presure of trasportaton .
So in order to transport a hue number of visitors wh r not on foreignes but so nativ people , the govermnt d experts have to tink om diferent ways to solve this roblm .
Fr exampl , som cties lik Bejig ad angzhou hav to limit the number of ars whch cm for traveing to decrease te pressure of transortatin in igt spots and it centre .
In conclusion , globalizion on h transportaion as brought th psitve and native effect to Chinse eope .
So in my opinio , peol need to fid ight ys to let globaization puh the standard of or living wherea discussing t advantages and disadvantages .
Ba is a mall vllge of Itay an it is als my tow .
Bra really takes care of th environment .
If yo visit it y wi probably appreciate al th innovations applied to save u environmet .
F example all the membes of the town couci use ies so they are a good exple to al citizns .
So if you wat a bike , to moe easly , you have to ke a ar whih allow you te access to a bis sitate in pecified places in the city .
In my town ca do n't pollute .
Te have gree engines .
hes engnes e bi fls so th environment is nt affced .
I am rely pou of my city because tere r f .
I think if we want to protect our envionment starting from te little thigs .
Nowadays it 's vr imporat to be biligual .
Spaking just your native langae is no enough to work or to tavel .
Moreover If you want to find good j yo must abl to speaking two or three language without ay problem .
You sold speak accurately and alo fluent .
I know to spe tre languge .
My native languae is atlan ecaue I 'm om Vlenca .
Also I nw Spanish a besides I 'm learning English righ now .
I 'm livig in Worcste oe ity rom England .
I 'm au air .
The last year I w in Poland and I could see how a important to speak English , wh this iim ou ca communicate ith oer pple , no jt English people if not with around the world .
When I was a child I di n't understand why I eedd to arn glish but now I ca see how impoant it is , for hs reason I 'm motivated to learn .
On the othr han I love traellin and in cse tht you know several languag all will be easier .
You ould understand te guide , h sign ...
ou could enjoy a ot and lern mre abot differnt cultres .
On he contrary to arn language te a long tim an y ne to be patient .
Morver he languages curss ca be expensive in my opino te best hin tht you ca do is move into other county it would be easer to stay motivtd beaue you ned to learn it to ind a job or to make frins .
As f as I c s , it 's imporant to know languages no just your mothr lagage .
I encurage everybody to learn languages .
It old be nice an gie o more opportunity to do whatever you nt n do n't lose heart at e beginning oud be diffcult bu bit by bit you will see your prgrss .
Wt housand years of built d fiht r the liberty of r naton , we c be proud of or history .
Vitnam is a small ountry but had defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam io heir clon .
With stong patriotism , Vietnaeses nowadys r trying to deeop e ntion , to e in te globalization progress .
Howvr , as a residen of h country , we a not forget bout he history a about o ancestor srvices rendered to t naio as el as r cultur and ideoog .
As a reward for thei ffors .
Each nation hs their n historical places , Vietnam is nt an otast , we also have man hitorical laes hih help the youer generations to ndertand troghout about te past .
Those paces wil hel em to tke a cse lok bout the ot of ur tion ad larn how to appreciate our culture , custo n tradition .
We an mention an lces such as wor Lake , Hỏa Lò prio , Temp of Literature ...
Today , I will mention about one of the ioic places of Vietnam which you can n mi when travel to Vietnam .
It is Temple of Literature , t irt uiversty of he ntion .
Tmple of Literare was buit in 107 nde te Ly 's dynasy .
In spte of wr ad h destruction of im , Temple of Literatue is tll preseved in good shape until now .
We a still see an anciet trctures which show the main trend of architecue at tha time .
As mn other Asian country , in the st , we were greatly nfluened by th ideology sysem of Confuius , a philopher from Chia .
He blt up a system which baed on 4 essential reltionsips in the society .
Te lessons that scholars at that tim were received , most of the re about his idology .
Oterwise , hey learned mostly abot literature , poetry .
We can briefly desibe th overall trucure of Teper of Literature which consists of si parts .
Frtly , hee were 3 main gates , he center one ly f the kin , e lf ie one was or administrators , h riht site one was fr miitar .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from asid .
Ten the are five courtyards from h first o to he ifth one fo outside to inside .
O remarkable , featured point about Temple of iterature is the people who passed 4 rounds of xaminaton , the gaie osition titles would be graved their nams on e stone gre carried on sone turtles .
Right at the momen entering , you can se tem fom two sids of te courtyards .
Temple of Liteature is a holow ace r studts evn no .
Bfore th university entrance examinations , may students come he and wh for ter lck .
eple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be sen as t os featured historical plac in ietnam .
It cotans ot only th histor ut also the culture , customs so it is te firt official institute whih you a n ms ot .
I do a lot of sports f example : cycling , karting , football nd basketball u my favourite pot is swimming becaue I have done this sot sne 195 wih my grandfather .
I loe swimmmng beuse if ou are ngry or your ob is very stressul , o il feel wel ftr thirty mutes on a pool .
Ao , yu meet a lt of eople while you practise spr .
This is a relaxing srt bease whle y are swimming you cn think in your lfe .
Other good oint aout thi sort is ta you shoul ov l art of our body .
Actually , his spor is vry healthy , so om doctors are ecomending this type of sport .
You an do different sports on e pool o exmple : swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
If you begin to practise tis spr , you shoul wear gods snorkeling lsses d you shol warm up iv minutes bfor ou get into e pool .
Besides , yo can have cold shower ater and bore that y do simming , hs is go because yor ody temperature is httr th the war of th po a if y get into h pl very fast yo can hve a probl wit your bod emprature .
Topic : Mt . Fi
In Japan , there are many interesting ples to visit .
For eamle , Kyoto is a poula place to visit because it hs a lo of invaluale temples .
Sapporo is an attractiv plae because raw fih n vegetables re fresh and ice to e .
Among tes paces , Mt .
Fuji is t ost wonderful ace in Japa because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a poplar pae d it ffers several excitg activities .
Te firt reason is Mt .
Fuji has ery beautiful cenery .
For istance , in winter , Mt .
Fuj changes to a white face by sn .
h whte Mt .
Fuji is very beutiful , so it has been the subje of countless woks of art suc as e ' Thirt - si Views of Mt. Fu ' , a series of " uky - e " pinings by Housa .
Also , in suer , almost all the now on Mt ui mts nd it chnge to brow and green oors .
At a summer snset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic ha mn pictures d paintings have been done of Mt .
Fi at sunset .
Depending on the seso , Mt .
Fuji makes variu butiful sits ad it always fascinates many people .
The secon reon is hat Mt .
ui is a ppula mountain .
People who ome he ar so man .
A lot of travelers and libers come to clib h mountain a more than 20,000 people climb to the p of Mt .
ui in a year .
In addition , ma caeramn n pnters come to rerd the bautiful landscap of Mt .
Fuji .
Al , many observers of eather , tars or spa cme here , snce hs is an important place to obsrv weather , sts nd spa .
The last reon is that Mt .
ui offrs severl exciting lisur activitie .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in ate July d ugust .
To lib to the mountaintop is not easy because the heig is more than 3,0 meters .
However , umerous climbers come to exprience seng the very beautifu view such as the exuisite rsing n from Mt .
ji .
Beides , a marathon takes pace ver year .
his marathon is vy hrd due to severe conditons of low oxygen ad a steep lop , so eopl h e pou of strong ody ty tis marathon .
Frthermore , around Mt .
Fj , hee r five beutiful lakes d many hot spins .
The offer a camping , fshing , uising , and taking a ht spring bathing wth a nice view .
Eoying an activity with a nice iw is relaxing to people .
Japan h a lot of ood laces f relaxing , but the best plac is Mt .
Fj .
Mt .
Fi has beautiful scnery , it is poplar and it offers ecting activities fo pole .
Mt .
uj ill continue to ve wonderful impression to many people forever .
Str
The doorbell ran .
Whe I opened th dr magine my surprise as thee as nobody stnding .
NO on at all .
I could only el a hot , smlly strem of wind . '
here must have been a aughty child ' I thought witut woying .
Lter on the week I a don te dshes when the kthen door suddenly ened fr no reson oever I felt h same h id in my face and the ae funny smell .
Tht was hen I first started to believe hat something wrong wa happening at me .
T next time it happened to me such a ting I fl no wid b tis particlar stink .
It as as if somebody was cooking ome aliflower .
At hat tm I ws unemployed so I a n't le to move hou and as I s n't afraid of it I had to put up ith those strnge events .
So I decided o to pay any attention to it n rry on wih my norml life .
Now I ave to ami hat I have a problem I am hring hme wih a ghost or tw but I do n't min as long as he or h lves me alone .
My name is Crstin a I am 19 year old . I hin I am the suitable erson because I hve been worki with children f quite long .
My prents both hv been working since I w 12 so I had to take re of my lile sister , o is fr years yunger than me .
Morovr , I love sendig time with children .
For is reaon I have bn doing hee courses durng this year .
These are quite interesting and hve helped me to kno depe hildren 's pleasures .
I hve learnt a lot of activities hich let them have fn at t ae tme tey t in tou with nature .
I am ae to cook some delicious ihes to .
My gandmother used to un a restaurant and e taught me ome Itali recpe .
I av to practise moe , bt I hnk I am qualified enough to do ti acvity .
I am vilable a summer so I could start to or wheneer you woul nee to .
I woul lk to kow as soo as posibl whether you are irng me since I have to loo fr a hea d good alified air company which I ca affr .
Please cntact me if yu needed ay more information about me .
Bet shes .
Good afternoon .
My ae is Jon , I 'm twentynine yrs old and I ive in Romania .
This mth on h 9'th I 'm gon to have an oral d wiing examination on my Elish languae knowledge .
The English language is a foreign lnguage for me , but I av stuied it for ten yers nd hopefully I wil manage to pass t exm .
I am particularly concerned bout my speaking skills n I hoe I wil n be so nervous in front of th teachers .
The exm is ssume to be on professional maer .
Subecs like pasport , travel dcuent , tid conty citizen , inhuman reatment or punishment will be the mi criteria to h exam .
I have hee mre ays to prepare yelf beter , but to be honest I 'm not in the mood of studin .
I 'm gig to rvel l te way to te capital of my country , approximately three hudrd and fifty kilometres .
I called a girl wo is a colleague of mne fro another airport .
he sad she wil join me for the exam .
In fa se il as partcipat in h exam .
Hopefully I will pss e xa an wil atted te English course fr a oth .
Afterwar I will hv th righ to take part to the intarnational missions o maintaiing th peae uder he patronage of the European Uion .
I wish to come bac happie .
Dear Ms / Mr ,
I am wriing in regard to th environmental prolem u e rsearhing .
Firt of all , I am gin to present to yo some gnral inforation about th environment in our village .
- Our llage s only 200 ctizens , therefore the amount of rubbih prodce in year is isigificant to e environme in our aea .
- There in a recling facility nar our village and 80 percent of the rubbis is being recycled .
- 60 percent of the houses in h village hae slr panl .
Secondly , I am ging to info ou on how our citizens e tryinq to keep he aea ean .
- There ar cleaig ampgnes twce a year .
- her ae separate rubbish bins for plstics , metal a glass in the hole aea .
Lastly , I am oin to explai how is our vilae kept attrcive .
- Lt yer tere as a campage for renewing and repairing th most tractive pas of te villge .
Al the important buildings n monuments had bn cleaned and repainted .
In conclusin , I ould say th our village is an example for enironmentally conscious iy .
I he this rprt infmed ou fuly on the envirnmental ituaton in ur villge .
Sincerely yours ,
Kina Yevtuhenkoa .
Rept : How Budaest takes are of its environment ?
It 's ver ha to organise a big cit 's rubbish delivery syst d to keep th city cle .
In connection wth the fst isue , udapest compltes the task vry wel .
In Bdapest h rubbish is collected saretely .
In the n ildings there e sally utbins fr each material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there e more and mre sparte dstbins .
So , lmot erybody , who lives in Budapest , has te chance to u this orm of rubbish olection .
It woul be loica th we reycle the garbae as much as pssibl , a there are factories , where he use hi technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use muh recycled goods recently .
And it is a serious problem , becau in t n so distant future we wo n't be able the handle th garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deosit tht .
An anoher ( ne coul say e most ) important quesion about a apital city is : how can is it ?
In tt area Budapes ccomplishes vr awful .
In spite of h numbr of th cleaners , e ow is dirtier th Vienna or Prague .
Nauraly it 's mainly epens on us : if we could u our garbage ito the dubin , instead of letting it on th street , it wold be easier to keep it clean .
Howev , it woud n't be impossible to colct e rbish a cla th stree mor often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
Since yoga entered my life I y to change my common iw of many things .
My liesyle is amn them .
cologial situation is eriously ba not only in my city bu in my country in general .
Rubbish ecycle is e biggest poblem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
Al the rubih is taen to the uge dump a w kilometr off the city .
What a smel !
ut peopl mostly do n't ce about it .
We eep on generaing ubish and using harmful hings .
till we use plastic bags an bottles , phspate dergents , throw bateries away .
Not to mnton diapers ad sanitary towes , aper apkins and any otr things .
Unfortunately we do n't sparate rubbish .
Can y imagine why ?
Bcase recycling is harly developed hr , in Ukraine .
Thr 's no fctorie a plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've aledy got seial yello bn for papr and glas in the cy strees .
r a er long tm I 've een ding my bt to separate ubbish n en , it was really right sumr morning , I s tha seial yelow bi o paper and glass was emtied by the same car with th other ubbsh ...
Yells bis as carried aw fom our yard in a few dy .
Once again there 's ony on b for ery grup of rubbish .
ar r or Mdam .
I he just ed your advertisement at your age r reuitment people in summer amps all over t A .
Fis of al I have proded epeience working wi chiren in tat rage of g .
I ve taken courses abot First Aid t en I am oing a course as a personnel training for children with sme dely and diability .
eondly , I have en orkin in a restaant for more hn five yes .
Starting there , beginin as a dishwasher , beg promoted until I got e main posiion as a Chef .
On my spare me I wor in a on pofi organization as a clown .
I hav been lernin English for 8 years after that I t fo FCE xam wo ear ago , as sn as I pas te exam , I start preparin a cetificae dvanc in Engish exam even or I ould demonstrate my Englih skill , wriing and spoken .
I have fther rofssional a personal referenes .
Fnaly , I am sitabl to have an intervi if you consider ositivel my qualifications .
I wil be aitig r or reply .
Yous faithflly ,
DATE LOZANO .
e fact ta " shopping is n always enjoyabl " might be considered an universal truh .
Although it is true ha shopin might n be a vr intresting toic , it ms be sted th it is necessary .
There are any diffrent kinds of shopng : e.g. clothes , goceries , furniture , instruments , t .
It a depends on what you ae about to buy .
When it comes to clothes the ae also different kinds of peol , the ones wh do it or necessity and th ones wh do it fo joy .
T forer might not be so ejoyble whist e atter , obviousy , does it for enjoyabe urposes .
Groceries and furnire , as well as instruments , folw the same paten .
It all depns on h tp of peson buying it , their personality ad a wide age of other haracteristcs which wl o be covrd o .
In lt pac , it is undotedly influenced by h pce in which you a buying ( i.e. the oom , th organizaton , t prie , h distance , etc ) and he unknown people who are in it which may cus trobl or facilitate your shopping and ke it more enjoyal .
These factors will be explained in another occasion .
In conclusion , shopng might be both : enjoyable or not .
In order or it to happe , a range of diferent variables av to take place .
Although there are a lot of people o trogly believe he bet way of raving arnd the city is by motrbike , there is so a big pat of the society who is sre it has too many drawbcs to be worth buying e .
Owin a motorbke s advantage .
ne vry mortant positive aspect is that , hanks to h small amount of petrol it eeds , the keeping of a motobike is considerably economical .
In addition , as it is smllr hn a c , parking ecomes much es complicated .
Besides , or th same rean , it is easier to avoid traffic jam .
On e other an , motrikes do als have drawbacks .
For eaple , th lc of safety , which raies the probabilities of gettng hrt if an ccident occurs .
Another disadvantag this kind of vhicl has is the ow nuber of passengers who can rave on a motorbike consequently not everybody fin it convnient or cmfortable owning e .
In conclusion , oing a motorbike an be useful or useless dpening on th lifestyle you have , yu ecnoic status , n th numer of peole you nee to travel with .
He yu ve ben in trouble , which type of transport you should take ?
I a , t !
Let 's imine : you an chse betwe plane , tin and oat .
If yo mus come a og a , hen yu 'll robably o r travelling by plane ...
It 's a good iea , but ... I 've got an aviophoba !
It mks my ever journey unplasnt ad I feel uneasy ll the week before te flight .
But excludin cases like ne : lying is he fastest , t ms ae ad ofen e cheapest way to travl .
We can take a ip by boat .
But this mode of transport is n't so cofrtable , esspecialy hn we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because rvelling by boat is allowed only by te sea or ay szeabe rer , hic oures r usually plaed ls conveniently thn rod or ee ailway acks .
In ha case it indicates that my faouite way to travel is rain !
For me it a so very impornt adantags , like tht ou do n't and in traffics , reductions r tuents , low risk of acidens , otentialiy of slepig , eventuality of travllin th bi or othr big luggage .
ost railway nes r quite spruce and for me , travelling by tain is pleasure !
In my pinion , everything depending on our preferences , bt ran is general - purpose mes of transport , I rcommnd it !
My favorite sport is adminto , whi I have plaed for eve years nd touched hi spor when I wa in junior hig .
At first , I 'm nt intereste in it , since I did n't any idea ho to play , as I ha only playe basketbal a volleyball , however , I dd n't njo the two at all .
Morove , I ao did n't like to do exercise whic was tied and my strength w exremey weak that eery time wen measure 800 kilmetrs I always raned e at thr .
But wen I ecidd to it asid d catte it my riends , ne of my mle friends , o has sil kept in touc at resent , asked me to play toethr .
After he o te reasn hy I id n't ave y desie to play , he told me to give self a try , d if I sil did n't like it , he would't foe me .
Then , he taught me ho to play , for exampe , he hitting , used t stregth of e whole arm n di nt just used elbo , or yu old feel tired shory .
Whle playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I ve never swetd so much and felt refreshed efore .
The funniest thig to me was that I thought I wer a ki who tudie kindergarten o the way he tauh .
Whe hitting bll back successfuly , he would say ' ' good , ep going or you d it '' .
Hitting ball gain and gin , I learned I lov badminton unconsciouly , wih not only inclde runnig b also concntating .
adinton is an easy sport that everyone an ty , js focus on al n hit it bck .
In adtion , bore playing , must wa up your body and rlax ur muscle aftr plying in case suffered injuries .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of ren Pepper Cafe
Dear rs Ahy ,
I am wrtig to apply for a hance to wk at weekends in your ce as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking r my family is o of my hobbes , nd I am terefore fond of finding different kns of food .
In addition , havig be equppe wi my rather good English - speakig ills and coss - culura commniction skills obtained durig te working time as a receptionis for a Canadian mining compan , I fe very confident d icable whi dealing th custoes .
Last u not east , I am willing to work o long urs if rqured .
With such qalitie , I strongly elieve at I will do this ob very el .
Another reaso I apply o his b is tat it will be elly a god ance for me to help parl increase my income at thi time and improve my fail 's lvig conditions .
I am loking foard to hering from you as soon as possible .
Your consideation and acceptance of my appicaion will be uch apreciated .
Yours sinceely ,
Tong Sn Ku
The orld whee we live now is more sutable for ong people , as may could sa and prove , evn toug , in so ountries , oder people can ave a ecent li withu depending on young eopl .
nfortunately , t reality mpel me to ait that yun pple hs more opportnitis to eno life because of l the technological advance tht older peple ted to o unerstand well .
Als , bcaue of the fact tat the urbanizati hav n helped st contres to adp the cities ino places moe accessible to senior peple .
Th e technologies are somting that we can not love wihut aymore .
But , unfortunately , the e gadgets can be ry difficult to mnae or master , secially for he part of h population who did not lear bot tem while they were hilren or student at th univrsit ( lder people ) .
I am one of the fortunate people ho was brn on the technological era , wich eans ht I he ha access to computers , gps and mbiles , for example , since I ws a lttle child .
The technological euipmnt help me in my dail life in a w th I can no nger tvel or even cmmute in my city wihou hem .
The fact that thse utensils are familiar for youth make them helful and useful .
On the other hd , to someone h did t have thes whe hy wre more yung and aciv , such as grndmothers a grandfathers , he new instruments ar just things hat they a not se nor understand .
The olde people e limited in their abilities to us tecnology at cold be valuable to provide enjoyable time at hm , on the street , in a museum , c .
nother transformation , whh is orolary fm the advans that hmnity hav ee seng lately , is t modification in th cites d or livg abits .
Sice la century , the wold population is more present in e bger cities , whch , as a reult , hav en increasing in size nd in problems .
The urbanization mplemnted by govrnment coss e decades in te cities e ometimes o suitabe fo ll public .
or instance , older people or th nes wi disabiliti have great difficult to use t metr ytem becau of the numbr of stairs .
My mother is a perfec std of case o me beaue she c nt wel the trasporation system in Prs or New Yr wihut en lo and very tired frm all e walking tht sh ha to do wen comming .
Th mobiliy of older people is ertainl reucd if compared wh a yougr rson .
ometimes , he lk of solutions to the reduced capacity of movemet arund on big cities compels the oer population to ty at home .
In this case , they do ot have t possibiity to go u ad eno h benefits hat cities may bring to ther lves .
Therefore , the new technologies ad the transoration in h cties re er beneficial for he younger part of th populaion who is capable of understanding w to mnage h moden instrumen an se all kinds of transportation .
On t other hd , for the older pepl , the modernsatio that we eprience is an obstacl for hm to enoy a that there re out there .
The Active Leisure lub
Introduction
he ai of this report is to give my opinion aut the facities an services e Active Leisure Clbs .
Faciliies
In general the facilities are ell preserved bt e majority of the users think that the insallation shoul have an improemnt in the basktebll and tennis ours maybe he bathroom should be rmodelled .
Advantaes
The ub is locaed in th cy centre and it 's vey clean .
e orkers a very in n simpaetic a enjo teaching .
In oter words I could ay that is t best Clu I know .
Desadvantag
The atiities are expensive .
I beliee tt it woud be a od idea to fall in the cst of some activities .
Curioly the ub is losed On Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
However , the majoriy of usrs want to us te Club at weekends ad to sped eir free time he .
Recommendations
It 's recommend imprving h faciltie , falling in te pric and opening every ay unti 10.00 p.m.
Snce car s inventd , we have been seeng a lag icrase of car ' pruction d of is use .
In early das , pbic trasport sstem was n't vey efficient , as it wa in its beginnig .
Tere were few uses n tey would ak to lon , terefoe witng time s uite high .
However , as ime ent by , improvement s been mae in public trnsort .
Nowadays , they got modern and comfortable and te e n't as late as hy se to .
Travelling by a igt be more pleasant but it ca al be costly , o fuel can be ver expesve depending on the current economy .
ith regards to rafic , tavellig by public transport can alo be quicker , as there is a bu ae d no traffi o tube .
Hever , vr the past years , peole ha been travelling mostly by car whic seems to have led to higher level of air polutio .
This is undoutedly an important envirnmental issu ht shul dfiniely have o attention .
In spite of l cmpaigs aiming the ess e of the r but more of t publc ransport , people still se to prefer to travel by cr .
Celebrties an ther life take intriic place in lifes of contemporary peole .
h procs of becoming this ac rel and common in ur ocety bgn abu 100 ars ago and wht is really absorbig , naly 95 percent of advance ocety can not imagine the wor wihout an ki of information about famo people an their exitene at al .
Te question is if it is god to take a leaf o of their bok n I am going to alk around it .
It is good to have your ique ale sytem , u t stories about people who have een ding goo affects you a your fture decisions .
Probal if y hear about heroic attiude you wil be able to do wihout doubts somehing magnificent as ell .
In hs way I thik tht is od to look up to some celbriies who are righteous .
The second thing is tha if y are in trobl you 'll eel beter hn uual becae of well - known drama ased on factual stories ich happened to he famus pople .
How th English say : bett the devil you know .
Thee re angrs wich appear ecaus of overhining about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - asesment .
Even if u would like to be up to date with the last nws from celebrities ' privae life a professional career o have to remembr th he dia istort reality .
If soethng is n't atchy will not cach the poele attnion .
The press editors often ater detis heeupon tey get selling wel mteria .
If you beiee tht he mda says true you are wrong .
To m up , I blieve hat it is really imortant to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
Of course you can loo up to t celebrities but o have to be aware of te consqunces .
ach kind of uiing light help us , ut the mot importat is to cose the righ d accurate prson .
INTRODUCTION
e aim of this rport is to escrib Scedrin 's Schol of arts f hildrn and uth .
It is o of e best places in our tow where teenagers can develop their artiti skills .
GOOD POINTS
The school prodes lo of different activities o those h e intereted in muic , draing , dane and theatre .
tudents are taught by the highly qualfed taff .
Mre ha th , ll the clsss re fre .
he atmosphere at school is very creave .
Durg the whole school ear a reat nubr of exhibtios , concerts nd performance re iven by pupil themselves nd by invited mucians and artists as ell .
BD POINTS
The worst thing about e school is at not evyone c be aceted to study there .
Children ave to take ntance examination .
T othe thing is that students are not al to refuse aending om clsses the do no like becas those e consideed to be a pa of an educational standard for the particular artistic aea .
ONCLSION
It is deinitely wothwhie to study here , alhouh it is advised to let students choose the activitis ty prefer .
penmenon of homeless pepe became a serious proble ad ma couries a not solve his probem .
he number of these people is increasng nt just in e veloping countres b l over e rld .
In my opinion , homeless peoe re vicms because nood want to iv wihot a shelter .
First of all , being witout home is a horrible prblem .
One of the major reasons for his prblem is ws especially in the Arab countries ke Sia , Libya n Yemen .
Everyday on news We se t refugees wh are in a ierable condition .
Te iv in tents hat do not protect them of cld wathe or dangerous insects .
They do not hve enough fod .
In addition , finacial crisis , amst of h cmpanies hs a financial probem so he idal olution for them is downizing .
ftr a hie the people who are lid off wi not ve enogh money to liv , and hy wil become omeess people .
Furthermore , children street is a result of familis troubles .
Cse of divorce are increasing n an children scpe and prfer to iv in t treet instead of om ll of problems .
As opposed to he idea above , some peple believe that homeless people are criminals and ey ause danger on r society becase they ne moey and food so they ca ste or ll fr this .
To conclu , the world has a complicated issue , so Te governmens and t chartale organizatin must take a quick decision and put a ra solution to sole this proble .
he homeless peol r human beings d they must tak eir rights in lif .
st pl yoursef ogether , Tm !
ter the secnd false art yo 'd be disqalifid and hn u an kss victory goobye , - ta 's how I mently tune myself , - Take it esy !
There is a four hundred distance and e arries ahead - that 's her you 'll show ha o ot .
I wo n't loe , n this time .
I ok around tribunes : there ae n't so may peoe despite h fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champio of the season will be eined .
Well , y be it 's for the bes - les pressure .
Although whom am I dciving ... - I 'm thinin ad nrvusly streching t stiff neck .
- The pessure is so hih tat it n be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
i ther sportsmen ae haing like minnow groune by chance .
I must be lokin ike them from the side .
Everyone 's nervous except fo Jerome Tanny , last years champion fmou fo i threatening pretart grin , that we all cal " hark 's Smil " .
Tany is a uman - rocet ta 's rming up on a neihbor track line .
I no tha my old man avarro is th one to he sweaty hand now !
Evn from here I can see h anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bnch .
Tat 's stane but before the sar my thoughts as if an l stm locomtiv are ong to those dehs of mery whih rall hrd to get to in ordinary life .
ing to t ncreas of opulation , humn beings use more land to build ouses , hich lds to h decline of forest rat .
The large - cal building projects do let human have hoe , but nt the animals .
Tusands acre of forests to be destroye , ltting h climate chnge .
Our cities t f to uh carn dioxied , mking t gobl warmer .
Tus , the winter ecomes colder , d the summer becomes hotter .
Te hnge of climate leads a lo of terrible thing to brakig out .
h flod , drougt , and famie , a of hese makin geat efcts to hman and anals , fo insnce , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is no god fo the deveopment of umn beings .
For one ing , animals do ot have hme , so som of them become endangeed spcie , ore still , dying out .
For another thig , human will be ard to get cose to the ntre , and te nose of cities will do harm to hum 's health .
I think that efforts ms be taken quily to protect r homes by goermnts .
Firstl , the population should be controled , if human stl increase rpily , there is no more om f human .
Seconly , governments shold teh tei people how to prtct the environment , suh as destroying e armlan too muc is a bad choice .
Thirdly , rseves shod be put up to ovide room for animals , d we c hel th endngere aimals in hs way .
ially , governments should ue the space properly , like mang pans eore st up building , esimaing he effects to umn an aimas .
Ysterday , I wa asked to wrte an atcle about my favorite port .
My favorit sport is uning .
Ys just running .
Most people would sy that running is jt te mos annoying sport ever .
They ould ust do if the have to .
u I enoy myself so much doing his sport ev if it 's just runing arond .
Running ees ou fit in t as as yu get our body a you mind active n healy .
Going fo a u is t bs a to get your mind ee ad to hink bout nothing .
Moreover , yur bran gets oygen and yur by ges movement .
Yu blood is ow able to circuate easily through our aes .
I do n't mind that veryone complains about how awful unning is .
Running il ee be my favorite sprt !
Dear amp director ,
I think I a be the rght peron for this ob , I 'm ealy atint ad I really liove to be it kis , play with them and tang are of hm , I always have fu with tem .
I ave 6 younges brothers , 4 girls n 2 os n everytime my parents go o o a ob interview , dinner , to th movies , ec .
I always stay home and take ce of them , I inven aes for tem to hav f and the also can learn it them , sometimes I ta tem to he sports club I wrk on , I 'm a swmming teacher nd on my frtimes on the afternon I 'm with them in the ool having un , playin and tacing them to swim .
I ls ow a lot of coking because in junior high I too cooking leassns and I learned a lot of variey of plts d snak .
Ihope you consider me for th jb .
Thankyou o your im , hae a ood y !
Pulina
Dear arbaa .
ha a great new !
I am very keen on PC gme o .
What game r you playing ?
We houd meet online to ply together .
Do you know " Steam " ?
It is a great olie shop where you can save a l of money .
In ac ou robaby spen ore money tan u save , because you will at to bu all teir ctalogue .
Regarding yu question I am playing " rin 2 " sinc last eek .
I recmend it to you .
It h wizards , witches , knights , thiee , goblis , but it make you thn to .
Wishig seeing you soo .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite spo are slalom .
Most of th pople I know do n't ow what y re doing if o re trainng slalom .
ut I am ing to tell you abou it .
Let 's get starte with the bais .
Yu position .
To ski well you need do push ur by forward .
It should be a srait ie trough your toes , knees and shouders .
You need to s your muscles in yu stomach to st in the right oition .
Another hing that is iportant is the angle .
Te boy parts tht help y to get a ig ang is or oes , knees , hps and shouder .
A tr starts ith your toes , and then our knees and then your hps .
When you start trainin in course y eed to thik abut ee you turn .
Y should do t trn bfore the stick so you cn start net rn right after you ps the stick .
The bst thi with th spr is t feelin .
Th in blowing in yur hi , the speed and that you he ontrol of wh is happening .
It so fun because you can otce that y re gtting beter al t time .
Personal experiences
In the firs place I tel u h are the most important people in my li .
This is a question that I strugle to answer , t I ave to claim te ost iportant perso in my lf was nd is my marvellous fathr .
He ld me throuh the rnch of life an taught me to knw how is t bes ay to olow .
He is always on my mind even houh he is ot physially .
My moter always lps me to coose the best opto to .
I mst be honest d I ave to oment about no less important pople for me , as sc my best friend .
His name is Pepe .
He is aways with me even in e worst oent .
I still remember when I failed my lst exam , although I pass it latr .
He nve left me aoe .
He also cok tasy meals and ve me them .
We often go out together to e cinma , have a walk , do te shoping , eet u frinds , et .
We both enjo eing with a few close frnds .
To sum up , I ae to say there are too many eope in my ie , u few person so ind lie I jst entoned .
In our oern life moey has always ee pesented as something really iportant .
Many people think tht you ne much mone to be hay .
My opinion is at a minimum of money is only necessary .
This houd be enough to feel u happy lik a cfortable blnket dos .
It sart with your wok life .
At this moet yu ned moey to acquire the necessary to build an hpy li .
Without enough money you ill ot be able to be in good shape to work .
As , if you get enough y will be able to acquire your ow home to see our future family growng inside it .
O say ta having mny to b h latest gadget fel ou app .
Actually , if it 's e case , te happnss will be nly r a shrt tm .
The time of the gadget fshio .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that yu do n't nee muc money to be hapy .
You nd just the ncesary to get an happy long life .
Te rbn myth hat statues could move makes the contmporary pepl frightened .
And e Doctor h , Si - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorid this terror from the Weeing Angels .
They ppared fist in Blink , e of te Doctr Wo episodes .
ter Blin was brodcasted , it rised cmon fears about stats to tele - iewers in Britain and over the wld .
According to the recent pols in 27 and 212 carried ou by the British magazie , Radi Tmes , the eeping Angels wr picked as th os scriest villain of the Doctor who wice by about haf of respondens .
Thee esults e interstng ecaus Weeping Anges are n e old advrsaries of octo , lik the Dale exterminating a organic ad norganic thing in t wole uivese or t Cybermen tansformig all living thgs into cybor .
Thn , what akes e Weeping Angels frightening ?
To igre t the factors , uanny thory is sed .
Uncanny theo explains an uncomfortable sesatio oriinate fom perceving something famiir as unfamiliar .
This ird felng is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - livin as life - likeess .
In Blink , Weeing angels ' uncanny traits and awkwad backgrounds in the drama ma audience ave a scary d unfamilir sensation .
It is hard to read te Weeng Angel ' thoughts and motions om their ash - pe fce .
They look unnaural , in spite of thir similar appearance ih human .
Usually , th tend to hide thir face , since angels could not move ee when they watc each oher .
And expresions in their ees are coletely lacklustre , d to the eficiecy of pupil .
Also , thir facial expressions are almost flt as dad an .
hese factor make angels more grtesqu psycho - pass assain .
Then , it seems tat these stutes migh le their spiris , oly wh they got our gaze .
By the wa , th exterior traits of Wepin Angels are o nough to ak ople scared .
But hen it comes to their interior actor , the uncnny feelings are maximised by turning unconscious hysiological reaction into cscious ne .
Te angels move and ttack free , only we people blink their eyes or turn aond ther sight away .
However , eole blik their ee several ies a minute nd th a hardly awre of bliking .
Afer he Dotor 's warning , they ma not ur r back , look awa , an blink as we r protagoniss of the episode .
Beause it seems ie , if we do tat , agels wl come t fm TV a attac us !
Te , strangely , blinking r eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
oreover , there ar good scene ettings to make eole not link by immersing audience in that situation .
In several sces , eeing Angels , the lonely assasin , never shif their positions and postures , vn though proagnists ad sporting players bink , lk away or turn their backs .
Why do tey not me , ev if their prey is near ?
The reason is that TV viewers watch the simultaneously .
To chnge the po of the orific statues technically , dircors hide te anels by actor clsig a openi the dor or conceal the angls behind the actors hrough anning cameras horizontlly , f a mmen .
At at , directors fad ot the cees flickig o e lgt bul in basment for maximizing the threat of Weepin Angls !
At st , Blink fills people wth dread bou the circumstnces the ie in by fling unfamiliar .
After Saly , e heroine of Bin , takes e TARDIS k awa fm Weeing Angels in the derted hose , he hadw her quietly , as if ey might be lad ter for a ln ime .
Fo instace , h anges camouflage temselves as monumet of tomb in grave yad , carvings of the cathedral on h streets , and ornamental carvings in rnt of an antiqu police office .
Consequently , it ake audience nfamiliar with hir circustances .
Then tle - vieers are rrified at the basis of their iveihoods a ople grab up bankets tight !
Ann knew that it was oing to be a ery speal day o her .
She began to study at t restigios niverity .
e family s very proud of her .
She was e first of he siblings to follo that path .
Tha was a great sponsibility for her , as wll as prestige .
Ana feared , hat she would hv difficulties to cope up with te expectations .
owever , aquaintaces of r , th studens at e Univsity , cofored he .
They assured Ana th se ll be grante sccess du to e knwledge and diligence .
reover , er eld of studies w mdicine , which ws her ream .
Her grandfather , first docto in e famil , wa h authority .
The greatest wish of her life was to wok alongside m in t hospital .
The irt ste was made .
Fro now on , Anna woud have to direct her attntion to making grndfathr proud of her degrees .
She ntendd to prove tat eicine is suitable field of stdy for er .
MY FAVOURITE PORT
It sems at he st popuar sport in h whle word is ooball because it kee all people united so that is y I ove is sport nd t oy because of that , bu it makes me feel very excted and it involves a o of emotion as well then Do yo enjoy watching or playing footall ?
Surprisingly wen y ae rcticing hi sport ou prove yur velocity nd coordination too , so it could be an nteresting point to taking up if you ar not involved in it .
Personally what I can sy is tha pracicig hs sports make me feel strongly lively and n nl we I am playing it , it als hapes when I am watching it especiall drin e world cup .
Curiously her re mn way f taking ae of yurself when you are taking up ths sor so hat I advise you to do is do some exrcise befre y go in the itc , so it not onl prevent yo to suffer from spraid or othr kind of ijuries u minain yu acie to keep your am lel .
I am ecouraging to ose peole o do not ke prctcing sport that it the st wy to maintain ur n health
In Japan , thr are many rue re st in the Seto .
Te are usually aiing to avoi the hygienic prblems .
Potential ssues suc as rule vioaion ad confits a be ros bcause the foigners y t unerstan the rules .
apanese , as pintd ut by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 20 ) , is highly nfluenced by the vlue of universalism .
Similarly , the hg leve of uncertainy avoidance ad the low level of idulgence ( ofstee 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient nd self - disciplined .
The mn reao or Japanese that ey always follow the rules is to respect and hope no to cause ay confusion to other uers .
Als , Japanese thnk highly of the noyment of bathing in a cean environment .
As a rult in Australia , conflcts ma be caused due to the high lel of indulgence and individualism in Australian cultur ( Hofstde 1994 ) , peple may usually emphasize in thir self - satisfaction and tin of themselves irst instead of the public .
Tey may not consider the public interest n not give precedence to oter ues .
Consequently , the bathng pol may face t hygienic problem , ch as someone does no wash beoe bathing , an scrmbling issus .
In order to achieve ct efficiency , he choice of locations and dco mt be thoroughly considered .
A location whether it has sufficient quantity of water or not is the essential consideration .
Renta cost is also a limitation as it is retively highr in Australia .
Dea John ,
I am rting to rcommed a pace you sould definitely visit whi o 're in Plan .
The pla I 'm writing about is Wawel Royl Castle in Cracow .
It is not nl one of e most important onumnts in the whoe country but also a beautiful plac to visit .
It is a majesical astle conviniently located on t rier .
It 's a huge breah - taking complex of hitorical buildings ad royal grdns .
The pce is fascinatng , because it is lodd th hisory a ce to spd a dy and relax in royal gardens .
I al recommend goig to the vaults under he cthdral , where sine the 16 century may ing and amous Polish people have tir gaves .
Te awel Ryal Castle is an obligatory lac to see , hie visiting Polad .
It is well knon in te whe of Europe an ma freignes are coming to Poland jut to see th Craow city and among oter ting the awel Castle .
I so thoroughly recommend Cracow in gneral as a plce to vist , becuse it is beautiful , full of oter worth - seeing monuments , ue smal afes , various hoce of resaurats nd ivd hotels with rea vie on e iversie .
I hope o will desribe your mpressions out the city after visiti it .
I 'm looking forward to a repose from yu .
Yors faithfully
vdences sw that many natural system have been affected by climte changes , prticuarly by teperatue raises .
I tnk it is tm we srt takig environmentally fiendl attitudes to hl the planet .
First of al , as dioxies an crbons gases have been increasin ozo pollution worldwie in i cities , awaeess campaigns sould be pomoed to highlight the aternative uage of trsportation .
lo , the adoption of bicycls and wlking , for nstnce , seems to be a responsible attitde to the lanet .
In addtion , ater ollution is , as wll , a global roblem , as so many indusries dump a lage amount of waste into rier and lakes a also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
A solution could be done by improving recyling , waste disosa and en , by cleaning up shorelines .
Moreover , fe may ot be posible for the future generations , unlss we start fom now usn rnewable sorces of nerg , like green , to proote sustainability and improve energy eficincy avoiding sde effets to th plant .
To conclude , I firml believe ta we can educe damages d global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the s of green nd clean negy sources .
Drin the lesson I have been very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a qu but HT and CSS .
I lannd a ock test bou the crse followe by t students as homework ( tey ve been spending aot two weeks studying the course ) .
Studnt do the chk ( tablet or notebook , softwae ) .
e teacher as the students to report about te cck reslts .
Students g in the website
e tacher asks if thee ar any prblem
Students do t tst
At te d of e test , the eachr shos h resus ( orrect answrs percentage for ach stuen ) .
Students nteract wi h teacher during te revisin .
The eacher a the studets to coment on te results and the activity , ad discuss the opportunity to epea te atiity .
This review is to el you about h Astoux restaurant , which is stuted in t heat of Canes on the easore .
As you enter the pce yo e welcmed by a vy natur setting .
Sitting in any tal you hae a wonderful vw of the se .
The mn offers a wide variety of mouth - waterig starters : it is fmos r s oysters .
The man course y onist of a rsoto ih is , whc a be really trilling .
It miht be folowed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect eding .
l hs cn be accompanied by diffeent selections of ite ines .
Al the products e fresh n he chef taes gret care in seeting the best quality ingredits .
In addition to it the service wel accompanies e high quality of the cooking .
Despite t hih price of te fod , I h a pleasant dining experence .
This is the reason why I highl recommend goi to the Astoux restauran .
Te rm a full of things that day .
Michael came back from the chool after a tedious ay .
Hs boher Paul had een searching something in s bedroom and it seemd to be a completely mess .
Suddenly , Mihae w s brothe cring d he asked m " whre is my paystatin ? ? " . said Paul inconsolaly and he r to the kiche .
ayb someone cam in tei house an stol th game consle !
Michael tough .
Wh bth of tm sarte to sarch clues aroun e house they di n't found ou anything interesing , bt afr a while , tey had seen several pawprits and in that moment Mchel remembered a fac : He hd been forgotten his dog nide the ous but th pupy ad disappeared !
Obvouly he kew their d Spooy had been in Paul 's bedroom taen is playstation .
As they were lking fr it in the garde they realised h console a er a tree .
Surprisingly Spooky tned up an escaped th soe key in is mouth but Michael closed th door nd knw at tat moment he had made a mistak .
Vvidy as the picture depict , thee ae sx tep to pouce bak nots .
First of al , they are spposed to be desighed with rea are d considerations , su as t background colour , arwor and securi issues , all of which e crucial for note .
Secondly , skilled mahinist ill ke preprations for metal plates that are on of e most vita way to ensure the qualiy of bn note .
Tidly , sheet of bank notes ill be printed wh clou on th side , usually 50 bank notes p heet .
In ts ste , special in will be used for the mags , slightly raised on the notes .
xt , it wil come to the mo improtat ste , inspection .
Printe shets will be manually inpected .
There are o was o tese notes aftr ths ep .
If they a od quality sheets or partall dmage , but still in oo condition , they will be pakagd ad dispatched .
On the other hand , if they ae bad sheets or in bad condtin , they will be isposd seurely .
De Daie ,
How have o een ?
I hope the charit ent you 've oranised with your shol w successful .
I was very nspired by your idea and dcded to oganize an een with chrity club members in my shol as well .
Now that we have a wonderful ide I thought you would wan to har abot it .
I know hw much you ar abot animals and love hm , especially dgs .
The problem is th there are lots of stray ds in the streets and they disub eople .
We decided to organize a lay and donate e money we ern to a Dog Foundation .
We ried to inolve many studens as possible since we needed atos , costume designers and technicians .
Thaks to this evet , eole have learned to ok as a tem , improved thir self - teem a devlope their social kills .
Th evt was very successful as we ared € 2,0 in ju a day .
Pope w attended he eve ha a woderful tim .
Hpe ou liked my ide and looking forward to ha fom you on .
Lov ,
Fla
Just xt to h dsk , I would ut on a small warrob ; iven that there would have additional drawer ude e ed to kp some clothes , a large warrob mit not be eded .
I might ut on a mirror on the inteior side of oe of h wadrobe doors .
Wll , I have already explined in detai how I woud decorate o of the rm sides , so now I am oing to tell you what hee would be in the two remaining alls .
First and foremost , though , I av to a hat I am eaer reader ; hat being said , it may be obvos why I vale pace so uh : I eed a plce to put my book in .
So , rsuming what I ws saing , I woul lace two or three bookcass , filng h rmainin space ts w .
On the the hand , asie frm my edrom , I ould lov to ve my o rading nook , where to ad peacefully .
So , if my mental estimtes are correct , thre shoud still be nogh space available to lso place a litte armchair , whe I could ad more comfortably than in my e or in my chai ds , not ery r from the windo .
Oh !
, also , it wuld be really nc to have a footstool , too .
As ar as television is conened , el , bng onest , I haven't been watcig much TV for ars .
So , at mo , I would put on a furteen inche one on th top of n of e bookcases .
Nevertheless , it 's somethig dispensable for me n , for this reason , I think I could get by ithout havg on .
Now that I have alrea finishd describing e arrangement of my hypothtica bedroom , I am oing to alk about i lighti .
Frstly , I would only use eergy - saving ights to lluminat my drem room .
Secondly , my id is pting on , at leat initialy , wo lamps : a wite overhead n nd a rd desk on .
Regarding the dek is just beside th bed , th des lamp could be sed to iuminate both the es and the bd ead ; that way , placing anoter lamp in he furniur wul be unnecesay .
Lastl , I could conidr also putting on a stanard lamp ea my reading armchair , but I old need to actually e up and us my dream broom to se if it is really worh it .
Finally , conerning the bedroom colous , I blive th walls should be painted of a light colour , like ite , beg or , mye a light green . h ceing old be he sme colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
I sincrely dobt tht I painted th frniture , togh , so thy would display the colour of the wo tey wod be made from .
Ltly , I wud like that my curtains were red , given that is my favouri colur ; hower , I would use roon , which is qit similar , for te crtais because it is more sobr d , consequently , more sutble for my ro .
I think a famly matters uch f everybody .
We do n't choos aents and children , but we ca choose a ood husband or a fe .
My parnts divorced whn I w 16 year o , so I do n't have close relatins with my om a dad .
Athough I 'm very grateful to my mom for eat supprt in t most difficult te of my fe .
My moher ha a t of friends d sh is quite apy .
My dad ha a new faily d it see he is fne too .
My o is 13 years l and we understand ah other very well .
I 'm rather a frid to m tn a strict mother .
He does n conceal anying from me as I try to understand what he really need and upport h .
My hsbnd is alo my be friend as I do n't have anbody loser tha he .
We speak about vrything and respect ch other .
ometmes we quarrl , but it oe n't last long .
I 'm hpy as I have always dreamt of suh a family .
I completely disagree wih t tatement " tee is no future for pubi tranpot " .
I do believe tt wit ie people become mor onscius of t iea of citis cnvnient to everyone .
espte private car is more cnvenint to its owner then public transport , it is not in ue h majority of ie d that means wsting city sce f paking while it could be ud as a public space .
At t same me it is o impossible to solve the as of comfort ad efficacy simultaneously .
For instance neork of taxi cabs wh afrdable prices could combine comfo of person car an wok - oad of public transporttion .
Nowadays al he car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven ar ht in future wld resolve the issue of sfey a availability of tax 24 hours 7 dys a week .
But ow is it ossible to prsade citizens to make a right choice ?
Unfrtuately the main method is to mae private ar if not a lxury then to mk thei uge economically le efficient in favour to pubc transportation .
And underground , lgt tram ystem e stil me clogical n fast .
T i of ti report is to descrie the training coure ha I w attendng la mnth , r a wek and the activties in ich I was involved during tis erid of time .
It turned up to be a disadvantage or me , given ht I am interested in h theor .
I maned to find out vr few things about t theory , ue to the lrg number of participants .
I realised ther is no time to thin too muc hn it comes to pctice , because you have to act quikly and to prove yourself and the others tat you e your knowledge in order to acomlish a certain ask .
The fficincy is n of he most important thing in tems of tie management .
I would strongly rcommnd this training course on time management , considering is seul o just to gi ome theor aspects for those ho want to be or organised , but also if o wan to really mane in a dly sitaton .
As a result of usefl civities putting teory into prctice , you will have a better ance to ahiev your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've told o I a helping on the Linkin Park 's concert ls mnt n I have to wre you somehing aut it .
u ma thought that I e them or I o an utoraph but I must disappoint yu .
I was jt selling tickets .
But I love th exerience , I was rall enjoyg it .
I a the wth my fend .
Wn we am he manae av he ickets to us d tl us to be ne .
We stood in the entrance ad when the clock stck six there just appeared thousands of people .
It does n't em b it w hard work u after e concert e manager aised us fr doing good job .
d gue what a th best thing bot it !
We cold watch he concert withu buyng a ticke !
You cn imaine that it was aazing , Linkin Park is te best group I know so I ws relly enoyig it .
I ope we will e this chnce next year .
Do you think y will go ih us next tim ?
It 's unforgettable experience and it av me a lt .
Ples write to me son .
ours faithfully
Petra
This picure illustrates th pross of producing cash .
h ist sep is to deign the looing of h bak otes and hen prepare siled machinists o metal plas .
After that , these notes a going to g prted , wich incldes coorng the on both side n raising th images with pecia ink .
he next step is the ot important n it involes ispection , hich means good and d shets r separated during this process .
Those god ualty sheets are cut int indvidul notes and dspatche aft packing and those b shet and tes are destroyed t of secutty aspect in te very at process .
Oeral , t whole rocss of making bank notes s si eps ad th are desi , mel plates ' preparation , printin , inspeton , dividing sheets into three groups n distibuion or dispoal .
The key step is to mnally inspect he notes .
I am n at l agree with that .
No utur for te public transpor ?
, of course there is future for it and eery day more and moe .
Gee house gases have put a red light wring on the plat , d countries around he wold e startin to ealze the importance of reduing these aes .
One of t mesurs that we , as world iticens , can tk is to leave our cars at hme a start to tke ublic tnsport or to shar cars wit ters .
Big itie re rowd wih vehicles and as result level of ollution a dangerously increasing .
This is evelopng dieses and alergies that r affecting the citicens .
That is why , many itis has lse their centres to pvate cars and only alos public transport .
Enginers re stying w egines hat are mo nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help rdue een ous effects and pollution .
Pan ad programmes are being developed to reduce he nber of as driin throuhgt t itie .
Sme of these oave the same destinations .
Use pblic transport is a wa to be green and help to imprv our pane and that is a vr importn task fr all of us .
I do t agree with the statement that tee is no utue for public trnspor .
In ecent years , pbic transport is reall common in ou lie .
rom the Mro stem , th bus , the train , and the hg seed rail , a tee public transportaion ecom more and more polar .
Los of people rall enjoy the ment wh taking public ransportaton because te e ore convenient , ost ls ad more ec - fiendly .
In my opinion , taking pubi transport is ore convenient .
We do n't have to drive by ourselves , ad we do n't have to think which way we should go to rah th destination .
What we av to do is imply go to te public transport stations and ther wl be vhicles that will tk us to anywhere we wat .
Aditionaly , taking pulic transport cost les .
Compred to divig a ca , it only cost us out 20 N.T. dollars or at ost 50 dollars r one single travel .
We hve to pay fr te il if we drive d we all ow that the oil price oe up evy year .
As a rult , I think more people ill prefer to take ublic tranport rather tha rivin due to the hgh price of the i .
Finll , tkig pulic transprt is more co - friendly .
O mother earth has suffered fo air polution f a long perio of tm which lads to grenhouse efec n th rise of e averae e eve .
We do n't wa hese natural dsrders to continue .
Taking public transport c efecienty rdue the emissio of carbon dioxdes and will help the earth to recover fom tse disorders .
So , as a membe living in our mthe earth , we should do our best to protec her .
Frm this pon of view , I do n't thk public transport has no future .
Th abe reasons I menined explain why I do t agree wh th staemnt th t ulic tansprt ha no future because traveling by car is more cnvenient .
an o magie a transportation which never appears ?
You may thin of the te machine , it would only be en on vie .
However , it wo n't be probably be invented afer all .
Is there no future fr pulc ranport ?
Since a century , an transpots ave ben invented , therefore or lves beome convenient .
We n easily trael roud the world .
What tranporttion do we need nd should be invented nw is ad to think , because no place we coud n't go .
I think the transport nowaays are perfect .
Although he public trsport is enough for people eed , it cn be improve its uction .
Fr exame , the speed of transportation a beom faste , usin green energy sorces , imprvd t capacity of the public transportions and so on .
Wi the advance of technology , a lot of roblems have ce to pas , the aturl resources are becomig in storted , an e ar ollutio is geting worse .
This is arful to everything in h orl .
So , we have to consider ow to imrove tese prolems for our ex generation .
Learning of anotr language is ey useful these ays , because of globalization an ao cooeration between cutries .
It is importat when we wrk or study in international area .
It can have befits bu also some dawbacks .
Firstly I would lk to write about benefits .
Pole wo are leaing another laguge or mor languages have mor opportunities in thei li .
It can ave nfluene at her work .
The can have better positio , wor for foreign company , comnicate wih forign companies t .
It can be the benefit at school as wl , because if ou need some information for some project , you can ok at freign liteature to .
Also yu can be part of traveling ad orking experene which can ofer to ou or school .
If y ant to r this option , you need to hae a very good level of particula language .
It is vey good ht tee days chools fer you more languag for learning to choe from ad they recommed learning at least 2 forein anguags .
Of course it can be dffernt in ac ountry .
Another vey important benefit of learning n anguge is tha you can travel you il understand people abroad nd u will know how to cmmunicte ith them .
It helps you to ask people on mny portant information which you need during you jouey .
F example , wch w you suld go , here is god estaurant , how to tael in a country , w to solve your problems , whe is the heapet accommodation and mu ore .
Thanks of erning nother languge you can hve also friends from all the ord ad you n btter understand e culture of nw country .
d what re the drwbaks ?
I think that ter is ot many disandvantages of learning another language .
One of hem can be tat eole h do n understand is lnguae wil try to ask you al the time to hp hem .
It can be reall inerruping if it stil cntines .
nd ometimes maybe you do no want to har what ar peple seaking about in feign language .
In conclusion I woul ke to sy hat te learning of another language wl be alwas iprtant or today 's peope d w genraton too nd in addiin it will increase eed to commnicae in aoher language .
Hi Mria sé ,
I am wiing to yo in reference to the First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure reportig tht te tess were passed ih ying colors , for that I as f our help .
You old me tht you ave a shard foldr wth some learnng tools to pass this xm .
I foun a bilinual Spaniard ( with severa internationa certificates and n he 's teaching in a blingal scol in Madrid ) .
r idea is to talk at leat wice a eek .
I 'm arid bcause I think that he net exa in Marh could be a bit sn , but if I culd hae a look to some tools I 'll be reled .
Also , I found some books on the iternet wit Cambridge 's exams .
Tan you or you attention .
I lk forwr to heain fr you soon .
Bs wihes ,
drián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Hpp e year !
With the process of th globalization , people r eager to know he othr untry tha ever .
In th past , most people consider the museum as te best way to e along with e unfamiliar lnd .
Howver , te sitatin has lreay chaned .
First , as te technology developed , we m find visiting museum is far from convenient .
Peole ung new technique as gradually constitued the majori .
e online visiting is a gd oin in this ca .
h Forbidden City , n of the most famous museum in China , has pene it online version to the ublic , which mans people can visi he Forbidden City on te Internet instead of taking a tim - consuming flht to ejing where the museum locates .
It eads to an increang numbe of peopl choose to usn the nlin musum .
On the the hnd , needless to say , he limitation of musem is tha it can only store som pictures n painigs , it is f from an enjoyable visiting when ou can only se the pictu 2 metrs aw a no tuch .
The senery , e beauty of mountain ad rive , can only be njoyd wen o travel thre on yu own .
Oe I visited the mueum finding some pitues of the ave painting in France , u when I got ance to see the real inting , I found it is mor vivid a ca ho o how geat the France cavean who painted it .
Admittedly , th musu has its owm meris;it is easy to fid on the m and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
Howve , mre often ta ot , the hih rice of th ticket of the musem a ru h fun when y get to the cutry .
A documetry , a ok bot the cutue is chep a easy.we c consider it a ecomomical metd .
Visiting museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw bout a country , b not a et y anymore .
If you decide to find sme infrmation bou a tally unknowed lan , h seum is not a wise opio .
e ho of the future .
Ta souns a little bt lik a name of any s - fi or horor .
But why ?
ill o houss lok so terrile in a 40 yrs ?
ll they fy in e sky ?
Or will they be made from iron a have strng or a barred windows ?
Will we ee go out on the treet ?
ut do n't pan , lt 's think rationally .
Technology will ontrl or homes .
With tehnology we will cean our hous , tehnology will protect us , wit technology we will spend our ee im .
In every rom we will hae a big scen , where we 'll be able to se , where r ou children n if evryhing 's ok .
Our fridge will tell us to bu a fresh milk , if thre 's no lft .
u be wll tl us when to go sleep .
I hae only oe qustion .
Will we lve in that hous lon ?
Do we need friends or family membes if technology can take are of us ?
Machines c tell us ots of imporaant infmation .
Doe it an that contac bween peoe il disappear ?
I thik it 's something nobody wats , but it can comes true .
People se mcines and robots because they do n't want to waste their tme .
B maybe they could top tl to ah othr , because it 's waste of te to .
I hope , It will nee happen .
Betr le in a cottage .
6th Decemb 2013
Writing task : Informal leer
De Jenny ,
Hw are yo doing ?
As you ow I 'm planning to go to Englan to brus up on my English .
I really appreciate it if you could ve me a piece of adice bout what oure soud I ak .
I 'd ie yo to take into ccount the followig requiements .
Frstly , my main target is to improve speakig an writing skills as I do n't fel confident nouh to do sch tasks .
Seleted colege shoud be sed to teaching tese matter poperly .
econdly , I 'd like the college to be located o to far from accomodtion if osible . I would n't le to spend too muc ime on public transpot ever day .
As r as accommodation is concrn I 'd lk ed n breakfast includd in th rie .
Finally , my oerll budget mout 900 ponds .
Wold it be enough or a wo - week course in Englnd ?
If it 's nt please let me know .
Well , we 'll eep in touch and thank yu very much for all our hep .
st regars
Jn
Summer camping is al abou providin fun actiity in a safe environment .
Working wth kids makes f and sfety a high priority .
In my opino , to be a suitable person for the summer cam job you hold have qaifications to create fun ativties and to keep kd afe .
Creating fn activities is an iportant role of the summer camp workers .
As a fter of three boys and n irl gd 7 - 10 years , I he the ability to create nd perorm un activities .
In the last summr , my kids and I craed a fun morning and fternoon program r our neighbors we called it " muti - bls ulti - fun " .
In the mring prgram , he is have eoyed playing footal , occer ball , basketball d ate ba .
h progam hs included many competitive ctivities ha full of f and cheerful .
In th afternoon , e kids ve enoyed a lti - ace program that has different internatona dances .
the kids hve ove learning new dances and cultures
Saety is a cre component in the summe cams ' activities .
while eigning fun activities , he camp workes he to take in concerns the safety level for thee activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment suppies tha igt be needed .
As a retied nurse , I ave a high sense of safety ad harm prvetion .
I used to asess and tret mn injured kd during my wk journey in many hositals .
In addion , I have the expience in providn te basic , th advaned lie spport , and th airway potecton .
Whie hse ituations are are , ty need an effctve fst intervention to sae ids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providin fn in safe eniroment is t main cmpnent in smme ca ta each family is lookng for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to creae te fun , to provd safe activites and th mot mportant is my ability to intervene in he emergency stations
oste Hollywood is an mercan estaurant in the center of Ccres .
It is a popula plac .
The interior is spectacua beause it is decoratd as e fim of Hllywood .
The tabes and the cais are ery beautiful beaus thy r as in the Amerian film but thy a er inconfortable .
The atmophere is quiet and relaxed b lway it is crowded .
The waiters ar very friedly and helpful .
I ve this estaurant because t fod is rally ood is he tastiet fd tht I have eaten .
My favourites dishe are the " acos " and " Catarpi " , the second is a dish of spicy ata , it is spectacar .
The service is very fast I believe the people eat good and fas .
T price is a bit expensive , u it is a rat place for lunch or dinner with te friends .
I think this restaurant would be uitabl for us bause it is a grea place for all , it is in t cener and the ms important her food is really tasty .
So I alwas rcommed go .
Ye .
We can ge a lot of up to date information around he orld throgh watchi television .
There are many chanel on TV , not ony entertainment but as technology , health , environment , weather forecast ad ws chnel , c .
So , it can ealy duate people .
News on TV tel us wat is happenng in t world .
Health channels give the ws of living with ealty lifestyle .
Weathr forecast pints t to prevent fm violent storm , ai , snow , etc .
Discovery hannel is the knowledge bk ad animal plne is ey interesting .
Moreover , nowadays mny eucaton hannels are dveoping to help he students .
Mathematics , English d environmental knowlege Quiz programs on TV aid the enta development of childre .
We an also iprove o moral attitude by watcng e discuion ad speech by te outstaning leaders .
So , I thin advantages d disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watcin pesn .
We an mak go use of tie from TV ad we a also ast tme with some useles channels .
So , we nd to ry to gt equal balance betwen entertainment ad education from TV .
By doig this , we can gain bird eye vi witout uh effort .
Der ir
I have een your advertisement on h Inernt and I am realy intersted in it .
I am a qualified dcator and I have worked wi children r five years .
Beaue of his , I hv learnt many activities d aes hat I could use in ur summer camp .
I av also taught English to Spani pupls so anguage wi not be a proem .
Although I on knw dishe from my contry , I could lan me abut yor meal because cooking is one of my favorite hobbies .
I alwa ork ith many chldren , so I hav experiece managig nd oganisng groups .
Abou my persoa charaterstics , I am riendy and slf - confident but I hve another uality ta children lves : I am rell creative , I can make ostumes wih not many materials so th il enoy a lt dressing them up .
I usually la spors lik ennis or running bu specially I am interested in living advnture , and I oud lie we could live this o tgeter .
I encose my CV to compte information .
I lk forward to hearing from you .
Yos faithlly
Da Jo ,
I am gad aut havig good new from you , it h been a whole year since we talk the last time .
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school an of course hat you re comng to Colombia .
As I tod yo on , Colombia a a t of maing places where u cn have fu , met ew people and learn l about ou
culture .
It wol be incredible if you tar yu trip in Cartgena whh is a cariea ad tpical city .
It is so wrm
and you ca spend me quality ti on he beach or walking by h ol ct .
he you n go to San Mata , do soe water sports , vist Tagang where you can fin th es shrips in e whole ar .
Thereafter , o should go to Medelín , in that me of te year they ill be celebrating ome typical holidays .
So , ou wil be able to ive n atch all is amazing exotic flowers , to ar Colombian music a s typical dancs .
Aftr tat , u ned to co to Bogotá . I am going to be hap abut aving you here .
I an show u t downtown , sme of the mos impotnt museums like " La Ca del oro " or The natiol Musu .
hen , we can go out for a pary night at e west of t cty .
To insh , if you wan to , yu can be an Engis tutor at my Univerity r e hole time you are going to tay in the it .
I cn lk with my proram 's dircto ad try to get ou th ob .
Please wre to me and tell me if you are interestd .
Yor iend ,
aua
By t ay , my boyiend will finish PhD program this smmr :-) , and tn he needs to do comulsory miltary service begin 7h August r o ye .
Fortunaty , he is assiged to substitute services , so he does n't to enter ral rmy .
We think ht wll be convenent fo him to apl the Postdoctor ositon during th period of military servce .
His idea pla is he will ry to ply te Postdctor postio ths fal or winter , ad then he cn ork abroad afte finishin the military service ( Augut 2015 ) .
To take pulic transport or not that is a question . Travellng by ca is conveien , howeve , it
ignores the ca congston problems n the polluion fr the C .
Yet , to me public ransort is my
preferene .
Public transport reduce h a congestion problems .
Sice h ulic transport , it decrease people
wrk or travelling by ca .
r exaple , taing e trai form apei , te ty in Taiwa , to Taoyun in he newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly t hours awig to he a congston in the highway .
Besides , ae the trai instead of ca ma make a ne fiends possibly if chats wh others besds the ats .
Therefore , pbic transport is e bst option to me .
In terms of protecting envirnent , takin the public trasprt may u dow the crbon emition .
Becaus there e nearly 70 billions people in the world if everye travelling by cr even the half , he pollution wil be the brde to the ord .
It is t urgent tiing to aoid reenhouse roblem tat people houl tink how to decrease th carbo emmition .
To be brief , taking the pubi transport is not ony avoid congestion prblem to ave th tme but benefit o ther nature ture .
dmittedly , travelling by the car as its merits such as mo conveient to everywhere we wat , a ejoy e time with famly in car .
Nevertheless , it cost a lot of problm d plluton .
or the better li and world why o tk public transport .
Tom was so hppy becaue he finally n the prize .
He attended in a local motorcycle rae a o he 5000 $ cash pre .
He d his best for th rac .
Three consective years he attended in the ocal ace but at most he could get te secon rank .
Thi yr he found a good taine and 6 months aining mad im fuly ready for this rc .
He wnt to ofee shop .
In ere he saw an o man wh asked h fo help .
Te old mn sad to him my so needs surer today or he wil die .
Tm ske him the cost of surgery .
e ol ma answered 20,000 $ .
To sked i about the insurance an th old an said the insurance only pys 5,000 acoding to is commitment for this id of disease .
Tom told I n give ou 5000 $ but hat cn I do o te rest of this amount ?
He thought I should prform a show to jup ove he several wrecked cars ut it was oo riky because he had not ay experience in this ind of how .
Moreover , he eeds sm pele to advetise f the shw .
He tked to his tiner Jack an xplaine he roblem .
ack said I no someone w a do tht but ho we oranize t show .
We need advertising and to id a suitabe lae r show until 3 pm .
m called his friens n ake hem to advertise by any means th can d alo he requested i taine to lk to te wner of the ce road .
It was 5 pm n too many people came to s t shw .
Tom yeled : lade and gentlemen , plea help us as much as y c because a of the icme of this sw is id r surgery of a sick boy .
Tom sold al of tickts quickly nd earned enough mey .
h d man became very excited ad glad .
His son was urd and in recovery room Tom viste him and they bcae friends .
It was 10 pm whn m arriv home .
Although it had be a very og and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achiee sething realy ood .
A hot - tm a enticig Russan las re ver attractive for Serbian politcias h are struggling with the financal difficulties .
Because of the quick effects they ae more lucratve for h elite tan t ln - term reform equired by the EU .
As an Orhodx d Slav couty ich is yt to bcme a member of h EU and oes not ant to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic ituation with public exposed to stong opaganda , Serbia , is an ea arge of Russia 's of power .
People were changing during ages and in the same ie they wee buling astnishment hitry .
hy wre hining hw te wold would look like and wih tt tought civilization w created .
Nowadays we are in the same siation .
Future is one of t biggest question f us .
Our curioity is ot restraining .
I wt to ve an example how would look le he Home of the Futre .
The first uestion is where our homes would be ocaed .
Wi it be Earth in general ?
There are a o of places where eole are setting heirs huses , erhbs we will be livng under water ?
Mn buildns ik skycarpers are sggeting ivng in fas whih exist abov he ground d it is not extraordinary , but how about who cites prospering under h water wth it w source of igt wch could replace the Sun .
Likwise location , smething hih col cange e the materials wih which we will bild hoses .
Our main oal shuld be creating mes th renewable maerials which igt be available to everyone d cheap .
That way of thinking could brig us a better world without homless people .
Despite the fact tht visual aspect is t most important thing to ms people in my opinion in this ce everything a said a no new foms could be created .
To ummarize the Home of th Future will brn us not only a ew kind of home , t also a e outlook on life .
Good morning , evryone !
Today I 'm gng to inrouce a book about nature ha I 've ra reently .
The book is called " iving Through a Natural Disaster " written by Eve echt .
The reason I hose this book was that it is ally comrehensie in hwing you tha different parts of he world are suffering from disasters , f instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Austrli ; the Yelo Rve flood in China and a devastatin drought in Cenral Amria etc .
It oncsely depics the devstaton ad destruction cused by ntura disastrs .
The book is alo vr readable , nt only intrducing te disastrous effects of disaster ut simply ive us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to kow the georaphial penomeno .
The most engaging and intriguing par of this bo is ta e pepe wh live along te Yeow ier , how tey suffered fro te lood and how they handled the devastation and ake a bettr solution .
At e begnning , the ellw River s always unashing terrible floods that swept through owns , vilages nd farmland .
It became a as kiler ad make people homles .
eople wre forc to fe by boat bcase of th flood .
eople living along he river wated to pevent e lod coming gain by buidin dykes .
owever it mad the situation wose .
After day of havy ran , the water level becae dangerously high beause the rirbed can t withstand the water when it out of s limitaton .
The Yellw Rivr overflows d the crop on the plains a rined in some areas .Fortunately , the flood also makes h plains fertile and feed millions of peole .
Whil I w fip - foppig throug th pages , I le my imagination run wi wih the sor .
Let 's thi abu how we teaed our mothr of nature bfore .
Now se is extrmel agry after han beings did something rally hurt to e .
After l , she is very kind - hearted d always helps us have a good living .
Evn thugh he mothe of ntre is complicated sometimes , sh wod give us a lit of hope .
e nevr us shuts oe or , a she als open another o .
Acording to wat Charles Dickens si , " it was the best of times " , because th people can ge rarding frm the nature an e a better life because of the fertil land hich cn feed us .
However , " it was the wst of ies " also .
People will continue suffering e dangous floods ad the is no en after many eas unless th goverment take an effective acto to stop floding .
It is aruous for people livng in devastating surrounins .
The Yellow River is a combination of history an modernization .
It arrie a lot of mories from h pas to now , whether it is cruel to peop or ot .
Reading this oo is like unwrapping a preent which is packed in ayes of sheets .
My hert grieved at every wrd portraying e sufring of the pople in he Yellow River .
Meanhie , a surg of sympathy ad esair ovrwhelmed me with lot of thougt - provokng words .
I sincerey recoend this book to everybody h wats to broaden tir horizons n know more ha you have known aready .
That 's all fo my presentation today .
Tank you for listing !
I agree with the ie that sporting evets cn be ncessary r inerntional relations and natinal nit .
In ths essay , I wil think aout the effets of thse popula sorting events .
h World C , Olympics and ote international gas work for easing tensions amon diferent atins .
For example , oth and South Korea are t countrie against each other , bt every year they stil hav a frienly football matc .
During that me , the ns nd the players are the same rmony in unity and friendship .
The fans , suppoter shout , they ven cy together .
Th sports me evts are opportunities to strngthen h friendship between t nations .
On the oher hand , so sorts mthes n ake internationa relations worse .
Sometimes the spors games re full of tension over flo .
The patriotic emotion exlde in unaggressive wa .
For example , during the semi - fial firs e AFF up 21 betwe Vietnam and Malasia tea , te laers played qute violent , the supporters of te t tea we ve tense .
Even after h en of e match assaults occurre between supporters of the w teams .
I thin tha intenationl sporng occasin can be one of he bst ways to es tensions or to release parioism safely .
Howeer , I believe th games c not be he fundamental was for te sound pariotism or peaceul inernaional relaions .
I am very interested in this management trainee - mrketing position wih yor corporation , n bleve tha my education and employment background r aprpriate for h position .
urng my tenure at he University of economic and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing an public relations .
Last mnt , I iterned at t on My Medical orporatin in Ho hi Mnh City .
My positon entailed dveloping marketing content on the web page nd slideshows pbliciing th succss of the soiey 's evn .
I was able to tiliz my marktin skills to asst the organization in their gol to prooe EO .
h maketig departermnt also ies me the responsibility of pubiczing evnts via cebook .
I blive tt my experincs in marketing and interpersnal skil make me a prime candidate r this poitio . I am a digent worker , ad passioae aut my work . I wl be a valuable sst to your compay ad il us his as an opportnity to grow nd further the develpent of my marketing skill s .
Than ou very much for considering my application for candidacy .
I will follow up with a eek to onfirm that al of my materil were eceved and hofully set up an interview time .
Pople 's lives wl change dramatically in the next 50 years .
If we wath how socit is gong nowadays , we notice ome spets that let us think about umn ndition .
Fit of all we can define urslves " slaves of the technology " because now we ll hae a telephone that ave lots of functions and that turn us aa fom eal life .
This ca be en in eenages , wh seems to pefer to talk by tlephone hn " fae to face " , an also in children , who prefer pla ith video games on thir wn than ing to the park
In my opinon te obsession f the business rasforms ociety in a ig in which vey man will be against hi friend nly fr an exellen caeer .
The last point ta h chaed people 's life is he tendency to ave the same thougths or h same goods .
In this ay everyoe is the perfect copy of someone else nd t originaliy or a crative mind is considered as something bad .
Ther ar ao pstive aspects , for exampe hre is a progres in he subject of medicine or in the use of th e - resources .
ill people 's lie cange aga ?
Ye it ll an I hoe that we will improve r thought and we will hve the cosciusnss tt we are nt " sureme " and tha we will nee hae the rigt of mposig us in e world .
Nowaays it is possible to lstn to various types of mic .
What is the reason for making musi necessary for us ?
Is national music more important than foreign usc , which is had all over the world ?
Taking accetnce h strengt of music , it is hard to magine human if without it . "
Music is the nutrition for our souls " said in the popular proverb .
Therefore , we can eel te enormu role of musi in u lives .
To my in , beautifulness of music de ot deen on its sots .
People enj it and do nt think bout its gene .
For exampl , tre are various usic competitions Euoision Song Contest which organized in many counties .
People almst om all over the orld attns to prticiate in it .
Bei t cr of clture of a countr , it influences on ntional fame .
or instance , in our country music consists of two mn ars : Mougam and Folk usic , which have been getting popularity from l regions in the world sce it ws srung .
Howevr , modern music is ot alwys acceptale for different pople .
Despite at it is el by the majity of countrie .
To take account tat it has ben improig day by ay , we an meet the appearance of ver xotc and amazing ixtures of modern and national usic almost in every country .
Most of he counrie enjoy uh intertwining that culd be conidere as a n type of msi .
Inasmuch as this proces makes eople close to each other ncoraging them to corporate ad befriend .
To sum up , it is necesary to poin t that the is not any negtiveness or perfectness of natioal or modern music at all .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of at .
Anna kew that it wa gog to be a very special d for h .
ut to begin wit Anna or a on im w n't fmus at school .
Sh prefer bks , qut plaes nd tht ki of ting , boring or elite in our school .
She always w the bes tuent in he css or even in the hool o a coup tim .
She ve focused on earning .
She had a dream to be a lawyr and wanted to help innocent people .
he was alwas involved with school trips connected with political places like cort or govrnmen .
One a day e cided to as wa ll of ths ing n get started somethin comletely difeent .
She fgot abou ook .
Unfashionable clohes turned no fahionable resses .
na became a mdl !
She becam ealy poplr in l schol , everyone want to spend time with he .
he is prtt , smart a so ie or al pople .
n for o se is one of he most popular moel in the world ot only in the school .
D when Anna decided to be a modl wa the mos mortant in her life .
Dea Jo ,
I 'm very happy f reading your lette and that you cm to my beautiful couty .
I think that San is an incredible cunty sine it ha all kinds of landscapes : montais , beaches , lakes , and you an enjoy aventur ctivivities , for examle , trekkng rotes , climbing , bungee , suf ... You can ak iffernt tousm depending on the ci where y ant to go .
First of l , I wol lie to tk abu Etremadura .
Extemadur is in h West of Span nd it h a oo eather all year .
oweer , I recommend travellng to Exremadra in Spring or Autmm becase in suer it is too ht .
In Etremadra you cn enjoy te environmen ad yo can al arss the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Tajo - Inernaional Natural Park .
Morover , yu ca sw in te cold water of Lo Pilones ( I recommend you is ace beaue it is an incredible and quie place an I lve it ) or mall natural laks on t ort of Extremadura .
Also , Extremdura has many towns and cities wih an impressive ancient neighbourhood , or ntance , Cácer , Mérida , Trujillo , Gudalupe , Alcántar ...
Othe placs hat I woud recommend are : the towns of te South of Adlucia which have clean beaches , cold water ad a good lesre wh ay restaurants , shops , parks , oo , quatc prks ...
On he other hand , nea Mediterranean Sea tere are a lot of tons with fantasic beaches wch wer is vy ean ad wr .
In partiuar , I recommnd you to go to Baleares Island .
owever , if yu want to go there , yu ust fly or go by ship .
In addition , you can visit th North of pin since it is ver beautiful wih marvelous landscapes a beache .
In he ort of pin th wther is coer ta te rest of te country , for this reason , the water of he beches is vry cd and it is very difficult to wi here .
owever , you mut go d kw hese unforgettale places .
You say in e letter tht y wat to work f tee onts . I hik that you ca y look for a waiter o in h towns wi beaches durg the Summer months .
It is easier to find a ob in the beh han finding it in the cnre of Spin .
I 'm looking forwr to seeing u .
es wishes .
Ba
Yesteday , o oke up at 7 o'clock in t morning as he usually does .
He tok breakfast with his ather that took i scool , as he alwy do .
ha ornin , he ha mh and ftr he had a siene class .
The fis e wa vr boring for him beause he was vry red n he was n't aout listenin everything tha e teacher as saying .
Tom ove aski questions himsel abut li d thinks that science cla is th only hat can ove his questions .
Those questions ar : Where and how do we ce ro ?
And many ore .
When science clss arived he lt real excited becaue John , th scence acher , told them hat he was going to exlain hem a very interesting thg .
It was bou what problems e we going to hav in a few yeas if we do n't chage aythin eated to conaminating our environment .
John talked about the seius problems there are aused by no recyclin things as plastic ags , bottles … tha end up floating in th sea becuse humans do n't ak cre of our environment , and all this is causing tat oas of catic nmals epire .
he Tm arrived hom , talke to h family about hat hve he eared in scenc class and talked their parents to start recyling .
It had been a vey ong and tirig a , bu Tom et he hd ahieved someing really good .
We ve worked it ikit or 1 year durig my accoun mnagement of Enter .
As AC category manag Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC maret , hi level of negtiations skills , and professional attitud to everything he di .
Niita has shaed with me his understanding of e - retal , aaysis of sales hannels , product trategy in online and ffine mix .
H advice heped me to inceas sales of min e - retail partners .
Nikt has superior communication skills , positive mindst , a he is highly approchble .
I 'm absolutely confident to rcomend Nkit as an expernced Product anaer .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
My ne is Mar Bruno .
Ti is to apply for t position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Italian , 30 ers old .
Due to my bacground I believ to be the ideal person or the abovementioned ob .
I have been wking with children sine I w ged 16 .
I have been involved in summer camps with hildren from different background ad dvers needs .
In particular , I hae een dealing for 10 years ith children with disabilities .
Suc perience has bn an ey - opne for me .
I h th chnc to be introduced to a diffrnt worl and I started looking at th dly life ith differnet ys .
Children n ineed teach u a t , beig able to express their felings wt h sotaneity tat aduls often lack .
A few yer ago , I hd also the chace to wok fo 1 yea in a schol o disabled chidren and yout in a rural area of Gan .
It w impressv to see he strength shwe by thse children .
Bng raied in an environment where personal autonm is the cr , cldren wit disailitis ee grwig vey independent and stron , despite all the chalenge they coud ce on the way .
Durg the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volnteers worin wit children .
After coslting sm childrn 's representatives , we orgnize lympic games for t chilren attending e schools of the ar .
You do not nee mc to mk children happy ad et them ejoy the psitiv eegy given by ane orts competition .
As volunteers we were also hlpig te cooks of e schools in t kitchen a in t dining rom .
Mreover , I had the canc to share with the the recipe of Itaia pzza .
Sine ty er lready baking bred , ey quickly learned hw to make a delcios pzza as wl .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of h j a I kndly as yu to consier me fo it .
My experience th chidren om different ages an Countries makes me a suitbe pron for t position advertised by yo Esteemd Compny .
Thanks in advance .
Sncerely ,
Marco Bruo
TENNIS AND OTHIN ElSE
Y TENNIS
There sees to be ohing better , nothng mo interesting , xhilirig , breathtakng or sunning just as takin up tis sport .
It ca n't be compard to anything else if it comes to all emotions n feelings ich ar connected ih payng tennis .
eig on the court , it apeas to be fnny , gives me a felng of fufiment .
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
Not evrybody knows o muh devoion nd determination reqres being a god playe .
u just surely hav to wo yur fingers to th ons but it 's defintely rth .
It 's aso t aid u teis is one of port wih causes an nermus amount of injuries , so ha 's necssary to be under constant cntro of your doctor !
Depite a obstacles , I old n't change this entertaimet on anything ele .
he amount of plesre which I can t it 's simply ncomparble to anthing else .
ADVICE ND RECOMMENDATIONS
If I were to start my new sport areer , I would coos a god medical ae at fist .
Mybe it 's t a vital prt of being a well kno sportsman b it 's important when ou want to wor someting off during your career .
The second hing , it 's a qualiy of an uipment .
The are a lot of bergis and cheap items on e maket , which very ofe catches our eye but I want definitely warn y against it !
Do n't be mean and pnt as much money as it 's neded .
I hope that o wo n't hesitae n mre and tht yu start laing enis at e omen !
The Home of the Future - in hat wys hoes will be iffernt in the future a in wa wy will be the sme ? I think ta is many reaons to consider both of this options .
In tem of differences is tat this houses will be morn , ore secure , economic .
ost of the furnihings will be a macine and omestc activites will be dn for us .
However , they wil ls the atmosphere of ouses wi antique urnture ad interior , which crte the uiqe and famlir atmosphere .
ha will be th same ?
Surely people h will liv in House of the Future .
Everything is goig forrd , so everything wl be hange .
Wh I irs atched the game beteen Green Bay Pacers n Dtoit Lins I w in stuck .
It seems ie a unch of armed men is trying to bet each other asse .
Nothing else .
And suddely here 's a ball .
And one lucky ecever tries to deliver to the n zone .
Firs of l it 's a mn srt , sile and multaneously complated .
I think it 's te est port to watch in the hle world .
To be a f of NF tea is ey specia experience .
It 's the great show , by th a .
If yu enter the world of L brualiy , rialy and love you should know that you stay here oreer .
If you an to play thi gam you definitely shoud be an otstanding ahlete . Yo should understn " prs " ad " cons " of evey move u mak on he field .
And of course you sold be a eam player .
As they say " here 's no I in " em " , bu there 's " I " in wn " .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , ope md n uit easy going uy wo live in one of the st eautful iy of Russia - St. Peersburg .
I love my ci n I love to ravel , t a e thigs , socialize d experiene a w cultues .
Workin as IT engineer , I an fford 2 - 4 short em trp per ye , n I always take hs chance .
I can show you cool pces sep part from baen pat in my hometow .
ice I hv full - time ob I could oin you at weekend .
I wuld lik to meet new rieds l or the world d have a great time tgether .
I a share my knowledge about Finld and other countre .
I wuld like to help pepl in my best way I can .
I would lie to learn from ohers abut te world , people , cultures ad idiomas and sae tis knowledge with otrs and be hepful in return :)
Dr Mr. Hoop ,
Introdutin
he aim of this reort is e descipin of e shopping facilities in my home town - Viea .
iena is the capital of Ausia an located in its ea .
Findings
Vien contains a lot of gra shopping areas , that is why I am going to seaciase on h three most popular places .
Conclusions
I would li to star of ih ne of the most renonedl alls - caed " Donuzetrum " .
It is ituaed in Kagrn and can be asily reache by subwy .
It covers about 60 shops .
The mall is inke to an enerainment section , called " onauplex " .
Th Entertainment ecton stays pe after e mall closed .
Thee you can id a cnma , some restaurants and ars .
On the countryside you can fn the recently dfied mall named " G3 " .
I wold rommend o to go there by car .
It contains narly the same shops as h " Donauntrum " ad svral restaurants ad fés .
Te " Mariahilferstraße " is t perfekt ple fr people at want to aid ovecroded malls .
This street is o oft th mst pular hopping reets of Vienna .
ven th mos xtravagat shos ca be fun ther .
It is not only worthy to aend t street by dy b also by night .
Bede te shops om nice bars and restaurants can be found .
ecommendatons
To not to ose he track I am goin to ie review .
Espacially on a rain afternoon the " Donauzetrum " n " G3 " are th prefekt way to send yur day .
To people who prefer spendn eir tme on h ountryside I woul commend a isit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
urs aithfully ,
James Mehler
od morning ,
I 've js rea yur advertisement f the S SUMMER CMP , and I 'm really iterested in it .
I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 Eglish lel , I 'm herful and hr wrking .
I 'm also a volonteer among e d cros assocation , so I 'm use to look after children an oraise l kinds of even .
I think I 'm sutable for vey work because I 'm sporty and socable and above l I think I ave enough willpower to manage and carry o eve rk you will oose to gv me .
Do t accommdatin belog to th summer cap structure ?
Or is it ust er there ?
As I live in Min , I hope y wl aswer so , so if I hav a psitive feedbac , I 'll ae enough ime to boo the flight ticket .
Thank you so much fo your attention ,
Monca Conti
I le in a village on th outskirts of Mia .
I 'm hap to ive here beaus the air is clea and fresh and we hv o problems with h ubbsh .
Every house has a place to ut l the rubbish an peol come evey da to ick up h trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as my tins as pssible .
ll the building ee ae been built to respec te enviroent , in fac ver house a photovltaic panels on t of .
Thse panels e ue to ing th ligh of the n to poduce electricit .
The first unda of every month , a group of vluntees go in the parks of the llage to lean it a to c t grss .
I alwas prtcipate in tes evts bcause I oe the evronment d I 'd like to keep my illge clean .
Italy is famous for th typical food a culture ric of ar an isory .
We al kn that the Roman Empire affected a l talian culture ad history , in act if u want to go on a tor round te mt beatful cities in the country , you hould deinitely go to Florence , Venie , Napls and many ohes ..
u will be ble to ee anciet d modern bulding uh as theatres , chrche , cthedrals nd iil buldings built by th mot faous artits in e nire wld !
Cities ae fl of useums here tourists can see l he ustoms and traditions tht have chracterized Italian lture .
They wll not only see o ye of istory but an because Italy , for ay centuries , had an imortant function for exchanges a comerce .
That 's y Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Thank yu for our letter !
It wa so nice to hear ro ou again !
In yu letter you asked me for adie .
So , I think tha both hobbies has their advantages and disadvantages .
If I were yu , I will give up with spor , because I tin at music classes an help you to imprs a gr .
Bu , on t othe hand , port helps you to ep you musces in tonus .
Bt you no , deciion is your d I an ust somehow effect on it .
Sor , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is ery dirty afer a walk .
Hop to er from ty soon .
st wishes ,
aha
Many people fee that eaning Enlish especially in ' nglad ' or in ' T U ' , is bettr than learning ha in a country that do not have nglish as s mther tongue .
Fr instance , in Peru everybody paks pansh so you are t ccustomed to the languae .
he adntages of learning English abroad are the eeryday pratice , whh you should have if you re in an Eglish country and al h eole wo you get to kow rom l he word .
e argumnt in favour of his idea is that Peruvian people h larn Engih for a short period and ten travel abroa , have an enhanement in just one or two months .
Hwever , e disadvantags re that ou do o nw how to behave in anoter cltur .
And it is difficult to change ur eeryday rouine .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lagged if u travl a lg distance .
In conclusion , I am of the opnon that eople ought to study abroad if they have e opportunity , so apar from your lessons you can interact with native people a ler usually - cmmon phrases .
nna knew that it was goig to be a ery speci da o he .
he kw tt her eighteen birthday apprah and e il spend hm nd all the preceding wek with her friends in pin .
he had to ly nx Monday n go bck et Sunday .
Her rthday wa in Friday and they all wnte to go that night to e greatest club in Barcelona to have som fun .
Other girls left ot earlier because they prepared somhing special for her .
u befre she wnt to the club , sh s invited f one dink with ifeaver from the hotel 's pool .
Ten th people fm e hotel sa her last me .
She did not ppar in the club , ad h id no come to the hotl on onscutive dys .
Her friends cam bck to their country t Anna still is issing .
er arents and her ister stll looking r h .
If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your frinds or faily withut knowledge with who nd here y wat to go .
It 's only for our sfety .
Peol trvel less in public vehicles these ay .
ay tins hat life of pubic traspot is going to end .
I believe tt it is tre ecuse the people are mor concned out thr privacy and time taen to travel by h public transport .
In this eay tes worries ar udied carefull .
Prite vehicle offer more privacy th public vehicle .
A breast fedin won can feed her bay in the a witot worryng about her privay .
For exple , If h is sitting on a bu , e could n't feed er child because people sit in the neaby seats the may gaze at e .
On a h y he dy ca n't remove her oat to reduce body heat .
For eample , A lad rael on a bus and if he removes her coat eeryody wl look at e n probbly tese he b in her c she can do wt ev she nt .
Hence , the private vehicles give enough priac ad cofot o a family .
T ublic transport y take me tim to ravel and hve gid hedule than private vehicle .
A ca can be droe very fas in orer to reue the ime taken to travel .
In cae a person ho is going r an inerview for a b , punctuality is a must , hence he ca drive his ca fast or can go earlier in is ca to rec the early .
But he could not travel on a bus er fast in rder to each destination very qickly .
ecause pubi transpot have a fixed timetable .
Hece plic vehicles take mor time to travel .
In conclusion , usage of publc transportato is redcin da by day .
People a getting anxus aout hir pricy a the trip time .
In orr to boost he usage of public transport th government or the governing bod hould consider the factors an mst ind a solution to tse probems .
We almost foret but those days befor the Inenet arrived .
Te technology has changed us much faster n more dramaic an we sed to think .
We had to carry a mp for ur adventue 10 yrs go .
owadys l of what we eed is a fll charged smart pho with the Google ap application .
In the at people could ol hve a pchase from store to store by themslves , no we c brows amost hundreds of god on line and buy it through a simple click .
F this trendous outcome I believe that our ives wl change dramatically in the xt 50 ars , with greater extenio to every aspect of our lives .
In my imagination , h fture would be moe messy and crowded with les species of creature but more of us , the human bing .
We wl fe t more seriu problems of gloal warmg ad other ful environmental pollution .
Some of the countries will be submeged ntirel io the e , sme wl suriv , an less space for increaing people .
Fortuntely the os outstaning scientists wil solve the energy crsis and will in wys to create ew land r living , to can air for breahin , nd to purify wtr and ood for supply .
Oher than th situation I mentioned above , we will hae or memories a knwledge beig relicate in t form of digital dat .
We ca acces all the knowledge fom h Internt as we need .
Wen we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration diease of or brains ) we n tae ack our lst mmoies fro the backup system of on - lie " i Clu " memories .
No lnger do we sufr om studying foreign languages as our eys are capable of translating to the anguage we knon though he linkage to e huge database onlne .
Als , we n hange ou emotions by releasing ome ivisible cheicals hich can rigger o reactions in o brns .
We can expeience the mot extraordinary dreams witou harful ffects to r personalities .
Moreover , our cothing will be ale to hage olours and patterns even te physical functions corresponding to the hanging environments or simpy by our specific commands .
However , e more we feel convenient , the mre amage to our intellect .
We do n't ave to thnk too mch about almost everythin , needing no prson to company wt nce we have al hse distractive deices for joy and reaxatin .
Te distance between pple wll increase dramtially until we finally wake up from all of these unreastic convenience we have .
It sounds like a scry sience fcton , but it my happen if we keep psuing on values of materials .
What thin te mo imortant is to set a right direction r te futre of us .
We hae a lo of problems waiting to be soled .
For eampl , saving te endanger ildife ad e sace ih in he sa is much re imporant tha those invention which ol mae or lives moe conenent .
me - saving and convenince re admittedly consdeed tw essntial alue of mode lives .
Nneheless , we ae to confront e truth hat the esources from al over h world e distriuted unirly .
Te op 50 richs in te world hd most of h ower to control h direction of ur future .
PLAN , TRIN OR OAT ?
Currently there are any means to transport , u if we tk abo lo distances , remain the st popular trains , lanes and boas .
Whch of hese is better ?
We may thnk that depens on how you ke to travel , as ty all have tir advantages and disavatages .
Whe o tavl by land , train is e of the best options .
hoever you ca n't travel by train when o want to cross h sea .
But personally , my faorite way to rvel is by plane .
It is fser than h t , it is no dificult to travl on it an it is quite omfortable .
Also yo can tavel to different places n lnger distances while boating , for example , y cn only travel to places where connetion to h sea .
In srt , lae is e of the bs optons to do it .
Dar Jo ,
I 'm really gd to knw about your future plans , I dfnitley think tt thi year of travelling and discoverying ll be a grt y to gr up , meet ew people of different cultures .
If I ha t opportuny to hep u in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Fstly I stronl recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvelos hstoricl an cultural site sc as museums , art gallres , monuments and church .
Whetr at some point you are fed up wh t and culture , the city offers to you a lo of leisure time fcilities sch as concerts , exhibitions , festival an so on !
From the ai capital o n easily travel by rin or plane ad reach in a few hus all the major ites bh in he orth a in te South of e couny .
As you arrive urig the summr , you should th have a vacation in h South where th beaches re breathtaking , with suh a lean ater and lden long shores .
In connection wit your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the trism field : as ou wte , you 're seaching fr a mothly ob and I eckon that a seasonal jb f the summer would erectly i your expectatos .
By e a , a rend of mie rs an hotel in a seaie rsrt and I now ht he a looking forward to an Eglish native spear wh could hlp him ith his oreig guests .
If yu are intested , I could give you his pone umer nd e - al so tht you to are ab to sea about the matter nd maybe find an agreement .
My stament to apply to a university
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I grauate frm AL - mustansia University / collage of rts / department of Trnslaion in 1998 .
I started my ok r the Minstry of Oil as enio translator in 2000 .
My country 's histor inspied me all my life , e important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in he hisory of educaton and translation specially affects th history of civilizatio of umanty .
Wih inspr me to study Translation that considers science nd rt in e sm time .
I prsued my lif dream of higher eucation by searchig te best uiversties in UK .
I fnd our Transltion and Interpretatin program for master dgee meets my requirements and neds .
Sin my raduatio I acquired wide experience in tansltion .
Ate my grauation .
I spent w years in traslation undrds of assays in dfferen fiels f hiher education stuents .
In 200 .
I ok in he OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific boks which concerned minly in petrolum filed .
This ive me wide knowledge in ptroleum jrgos tht op endless hrizns of experiene ad hw to work on deveping my knowledge and skils .
My enriched experience in English language a my knowledge in peroeum expresson qualified me to wr in Training and Developing Directorate minly in aoad taining .
I did many important translaions for raiing manals d petroleum institutions stdnt description .
As well as , h higher administration in rainin & Developg directorate selectd me to join fal committee to buldup cmpetncy system fo petrolu sff in coporation ith te ritsh goverent .
I attnde my training courses in different fields li computer , umn resources , English lnguge that held in Bgdad , Brtish cuncil in Amman nd last n was in London at luminous language solution .
I di IELTS exam twic ad scor ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of ha I did not ge up .
I intend to study in your uiversity in the pr session corss to meet you standard in Englsh lnguge .
All t bove ention crystallized my ambition in contining higher ducation in a respected niersity .
I inted to seciaize in translation that concerned wit the petroleum sector .
It gos without aing that I am form petleum country d I intend to work in OP as representative of my county and enhance the Ministry of Oil translatio staff with ighl edcatd translators .
I ln to ive hnd he freshman translats in t Ministry to precede tir career under my suprision by couing and mentori them .
I am sure that yo will ive me hand in reaizin me dram by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
At first you should vii sights like a churhe and a cathedrals thn move to h wn entre and go thouh h to park .
There you wil find beautful countryside nd gorgeous swans , hch stay there for the wole year .
I an recomen yo to sit te library .
It 's quite arhiecturally significant building I hink , plu there is about milon bos , so you n larn somthing n about our cutue .
There r also go pubs nd etaurants .
Tere is a pub called Rchard 's . u can easily fin it because it 's huge green building jut next to h library .
Thre you an tae our natiol cuisine bud also hei international cuisine is taty .
Ju do o ordr the pancakes , becae hy do realy d pancaces .
If I ee yu I woul ordrd e shots of lohol bcause thee is a t trin which will delive te shots to you .
You n alo go to the lb .
The ae some cubs in the town : he A 's and he Subwy , which ae in the entr , an te Barrel , ich is on h outskirts of th town .
I go to t A 's ite fen , about one p mnt , ut I hve ner ben in the Brre so I ca n't tell you , what it is lie .
So if you ll go to he A 's ou il find it by e ligh .
In front of the building ae enormous reflectors whc shines into the arknes .
No far from the on les zoo .
You definitely ave to visit it .
There ar about touand of anals n in te midle of it is located a gorgeous astle .
Charles Dickens nd Emily Bronte a both Victorian wrter .
Ther novels have much in commn : first of al the pot is usually pretty complex ( as we can se in Dvid Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heigs by E. Bronte ) , n so are the characters , which r always el described epecially on a psychological vel ; furthermore bh t authors includ in heir works the figure of the oble wh eps the hopeess chid who comes from a lwer clss .
Thee is al a l in contrast , mst evient is the diffeenc bewen te settings : Dickens pefers industrial cities whie Emily pefers rural vilages , and tee choie relet dierent tois , in ft hrles motly dea with thes ik exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes n the ad consequences of he industrialisation , instead Eiy Bronte is more concerned abo te tem of repecability , even if he female heroins do not reflect Vctorian vals uh as chastiy an ude .
Then we ca otice that the narrator of te vel as ifferen rles : Dikns 's narrator is omniscin , Emily 's one is part of th story itself and a change realing characters ' perspectives .
We fel happie uring t conversation wn someone who hs a od sense of hmor .
ome peopl agree wih that a goo sense of humor is n oe of the most important umn qalites .
Howevr , others disaree th it .
Thi is because pele ho ave a goo ense of huor cn bring joy fr others .
Alo , pepl coud hve a good relationship when they he a good sense of humor .
Moreover , people ca ue thei humor to overcome some ifficult issues .
I would like to provi examples to ilustrate my tesis .
irst , people h ha a good sense of humor can ma thers to laug .
Moreover , we cn feel app easil .
F example , my friend , Jan , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out loud .
We le to talk to h because she alwys a ing happinss to us .
Also , we cn foget ls of annoying things from r work .
Cosequently , we fel apy so eaiy ecaus my riend has a good sne of humor .
Seon , people can make a fried easier whe they hve a ood ese of humor .
For instance , my othe alwys has lots of new idea , and she ike to tel people in a fny w .
ls , ter eple talked to her , ty away wanted to talk to my mother aan and a eager to be her friends .
In this case , people who have humo can make a friend easily .
Third , sometims a peon who has mor an el ohrs to overcome sm difficult sses .
To illustrate , my niec id not g a reat scor in hs test .
i mthr ol him that he did a great jb bcuse he studied so hard .
Also , his mothe told im he wuld do btter next time .
My niece ha courage after is mother alke to hi .
Later on , he got a grea sore in his test .
To m up , popl who he a goo sese of humor can bring happiness to peope .
Also , ople can have a good relationship wh their huor .
Furthermore , somete people with a sense of humor can help othr to conqur te difficult isues .
In h tnd of globalization today , t success or failure of the bsiness depends on many various factors .
Prfct product , oo manager , a great marking are the three y eements to succes in busiess .
Fst of all , e products are manufactured must perfect met the requirments of customrs .
Compa need to create a new poduc variey of esins , tyes , tes , sizes and colors , bu sill ensure high uality .
Besid , go products ih reasonable prices will always atrat the attention of customers .
e price of each kd of podut must suitable wt consumers tha the eterprise dirctd to .
For xample , workrs with an aveae inom would o hoose to buy luxury goods for h rich or fo those wh gh incomes .
Secnd , the manaemnt of business leaders ply an important role in e suces of the company 's business .
The head of the enterprise mt ave h knowede and exerienc to make t rgh and easonale deisons .
The leader of h busnes must also hav a ay to handle the active and innovative wrk to ae tim and money .
Hmselve of lade ms have discipline , knw wrking on tme , a nw how to create gou woking consensus , seriously .
inlly , great marketng is a necessary measue in der to suceed in business .
Maretig 's job to delie conent to customer lern more about ompan n the prodts n servce in order to increase th advante in th consupton of gods and ncease prfits .
Companies cn rate a site dedcated tsef to introducing the value of the products , pries and servces deals .
In addiio , enterprise may be marketing through advertising , ewpapers ... it is importan to listen to feedback fom customers to undestnd n supp ht they need .
usness is not esy wo d success in business is ry ifficul .
God prodts with reasonable prices , a good manage of he rong leadership ad excellen marketing plan are the actor ta lead to success in usiness
Importance of outdoor games
As we ow every person wats to get succs in teir resptive lives .
or th ty must possess a healthy if .
tdoor games e made on for this prose that is to make a pern healthier .
In ancient times ery hild loved to ay games oside her homes and he were more stronger than chiren in today 's orld .
Thee are any gam tha children can play lke : cricket , admiton , footba etc .
O wold 's reat scienist have invented inernet to solve arius istnt poblem .
Students start forgetting their physical gmes d go stuck in this internt rld .ey are giving so uh tim in uig internet d they do ony baseless gossips on ocial neworkig websites .
If hey want to e it they should try to focus on gettg important information whc is benefial in improving their nowlege skills .
sing internet in wron manner ma afec teir studies n heah as ell .
By lying physica games thy will n only improve teir health bt can als ai concentatin .
Te shld try to understand th importace of physical gaes n also pla it reglrly .
Dear Manager of the Summer Cam , USA ,
I am wriing to u to request if I may be consdered a place in your progrm .
I contain all te characteristics in whih you rqure d so is an ideal person or h ob .
irsly , u shol chos me ue to the ct that I n talk English very fluently .
I 've taught at my schls including primar so I ot a good encounter of children .
As I 've lso ran the marathon THIE nd lay in the lca neball ea I am uite nergtic pl I 'm aso hardworkng as I tr my best to reach my ambitin .
I 'm ey cheerful to and I rarly os my temper .
I eome especially happy when I 'm with hilren !
Ao I 'm a good cook ; at one scoo I 'd taught at we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a esult I am lso organised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all h events as I am- as I already ld you- rganise .
Finally , to conclude my leer I just wnt to say : Please choose me !
I wil make summer camp a much etter place to be in !
nd Regards
Jyathrini Deshpande
ear Jo ,
I am so glad tt yo would like to cm to my country .
My
count , Indonesia , is full of natural attraction .
It is an archipelgo , surely many spots of oursm he .
Beach , islan , culture , and cunary are e comon intrest to explore here .
If o woud le to see wonderful beach , yu could cm to Bali , ombok , Sulawesi or Ian Jaya iand .
If I c say , beach in those islans are more beautiful n natural an in va ilad .
You could travel by plane rom Jakarta to Ba or by tain from Jakata to Surabaya , so you can tke a plane fom Surabaya to Bi .
If you choose to travel by lane rm Jakarta to Bali , the trp ill be much shter , spending only o hours .
If o plan to enjy your tr along fresh geny lanscape in ava island , you can travel by tra .
It needs lmos 15 hos , ut you could ha t iew of illages durig the tr .
Basically , I lik to trvel by tri for enjoyi the vi alon the railway trac .
Also , yu can interact longr with other passengers especally nativ Indoneian , jt in case o eed to explore oe aou Indoesia as you would like to et temporary o here .
Indonesian peop ar famous with thir friendliness , so you could strt a conversation with the to ask nything bout Indonesia ; tey il answer ou questions with lasure .
Here r few ti f startng cnveration with Indonesian : Indonesian person will rel a smile th a sle , so yu c tar with it ; ot l Innesian spes English , u most students coul speak English .
I sgest ou to choos college stdnts , because they are more familiar it English , besides they wil welcome y it plasre to eperience their Engish bility ; wen y r ing to s public transportation , you cld ask an information you ned to e official employee in te station or to student or e sm reason , t mn Indonesian sek nglish .
Bali is the most famus Indnesian islad for foreign people , many of them en know Bali but not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumaa , Sulawesi and Irian ay islands hv very beuiful beche as well .
Te tourism srvic in al d Lmbok is betr than other ilands mentioned abo b other islds are mor challenging ad natural .
If you lik hiin , ou could expoe mountains in Jva : Semeru , Rau Kumbolo , Broo , etc .
oining community of hkig student a be useful , because ty will be pleaant free uie or u , ths ric has more effective budget for yor trip .
Another y , you could follow agecy to get a gude , but it is not free , you ve to mnge os for th servic .
It can be little bi difficult to fnd temora job here , unless yo ot n cnections wt agency or local pele .
Teachng Englih is comon job for freign people , moreover foreigner eacher is ore likey than local teacher .
May my advice a be ueul or your trip in Indonesia .
It is te tt t sce of current mariages is larger and re luxurious an that in h past .
There ar soe reasons for ts situation .
Persnall , I tin this developmnt has bo psiive d negativ ies .
Thanks to increasing living standard , people e abl to afford a bgger and expensive wedding .
If in he past , they just old wedding at hme to save money , now they tend to choose retaurats and hotels insted .
Second , it is likely that nowaays pople ocs oe on appearance , so luxurious nd elegant weddin is an occain o tm to show f .
It et peopl to now ht they re importan or powerfl .
Finally , people he mor relatonshis in ife as well as in business .
Tereore , the nmber gues invited to t weding ae uch more thn that those in prvious time .
A bigger wedng is equired to mt this change .
Obiousl , xpensive n lager mrriage have some benefits .
It is a special se to brng people together .
As a eult , re ew relationships are creatd , people gt more chan to co - orinate in business a help ec other in fe .
Those who losing contact f a log time a exchage current infomation and kep in touch agai .
Furthermore , odrn weddings big to eople ne experiences about food , lifesye ad culture exchangng .
However , there re also some drawbcs it bring aot .
These such b and expensive marrages waste a t of money n ie to repare .
Groms , brids d their parnts usually have to boo resturan , hotl , invite sier and famo masr of ereony to make he wedding eriou .
nstead of that , this amount of ony an ep the cule b hou or a fr a ne fe .
st b not lest , in some cases , ny fo th ske of showing off , my coupl , after getting married , ave to work hr to an money to pay e eb for wedding expediture .
To conlue , marriage is a landmark of individual .
However , a wedding ih a reasonable scale will ithr satisfy the guests or redue he burden for the oule an thr fmilie .
It as a tr I 'll never forget .
At first , wen h ski lift rs up to he statin , I a terified as I was suspnded from t gron .
Some days before we hd decided to ognize an excursin to a ntur tral nearby as sn as we arrived at the ailay stop , we wre so ascinatd by ha suronded us that we ad bn walking for three hurs alog a pat , uddenly , our surroundings appered to be ar ilder than it ad ben before so we stope teking and we d a look at o ap .
Onl then d we realize we ha lost our way , we had not been ayin atentin to ou path , the nly thig we oud do as to go back .
As we were gog bak to the sk li , we hea a stang noise which w comin from th buses beind us .
We tred towards e bushes imediately , we ee worried as we had listened to he radio that a ear could have livd tere .
Fortunately , it was a beutifl dee as aby which looked at us an n ay mo frightened than us .
Eventull , it s a special trip !
er to whom it may concn ,
I am writin to apy o a o in a summer camp in th USA .
I am interested in t jb becas this woul be an pportunity of pending my summer in a mor u ay .
Another thing is hat : I woud iprov my skll in wrkig ih children and I find h mney useful to expnd my academic ualifications .
Frstly , I am a young colge student , a frendly pers and devoted to my tdies . I ejy cooking as one of my hobies .
I lso take pleasure in playing tenns , for e benefits of practisig ports n staying active .
Besies , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor oes .
I believe this job wul suit me r the following reans : I am familiarizd it the envionmnt in sumer camps as I spent my previous summr in o .
Another reason is tht I have gind experience tkin care of children from orking as a abysitter recently .
Furthermore , I have a gra nse of ledrship as wll as the social skills need from being a scout f five years .
All in l I can ssue yu that I woud be a grt addiin to ou team of wokers r al h reasons above stated .
For tt , I hope my leter is taken no onsidertion .
I patienly await an nswr .
With kind regars , atarina
La summer I spent in Oxfor , UK studyg English in language shool for ESL learners .
I kew no one in the city ; my friends d family we far wa , so I felt lonely .
I came to shoo with amot zero knowledge of English , n after try tests , I was applid to lel higher tha ne .
When I wn to class thre was a rou of students h hd alrad tudied together r ome time .
Being apy togthr , th wre not paying attntio to a new girl .
here was o a chance to befried with them , I thougt .
Thrd shol day gone , o of the classmates caugh me in a hall an akd if I ant to join em tonight for dinner .
I was needed practice in speaking so uh , so it wa what h doctor rdered !
Tee was h oly proble : I can not communicate wl in Enlis and I s rally s bout it .
ut when the dine started tee was nothn to wor , because my classmates appeared supportive d patient .
This evening wa so delightful !
I tod tm abou my conty ad family , I was speaing English and ey wer undrstanding me !
It ave me a stong bief in future progress in learning .
Th guy h nvite me , Fancois from France , spoke wt me more hn hers .
Sartin to spend evry evening together , we spoke about past , expressd ou thoughts nd future plans .
Every time when I flt weak about my Enlish he suported me like no one else .
He helped me forget abou my er , bcaus his believin in my success ma me stroger .
Afte two eeks he returne to Frace , but we keep in touch even toda .
I am going to France hi December , ad Frcois will sh me independent Pars !
Hllo Paul ,
Did you remember tt I wet to the Muse concert in Dublin lt moh ?
I 'm sur you rmember because I spoke a lot about this ven .
I was n't a imle spectator .
I wa part of the team !
I was in chag of h tikts sale .
There were ten door in the uilding d my job was to sell tiets at door mber 5 .
I sod 57 tickts at the prie of 55 € uros .
I could ee e show from my ple bt the mo exciting hng hapened at the en of the sow .
he artists invited all e saf to a big pat in a restaurant .
It as unbeievabl to speak wh t artist and ask them questions about teir life d habi .
Nowadays it 's omon to thik tt ravellin by r is muh more convetien than travelling by public transport but it 's no rue at all .
Som surveys have demonstraed tha traellng by car is ore expensive that travelling by public ransprt .
Th inceae in the uel cost r exampe , wl have srely a negaiv mpac on the use of private vehices .
Moreove other cos ill act upon the prices of travelling by prvate ehicls .
In the same surveys , h esercher show ho travllig by pblc ansport is safer ha travelling by r .
The annual aveae of cashes caused by public transort measures of 43% , instead of the privat one tt is arond 76% .
As for the pulltion , it oul be reduced if peol s the publi vehicles ; it is well - kow that e CO2 emissins per passener kiometr by pubc mans of transportation are 80% less than a car .
Obviously the quality of ublic ranspor has to be impoved .
Signifcan canges have to be doe eithr to ensure the qualty of service and the conditions of te coaches , rains an other public means of transportatio .
In tis a the cusomr c fee cofotable as they ll in theirown cars .
ESSAY : Yung people in pain e not as healthy as they shol be
h latest esearh cried ut by The Health Department in Span hw ht oung people are not as halthy as twenty years ago .
Tha cou be a highr problem if the tren is maintained for a og me beause puli spending could rise 60 % in he nt 10 yer .
e esons for that may a in he current financial riis at is strongly affectng over os middle clsses in he counry .
The w quality in products ht youn peole eat and the littl ariety in eating habi cul get things even worse .
sides , oo much use of computer and mobie phone is not lping to nd he roblem at a .
Finally , it is provd tht youths are deting les time to do exerie than they shoul an as a consequence , they ae ot improving their eeral health enough .
As far as I am cncerned , I think Spaish government should implent health programmes a advertisement ampaigns in ordr to improve heth in young poplation .
Furthermore , Sanish schools shod pa more atenton to this attr a teach chldren how to devep a healthy lifetyle .
avelling by car is oly convenient in a restricted sense while plic trnspor is veall mo convenient .
Wa is meant by a restricted sense is that for adults , who r healthy d able bodie , having cces to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
They cn simly travel hen hy chse and ot be tied to a timetal tat has bee dvised ou of hei control .
However note my emphasis on adu , healthy and able - boie , for yon pele , fo ler peope , fo pple with disabilities beig abl to driv brings moe cots than benits .
A public trasort system is much mr convenien for is group of popl because they wo n't need to worry about he kll and attention needed f driving .
Furtherre t monetary cost in the long un are much tter using public transport bh fr ndividuas and for the wer society .
I totally agree wi ths statement .
Fous people often are annoyed , because every their aion will apea in te magazines or Internet .
They ca n't do trivial this such as shopig or oing to the cinema with their family isensible for the fans and papparazi .
Even hen celebrities r haig holidays pople ask them to give an autograph .
Someimes famous eople lok a litle i differen tat on the stge ad thir face wihout any makeup appear in th Internet .
From : Eln
Date : ly 26 , 2015
Hll James!I had already read ou eml and I 'm gog to try to give yo som adie . I know you love doing pors , in specil gf , ad it helps yo a lot to be in shape , but , do yu eally have to do it ?
Is necessary for your healh but , what about if u go runing in the mornings ?
You ep dong sport but in nothr time .
On the oth hand , I know that music is your asion , a in my opnon , you shuld n't ive up music classes , hen o 're stress it helps y to relxes you .
Also u 're aout to finish your clases , so if yo ge up mic , ou will discard all your effort .
Anyways , if you fee tt going to your music class is stressful d ou do n't have time to do it , t a new spor ! may soccer , or go running in the mornig as I sai bere , belive me golf is kind uny but you do n't eercise too muh as yo ould .
I hop ths eter help ou to ecie whatyou will do .
e y soon !
Elna
h complxity of human behavior is riical in pot .
As a result of th many tudies ave shown that thletes shuold be otivae to pu themselves bove the record .
You ned a motivation to believe in ou self that u a achieve it .
This attitde is eseciall true to Sportsan d women .
Swimming includes all thes abilities .
One of the mos difficult prt on the Earth ll lar you what it ans ad work , sacriice , pain , strain but as satisfactn , dtermination , prid and trggle .
he complexities in swimmin ae ot nl f h bod or out u aove l for the mn .
If you wat to im evyda pushing yourself abv your limis , you defiitely need a strog psyche a a olid motivation .
People th would to start th sport , they shol no tht this is not just a sport .
Ti is ife .
Y ertainly ill lrn to fail and win u the most important thing tht you will ln is never give up .
Futhermoe like Michael Pelps sid : " Tere will be obstacles , thee il be doubtr , there ill be miakes ut with hrd work ... thre ar no limit " .
Peol have h a need in communication snce e dawn of tme .
Every huan being h a nd in ocialisng d that is the irst reasn why I believe we sta making friends .
Peronaly I sualy get on wi people rtty well and make new frends easily as I am a natral extrvert ( or so I tnk ) .
It usually srts with sma lks or compliments , as at shol I ws taught that xpessing apprtiation to peope an be a go tar of any kind of relationships .
A te friendship tself forms on a base of srong mtul undertanding and th tke a go dea of time .
Finds do not have to share the sae opnion on evry topic , however , they should respect a sppot each ter even if they disagree .
All in l , een dspite te fact that maki friend n be a struggle ( they need o te nd efforts ) , they ge us support and lve and improve r ood when we ee it most .
I wa walkin in te nter of urin he I aw a g , beautiful hotel , with a lot of plice who were trying to manain law an order because the er a t of people lke me that wanted to know wha as ong on .
I w a policeman who w my fren and he exained to me that a man had en kille by someone and he allowed me to go into he room and e th sene of te crime .
I went to see h room of ts oor man , call Mr Sith .
All th room w in order and the policeman xplined to me tt the man , h had been ey l , had al been rich .
Mr Smith was found on the floor ih next to h a glass , wch was completely broken .
I thought tha he must ae calld e reception fr ome wine , as e waitress said that every niht afte he d eaten , he awys dnk a glas of wi .
All nit t bod d lain li this on t flor .
e et day th waitress kncke one , tice , ree tis but no e answered , so she thought tat the ma might hae gone out .
Se opend th om with me keys that ll th waitresses have , and saw Mr Sith lyng ea on the floo .
h detectives nalysed wht wa in the glass and it wa posn .
I hin tat someone who wanted to inherit Mr ith 's mone must ave killed him fo th reason .
In fac I discovred tt Mr Smit 's nephew anted a his fortune .
So he us have kled h ih he poio .
Sometimes pele wil do anytng or som money
Noadays it 's beieved tha it 's better to rk on your own ta to work as a goup .
First I complely agree wih th t then whe I started to tin aut it I ralzed that it 's not lie that .
Firsty I think hat if yo work as a team yo ca help each other and if you have moe peole to talk aou any situation you could ave a better and more completey answer because ou av the ideas a te knowledge of ery single member of h group .
Secondly I thnk that e members of the team gve you suport , lv a comny .
Sometimes the members of a group began to be so close to you that you lo them he same as if they wre part of your family .
Moreover if it is a really nic oup it is unnir to work with tem han to ok alne .
In conclusion , I belee that it 's eter to work as a team than to wr on yur own because ey give you ove , company n o could ss a vey good time
It is ell knon tht an image is betr tan a thousnd ords and that may be the resn for t success of television in a recent urvy as the most imporant inventon of te last 100 eas .
However , ti elctio could not be the wiet as thre e oth inventions more sefu tha telesion and with better future applicatons .
I am refering to the Internet . Born in the 19 's as a military poect to interconnect the missile facilities ad the cntal headquarters , it oon spread to unvesities an educational centes .
This ft , alon th the spreading of prsonal computers , quickly became in a gneralization of its s in te frt decade of e XXI ntury .
Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of tlevison and is chievments .
Fo more than 50 year it has be the mn enertainment cannl dslacing thrs as radio , theater , cinema and , sady , aso boks .
In is fit year television w also an mportat channel to culture ( theter las , classic ilm , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , in the last yar tlevisin has los ti educaional fou .
The Internet , on e ther se , has became more and more poular nt only for entertainment b al for business a today is almost iposible to ind an atvity in which te Internet does n't la a major role .
The Intret has lso replce television to watch flms and TV shos , secially amng oung peopl ho prefer to ownload and wach the videos insed of watching on h fixed schedule of TV .
A fire in the renc Alps
This experience is unbelievle and unfgettable to me .
It was in winer 002 hen 2 friends and me wr woing in a otel in a vilage called Tignes .
Th hoe ha 8 foors nd te wokers livd on the p foor .
At about 8 p.m in the eening on December 1th , my friends and me we back home .
It s he d of a hard or 's d so we went to e eay ; we were vr tired and we had forgotten to put o a cdle .
Then , disastr struck .
One hour lter ur abl as on re .
While he ire ws spreang all ovr h bedroo , I woke up and Matxi was uncocious because ter was a lot of sok in the bedrom .
Monica and me alld out her name and we lpped her fac .
Fortunatey , we managed to ake her up .
At h omen , some friends d other workers who lived on he same flo go it the bedroom .
At the beginning , we ould n't stop t fie , and although his niht sound impossible , we anaged to put ot the re .
That day I was arai , but w I reember th expeiene as a good tim .
Public transport has een discussed enough but the is always spe for furher discussio .
o t quetio ue iscussin is whher public trasport has future as tavelling by ar is gaining more n oe populary because of its advanaes .
Well , I hin it s uture .
Fis , hre ae always lo of peopl wh would prefer no to gv uch thought where to park their ca or hw to avoid trffic jas .
The meto , which is a eans of pubc trnsprt , solv all thee problems .
In saller towns ithout underground there are usually a numer of us rots to cover the ci ar , so , all o ned is to go to a u op ad to ge on a bus and oon yu 'll reach e destination .
ne shul n't forget at using public transort helps to save mon .
It 's ot a secret that ga , insurance and eparings ar cosl .
Sfty issue is very important also .
It is obios that is safr o the environment th thirthy ca with an only persn nsie .
You shuld ta int acount tht thirty drivers(often inexeienced or aggressive ) pse a greater danger to road users hn than e traned bus drive who eels resonsibiliy for his passengrs d o other particpants of the traffic .
h aswe is evident , I thin .
n the last b not the leas thing is that thee re quit a lot of peop who are ot ble or just do n't wat to drive , so the ly ay ut for them is pubic ransport .
Moever , cities ' authoriies encourage development of public transport bcaus it crates employment , lesens mpact on the environment and contribute to oa saty .
So , my pinion is ha public transprt des have the ftue . Taveling by r is convenie t pubc tranport has undeniable bnefit for long lasting life as well .
It w a beautiful Suny morning nd Michel ws preparing to go out to meet his old fried Pte .
He was unnig to e cafe here hey were sposed to meet .
Pter was alredy there and he imdiately told Michl about a rip to Ital that he a planed for them .
Everythig sounded great , they only nede a little bit more mone n a car .
Michl taugt tha he could se hs fher 's car , and borrow so mon ro s mother .
He knew that Peter wa a ittle bit irisponcibile , but he taught that he arragemnt soude perfect and nting culd go wrg .
He managed to t e oney and ta t car frm i dad and en to pick up Peter .
He o to Peter 's aparment to help im with his lggag .
He as thnkig tha ths tme it would be diffrent , erything was plaed d ey will ave a great ime .
He opeed e door d saw that eter as n't pakd at l , he had change is mind about the trip .
Michae losd t dor and kn at tat moment he had made a mstake .
Alison read t note , smled and immediately put on her coat .
She 's gotten used to receiving those short mesags every da .
Someone old wite something hot an mple like " Keep smiling " or " You 're beautiful " and eve te not on t mirr right behnd the front do .
No name of the author on it , bt le 's face it - there ws only o guy on Brooklyn who would ake up evey dy bore the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , n run lik crazy to Aisn 's family small lt .
Just to mke e mile eey single mornin as if somethig mazing had hpened to hr .
Occasionally her older sister would watch her down from t hll and ok er index finger on her frehead . " What a jrk " she 'd mutter under hr breth .
t truth as hat she wa jealus .
Vry , ey jeaous .
Tmas a one of those ys th every l hd wised to be arund wit .
He was handsome as hell , ell - bid and a true gentleman .
He worked hard at the docs to me a good living wi hs mother .
S los her job whn a started , as wel as h husband - Tom 's ather .
Back hn it was pretty obvious that regarless his young age of seventee , he woul qit shol ad sar earing money .
Because it 's jus he way m is - stubborn a righteos .
Alison , ell ...
Try to fit a heart an bravery of a lion into a smll frame of sixteen - er - l gil .
She was weak , b preferred to be caled fgile , as if that mde a significant dfferenc .
er mar health probe as asthma , as well as aemia , lo immune syse and underweight .
Credits to the ls ne , she 's skin and boes with almost no muscles .
Al her clohes ar om id sctin a y they 're uually too ose .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , cirled ith ong brown eyelashes n recls , that makes he appearance uniue d cause Tm 's heart to flutter every time he brgs to his mnd her piercing stae .
Alion 's sister , on the other ad , is a total oposite .
Mar is a pctue of healh wih all r curves and pretty face .
Small su nose , full lis and high cheekboes .
No freckle as he skin is perfect at eer inc .
Th nly thng they have in common r eyes , tkn ro their mother .
st is anything bt completely iffrent .
That 's why ary is conantly suronded with a unch of fellas meanwhile m is h oy oe to ollow Alison a ha her bak .
And hel , sh nees at least n to do it .
FILM REVIE
ROMO A ULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
T bst known le str of al te - Romo and Juliet - ha bee adapted a number of ime for h cinema and ao ade int sccessful musicals .
One of t most renowne omnce fil basd on the Shakespearean play was directed by rnco Zeffirelli in 968 .
Ti fli stns out from low qualty ersions because of ts accurate details .
The sript is a faithful translation of the origia text and the plot , as el , siks to hakespere 's ok .
hi remarkable toy is set in Veoa in te 15th centry .
The fl , instead , was shot in ctral tal and suprisngly he scene of te balon as't een been fild in Verona .
It 's about the raic fate of o young lovers whose families are bter enemies .
Roeo and Juet fall in lve and screty get married .
e young bridegroom then is ivolved in a bal and banshed om the viage .
e ly becomes tremendousl thrilling until e couple 's death .
Te acting of a classic is undoubedly a dfficult tsk , an ye ivia Hssey and Leonard Whing py their oe very covincingly .
Believable costus an location , unforgettable soundtrack ad outstanding performances ceebrte a gripin d moving story ht wil charm yu .
If you any travelling bak in time , do n't mis th pie of at .
It 's wth it !
To : manae of the centre
From : Jhn Jes
Re : eport about Active Leiure Club
The aim of this report is to ma sggestion abou the faclities of te lub .
The swimming pol is g enough an the temprature of t wter is fne .
Hower the water is dirty n it is recommended to clean t poo at least twice a we .
Te ym is nice and comfortable , u nwe machines should be bought to repce som of the machines at a actually in use .
The new teis court was found vey usel because mt members of he club claimed that the iked playing tennis .
As he court is cheap an the changin roo is ne ad cean .
On t oter hn the opening hour r not enough and they should be extnded .
The gym reception is nie , but the wals are pantd with dark lours .
Is advisable to pain the wall wh a brihte coor .
Apart om e above menined pints , there maybe so many othr ideas which n make a g difference to t club .
Anna kn that it a going to be a vey spcil y for her .
Se did n't know exactly hy , t she ad h feeing .
The feelig it would be he last day of her jouney .
She began to rminisc about the sart of he jurney .
ack then wh she had be a little ki , she ad dreame of eing the enire rld .
In order to realiz her rea , she a begun e journey .
It had n't been easy , e hd hd to leav her beloved homelnd ehid .
Jus afe saying farewell to her homelnd , she had e an old oman .
T woman d mled to Alice and a giv her some words of advice , " Young girl you lose omething imortant to yu .
But do n't worry , as log as ou 're willing to rein it , no attr what it aes , y wil fi it ain " .
Alie had looked on confusion as the woman had been walking away .
Mn years ad passed .
Alice h gone thrugh the entire world , frm te hotest dest to t ighes mountain .
Alice had ecide to rturn to her homeland .
Hwevr , whe she a arrived hee a n't ben anything but a rren desert .
e had be shcke .
Her fily an her homeland d disappeared .
Saess stokd he heat .
t , just as hope alst disappeared , h had remebred the wrds of the l lady .
And so , she h ooked around to fd a wa .
Te she h found a ate nearby .
As unelevable as it sees , it ha been a gate of time .
It ha ben tol that anyone who steed through it ould be cursed , but lic 's willingness had een stronger hn her fears .
She , without any hesitation , ad gone through t gate .
Finally , after mh time travels , Alice ad is feling .
Te feeling of e end of r ret journey hroug ti .
She we f her las journey .
The frst thing s sw s a young gil .
She lokd at e n was instantly remnded .
That gir , indeed was Aice herself in her uth .
ore specifically , it a Alce when she a srting her journey .
e instantly kw that her homeland mu be nearby .
Se thn said h same words as the o lady h d et long o .
And finally , she en on to her destination , her beloved homland .
Has ou told me that I will win some lterar ompetitons nd that so eople will speak ll of me , I would n't have believ yo .
e yr wa 201 and I had n't writtn anthing until that y - I just had been ranslting so stories d once even subttles r a Korean movi from English a Sanish .
But at a - it ws on sring n I believe it was ursday - my Englsh teacher told us bout a literary competion .
Th theme was ' I visited the arh in2112 ' .
It sounded lik a quite good hallenge for me so after fnishing e then lessons I quickly sa ow an started writi .
n hn I ote dn he last senten I immedately sent it to the stated ema .
Only then I realised ht there is nothing mor to do , that I have to just wait .
Fst ys I ws a little bit nervus but day by day I sartd orgettin about ny competiton .
But a month ago my mbie phone stare to ring .
An unknown number .
I picked up and har nice woman voice .
And that voice tol me tht I am a winner of a third lace !
So happy wa I !
That moment a bit chane my lie because I 've stared to wite more nd more store .
And h more wn copeitions , te oe proud wa I of myself .
Since I was a child , I had been curio to ko h suff work .
Disassembling games , buldin things of ood n playing Lgo we my favrie hobbies .
Through t years , my interst in machines an elctrical devices increased , so wenever a evice sop wokin I tries to fix it before cllng te maintnance , and my parents aways encouraged me eve when I broke it on .
When I was in secondary choo , n my friends ere draming of be Doctors or Detsts , I decided tat I ill be an electrical gineer or mechaicl engineer , so I entered th cientific branch .
During my tudy , my pares and I noticed at I understand kietc physics mor than electrial physis .
Also , I as good at mathemaics sujects that related to solid geometry , that is why I decided to tuy mechanical engineering .
Since I nroled in e facty of mechanical engineeing , I hd a gal to complete my astr study in Euroe or America .
After seaching and akig , I ond Germany has numerous prestgous technical uiversities , and it offers grat study amosphere f freign suents and supports hem in many ws .
Moeoer , Geman is one of the biggest ndusrial countries in he world and it hs many huge factories .
dditinally , th ivig cost are quie afforable .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Gemay is he best country to coplee my std abroad .
I have ben working as a teacher of mechanial materials in a vocational school ince my radation .
I reay lk this rofession and how good it fel to spread science nd knowledge to new geertions .
Threfore , I have decided that I am gon to continue my postgraduate study d pusue a Ph.D. dgree to work as a teache at a university .
I have been ooking for a while for suitab uversity to aply to .
I rad about TU - Clausthal n I decded to apply to it or mny reasons .
irst , I like th curriculum of h mechanical engineerig aster program .
Second , TU - Clausthal a ery good ratin in engneering at man wbsite le ranking.zeit.de .
Tird , TU - Clausal gis codiional admisso and it has a language cetr .
Finll , TU - Clausthal located in fasciatin nture .
I ho that I get te cnce to cmpete my study at yur university and to gain pracical experience in n of the greatest industrial countris in t worl .
A lot of dfferet languages ar spoken in all ve th wrld , and it is no easy to choose one of them to learn it .
my viw is that nowadays Enish is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English irt .
T most common reasons to stud a lngage are the o an trvellng .
Altough in se places pple do n't spak English , yo alays an find somebody who do .
In adition , English is ot too diffiut to lan .
Even hogh you have to study vocabulary and expressions , he gamma is easy to understand and you can be able to do simple sentencs in a fw days .
O of the subjects at school is Eglih .
Therefore , we have to study it , nd when we fnih school we usually continu improving our Enlis efor learning anothr one .
A thin consided , I tink hat English is the easiest option en y want to study a lanuage .
ereas tre ae a ot of otions , we rarely start lening other laguage before we n communicate well in English .
Digital advetsing ; an excing but undesirable business
It is indisputable tha advrtisng has ecme a permanent fixture in our dal lives .
nce a curious novelty ha was agely conidered a rmless addtion to ou sometimes dull and overly fmiliar envionment , it was elcoed as n n informative .
It was als - if n wishe to do so - relatively asy to igne .
B we have w etere a w era of the attention - grbbing business : it digitalisation .
Their transforation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from miniscule to va s made advets all - pervaive .
Researchers say that an average adu in th develpe wold is now exposed to hundreds of commercial messages evr day .
hose inolved in this ucratie biness are in we of h lmost endess possbilties tha recent technologia advances offer them .
Multimedia , adertisin n enterainmnt companis now work in synergy to trget everyn fr todders who can bael pek to pensioners confusd it e seed of life in e n a , unsutly playing on thei needs and desires in order to trn hm all into faiful consuers .
They have so successfully infiltrated eir ow prodct it u everyday existence at we no lnger see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisnc .
Creators of dverts have long given up on informing t consumes n instead opted for seducing te .
Th resul re insincere , misleading and ofte deceiul messages that u mind are satuatd wi .
Perhaps it is time to do an experimnt and hit a pause button d reflet upon this subject matter .
Imagine a orld withu adverts , for a ek at least .
Would it be bleak and born and leav us at a loss as what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long yearned r respite ?
er Chaian ,
I am writi with regard to th capaign that you are pomting in fvour of an international sports competition that coud be hose in my tn .
As a mater of fact Venice cld be a vry good candidate for hosting the marathon cometition , hich will last o day
Moreoer Vnie is one of he most beauifu cultural ciies in Ital .
T marathonetscoming before or stayng after t competition can tak e advantage of viitig te city , whch offers a gat el of failities
here r t separae communication netorks in th cy , that of the waterways and that of the narrow trees .
Public water buses d privae war txi run 24 hur a d lthouh ls frequentl at night .
he mi cntr an be eahed very eail .
Despt th private seice is vey expensive it is efficient .
Four nd fve strs hote are located in the man area , bu smler hotels d a oth hotel re also vailable to families .
Hotel receptions and trvel agencies are always ready to hel their guests with a wide rag of information on the city 's entertanmens , exhibitons and so on .
ihtseeing ad excursions with private local gies are available on request .
In additin to is there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in te city sc as theatres , cinas and ght - cus .
On th contrary participants will fin a wie range of rsturants , trattorias n bars wit a good selection of menu suggestin local fod .
Som of hes restaurants cn be qie expensive .
In conclusin I think hee will be no obstacles and objections to host this sporng competition in my on wic on th the ha is also a ultral eet o many of the particants .
Yours faithfully
Hey Pul
I rad yur emai esterdy ut I had n't had e time to ply ye .
he concert I helped at was amazng !
I helped cateing the staff and duing the conce I was free to walk around wherever I wanted becus they ve me a security bage .
I jus d to make sure oboy was hugr or thisy .
This also meant I was allowed to go backstage and take care of e bands .
I had asked if I d permsson to stand in rot of h stge during te ai concer d the organisation greed .
e support ct was a rher unknown band bu they wee relly good .
d I tell you who he headliner was ?
I do n't tik so ..
It was NKELBACK !
Their stlis was extrmey good .
They play al of thr famou songs and addd some new ones .
fter the so I ha th chance to meet e band members .
Chad Kroeger gav me tei nw CD and the ntre nd signed it o me .
Th guys were raly nc !
I had an amazin time , too bad you could n't be there .
Hope to see yo soon .
Valie
Hello Jane !
Here is a pcture from the las summer whe we wre in Halland on an island called Nidingen !
My nae is Lorin an I am 13 yeas o . I live in Djurslm at Riddarvägn 42 , los to a fild .
I wa born on Auust 4 at the hospitl in Danderyd .
In my family we are fie pele , my mom Mala , my dd Claes , my ittle sister Nvale a my little brother Edvard .
Novalie is 10 year ol and Edvard is 6 ears old .
In my spre tie I lk to be wih friends ad I do alo play soer , dan and ski .
I really like to do sports bause I lik to be outside .
I compee in skiing ad I think it 's very funny . I often go siing in Åre , Vemdalen ad in Raundbrget .
Once evry year I ski with my k ub ( Täby lalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzerland we have ben to Sas f d Zermatt .
In Zermatt y ca s the mountai atterhorn ( the mountai that you e on tblerone package ) .
It is a very cool mountin .
I do ao k wt my fmil a tht is h best .
I ke slalo because it goes fast n I like snow .
In the summer olidys my faily and I just to be at the vest easide on a smll iland called Kålhuvuet .
Th is one of o sumehouses I lov to be thee because wn we ae there we swim in the ocean a we fish crabs an ju hve a relly n .
You n of corse see the ocean a it is ery beautiful .
Something se I like to do is shoppng .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost ree . I like it becue it is fun to look at clothes and try he .
I read pretty much and my favourite bok is arry Pter .
I ike fatasy a ha book is fatasic .
If it a possible to go on Hogwarts I would do it .
Now you ko wht my favourite book is so o can almost gues ht my favorite movi is … Of course arry Potter .
But I do also lie a movie caled The game plan .
It is about an American footbal player who es n't know tat he as a aughte n one d t dugher ame to his artment .
Then it is a f and fantasc story that I do n't wan to a becse then it is nt going to be fun to se te movie .
I do n't se movies only I lok at om series to .
o exampe Pretty little liars and Modern Fmil .
Prty litle liars is a litl t scar but I like it .
Modern family is my favrite series .
I ike it becue it is vy comic .
My favurite song is a og called handeier wih an artist cled Sa .
It is a girl call Jasmine Thompson and e sig cover son d I thin she is a realy good singer .
I do also li a song calle classic with an artist cale MKTO .
e nd I like is n direction I think hey sing eally od .
en they we in Sweden I was on their concert and ter ta my voice were alost gone .
B there wa eally n to be there u is what pretty cold , because on riends arena te roof w en .
My favouie food is sush or a fillet of ef wit potatoes and béarnaise .
I ike sushi becaus t combination wit fish , rie and soya aks it delicious .
I ike ef a my favourite is a filet of beef with béarise , it is a very good combination .
My favourite resturat is a restaurant caled daboms in Åre eause the have h best paghetti bolognes ever .
Hope o njoed ur radng , I think this is what yu maybe wat to knw abot me !
Michael closed th dor and kw at that oment he had made a istake , beaue t door old n't be opened again .
He was rpped .
Michael wa vr anxious and he d n't no what to do nymoe .
e room ws really dark ad Micheal could n't see anything .
he suddenly Micheal fl smethng der is foot .
It was a hamer .
Micheal tried to h the doo with hammer , but it as useless cause at door s ad of sel .
Snugly Micheal herd steps comng toards to hi .
icheal was relly scared and he closed his eye .
He opned hi ye agin when the steps ere fed ay .
Michal felt himself stragely , because he was n't feling wall rund hm .
Micheal as tck in nwhre .
udenly Micheal felt pai in his cest .
Te pain beame stronge d stonger .
He felt like he is abut to i .
He starte cyng bcase thre was nothing he could do abt it .
At the moment Miheal wanted to die , he sa a light comin from beyond .
He sarted running towads he lgh .
T moment he reahed the light vrything changed .
He did n't feel anythin .
He could fly around .
Micheal seed to be rlly happy in is moment .
Michea felt somethi shang h .
He wa rely cnfused becaus he thoght he was dead .
Suddenly Micheal opened i eys a he raized it was just a weird drem .
Smes and Sound at Charity Fun Day
hs year 's Charity Fun Day s brillant nd we raised lts of money .
It w amazing event !
Local people were invited a a talent competiton w hld .
Several stuent band played an a vriety of food w available !
Everything strted on Saturdy aternoon on the main square in Krakow .
Number of peopl exceeded my expectations !
There wer a lot of hm .
e weather wa antastic : th sn was shiig and birs ere singing .
Gneraly , ands laye reat , but of cors here wer aso terribl singers in the cometiion - but it did n't mater so muh .
I 'll never forget e sounds a sils of thee happy peope with tir arms in the air who we stnding uner h sage .
As we know , ths yp of event ca n't take pace without food .
On a Charity n Day the air a filed with he fabulous smell of Indian , Italian and many oter worl cisin .
Unfortunately , not al of the od a tasty , so one of the thing I 'd suggest changn ex yea is to void e hot ds .
Als I 'd rcommen delicious homemad ic cream .
It s fantasic eperiene , espcially r people for which it was intend .
If y 're ookig or a really od y out , come to next ar 's Chariy Fu Day .
Y wo n't be disappointed .
Dea Jae ,
I 'm so sorry that it to me so lng to reply , but I had to ove ou of my arnts ' house last week .
It 's breaking my heart to he tht you 're in so terrile situation .
It must be awful for you .
To be hnest , I 've never nderstod why you eoy boxing ayway .
It 's brutal and I 'm always worried about ou .
You 're such a cue , little girl .
And this sprt ... I 'm surprised yo can tll play pino after all those accidents yu 've had .
n you know ho much I love yu music .
It 's calming , beautiful and omehow suts ou .
So if I er you , I 'd go for mui casses .
aving sa th , I also ust adit hat I know how hardworking you can be .
So I believe , if you really wt to pursue both , o c do it n I 'll uppot you no matter wht .
I hoe I helped y a it .
Let me know what is our dciion .
And el me more about hat guy you et last month !
You 've been supiciously uie about that recently .
Be wiss ,
Daria .
I discvere t Enlish language when I was ght , a that amazed me so much that o year ate I starte to take a couse .
English was lso e key or my pasin fo technology , te oe that I undertood te lnguage , th moe I undrstood hw to use compute and the intenet .
out six monts later , I joind a comter class for kid in he sme location tha I took he English clsses a inc then , my love for mputers nd the language ut grew .
ha is wy I wish to rk in te areas of Computer Sciences , ad tudying abroad would give me an extr motvatin an open w doors to how and expn my ful potential .
Besides being my personal favorite for its cultur and languag , he Untd Sats of America offers big opportunities in this area , for it 's grt universities and educatonal system .
I am currenty an intern on a scientific research progam in a rup caed GALP - Logical Programming Teachi Grou , tht , ih te local city al of Araraquara , aims to transform he city into a national technology , reseac and software prodcing ente , accomplishing ts goal by teaing logical thikng and alghoitms to kd , diminshing uture evasion in many exat scincs course .
To bring back from this exchange echical kowedge in programming , as well as new mehds of teachi , wul be outstanding .
lthugh I writ and spek Enish in an dvnced proficiency leel , tis exchange would provide the fleny I need in aademic grounds ad interpersonal cmmnication , as all of te ms relevant paper , research and jornal are written in English , I nt to achieve tis level to me it easier to wre an produce good material fo he sentific community , nd to communicate btter th a cultures .
In Brazil , there is a ue lack of rofesionals on he field of informaton technology in ot academic n work arket , travlling aboa , especaly in t U.S. , oul qualify me in both areas .
Although I prefer h academic fild , workin in a copny reltd to otware desig d creation woud be a marvellous way of aining experience in e field .
I would be happy too , if by any chance I could ppy to summer jobs or internship , as anohe way of gaining xperiene .
Working as an intern at an informaion tecnology company or as a teahe assistant would provide me wth a good example of how the marke wo for th academc and wor creer .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. for it 's differentated educational sytm , for te work and research opportuniie at I might fd , to no btter a culue that amazes me fr its capacity to novate in ll ilds , to beome luent in a lanuag tha I love , to rtrn to my country wh moe knowledge in reas at I woul ot fn here , n , in lng - term , bcome a betr rofessional or taher , wt a od d soid backgund on computer sciences , inforation technology a finaly , system anasis ad deeopment .
I am writing to info ou bout the most beautiful places d intereting buidings in Vilnius .
Thr are mn places to visit b h most beautiful is Trau ctle .
It is vry popular pce to visit among touriss .
I think at a rop of oveeas students us se it .
This cstl is vey ol d it is surrounded by water .
The castle is ver big n yo will need some hours to visit it .
It is very beautiful nd ere ae may interestin hings to e in is cstle .
If you wn to visit it , ordr a gui o wl tl yo the history of the cast in Englih .
hs castle consists of many buidings and en underground tunnels .
In the yard of the castle you will see ome cnnos and other guns .
Moreover , there are ma souvenirs sellers so you oud uy something .
I hpe that you will visit Trak csle while staying in Vilnius .
Yours faithfully ,
Rs
" Installtio a " is a e for of expression ade of a mixte of media at orks , used by contempora artss to communicate somehing in a moern way , different frm tradtional arts .
Installations e uualy plced in big spaces beause they hv an important structur with th ma task of akin people reflec on something imprtant that te atst eds to communicate to the biggest numb of pele .
Persally , I have seen only one " instalation art " .
It was siuated ino a stand in Parque Dl Reiro , in Madrid .
It was built by to diferent elemnts .
Th firt , paced in a corner of th tan , w md by a pile of plastic bottles and plastic bkets .
Te second , in h entre of the stan , was a column made of colure plastic basets , srrouned by plastic bttls .
The arist wated to represent the difference between e cologica recycig of platic comaed to te common colection of trash .
Seeing it for the first tm it was imposile to understad he meain of the colum or the ple .
Ony afr havin read the explantion it w possible to ppreciate te installation rt , and to hav he cplete attention to s meann and shpe .
Despite the beay , w form of ats are ey complicated to understn , espcially compared to classical ars .
An example could be the edieval a .
Seeing a Da Vinci 's ortrit or a landscpe painting , it is immdiatly osible to appreciate the bauty of colurs or t accuray of shap and h expession of the sjects painted .
At first ght the painins evke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece hels to hae a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
On the other hand , looig at an istallation art it is ader to have a cer emotion at te first sight without knowing h meaning of it or somthing about the artist .
In onclusion I ink that all form of art are made r e same reason , to communicate something .
In evey istric priod , artists hav represented their li an what they feel in ifferen ays .
Cassical t w more easy o us to undersan ecause it has been studied at sool ad it is very famo , while modern at r toaly nw and more coplicated to nderstand because of their composition and their significance .
In my opinion the differece beteen installation arts an classical rs stands in the eling ta the c suscitate in e audence .
Dear Camp Direcor :
I would like to ork at the summer ap hi ar .
My nae is Melissa , I am 14 yers old ad I can spea English . I love sumer ams because ou lear so much in them an ha wonerul xperiencs to .
Lookig after hildren is one of my forite things to do n mny peole ell me I am oo at it .
I ae experience in looking after children .
I am alway willi to hel in anything . I can be ey reative en in comes to n things .
I took cookng classes last yr , so I ca ls work in te kithens .
I think it is ey important r cildren to hav fun in the summer ams .
In the oth hand , thy should lern something e in t summer camp .
Ad hey ned someon to help them nd uie them through it all .
Kindest egards , Mlissa
eel the wind !
Kitesurfing - this pot discline is getting me and more popuar not oy in ounries sh as Australia , urke or gypt , bt also in ther ones , just lik Poland or Gemay !
Everyon w ha ever stood on a rfboard and tried to catch the wind with a kte knows how wonrful it is .
A feeling of eing cmpetely free , a joy of moving on a surface of water tnding on a mll bar , an incredible ped - al of hse thngs c easily make you hpy .
he I tried kteurfing by myself for the first te , I ws a ltte bit scared . "
How ifficult it is ! " - ha was my vey rst thought ile seeing om surfers on the Baltic s in Polnd .
But beliv me - there 's nothig to worry abou !
epite the fct that it ems hrd , kitesurfig is one of the easiest atr sports !
If you just lern w to keep a control of your bod stnding on a surfboard and ow to seer a kte , tee 's nothin tha seems ha any mr .
My onl advice is : go to th seaside , in a nice mp f sufers ih a good instructor , an njoy your moments of feedom !
Dear al ,
It was great to ar from yu .
I 'm sor I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my life no .
Last month I helped at Adle 's cocert at the oyal Albert all .
It was a ram coe rue .
She 's my faourie singe .
lthoug I wa a cleaner , it was the et thing , tha recently happened to me .
Befr e concet I d to seep up te whole all .
During h coert I as responsil for supervision of srt - ut in toiletes .
It a n't my dreamy jo , bu it really rayed .
After te concrt I saw Adele and my find took a icture of me wth er !
Can you imgine that ?
She smiled to me !
I ih I could do it agai .
By the way , I t there your exgirlfriend ih er w boyfriend .
Of course , I to her , you 're ating Lis now .
Apart fo that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
I he , it wo n't be my last job at concert .
Ayway , I must go now .
I ca n't wait to her from you .
Tell me everything aut ou n girlfriend .
Write oo .
Lots of ove ,
Ala.
Thi past ya was special or me , I graduated om High chol and I ook a g - year .
It was a very onfsing but probably e bt year of my lfe and I will tell you why .
As I said earlier , I graduated fom gh Schoo hich was a ue rlief .
It w aweful .
h stdens wre mean n the tahers dd n't lke me at al .
So on the day the vaation stated I was t hpiest I 've ever been .
hs came te quesion of ht I was going to do next , but I s n't rea to mak tha desission back te so wit agrement of my pents I decided to ta a a - year .
Which was the best ting that ever happened to me .
I ws extremly nervous about a wee before my departre .
I s going to end the nxt 6 months in te Uited Sttes which actualy teriffied me .
As my eprture cme closer , I strted to question myel ore and me if this s a good ea and if I woud have a good ime all those things .
On the big day I st a that I kind of el numb , I did n't nw wat to thk and hat to fel .
The journ to the Uited States was surpisingly ood , I had se friends on t pan who were going to the same destination as me and I actual did n't miss my famy ht much .
T 6 moths I send thre we h es of my life , I s so hppy and enoyed ysef eer y .
I lso got to know myself betr and I have reache a descssion of wht I want to do nex yea , I am gong to study at th universiy .
I hope tha I wil eoy that as mu as I enjoyed is past year , it was truly aazing .
So if u are ever even cosidering h fact of taing a a - year , do n't dub , just do it .
It is amazng !
Wen I ot to the oor , I rlised suddenly tht something wa wrog . I anously turned and oked at the winow .
It was lightly pen .
I felt cold sat on my back .
I w sure tat I d n't left the indow open .
So who ha … ?
I s wonderin tha ayb it 's ust my imagination .
I had be taing at home r fie days , I was n't rely willing to see oher peope .
ybe I have gone mad ?
I stared blankly at the winow , unable to mo .
Evetualy , I slowly opened the door n came u of my roo .
I went to t kitchen d st on he chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
It suddenly brk aart , and ll the beads dropped on the lor .
In tat sinier sience , it seeme to be the odest sound on the wrl .
Al of udden , my phone rng .
It wa my best frid .
" Laura ?
Ar o okay ?
We hvn't talked r ages " , e si .
It s reasuring to hear a ailiar voce .
I ha been feeling so lonly for a lo time .
Bfoe I made it to ell somehing , I hard terrible scream and my fend js hung up .
I et col sweat again , jst lie fi minutes ago wn I 'd se open window .
After a little while , I heard a hoarse ice coming fm the rom with the pn wind . "
Lura ?
Coe ere .
We hvent't talked r age " .
It w my best friend 's voice .
We at Mhura Nagr , undertand the need of protecin the environment n hence r comitte to what we do .
We limit the number of houses n th umber of pele liing in the houses because mo people would mean we have to cear vast expanes of land for housing whch wuld mea a reuction in e umbr of trees ad a dathbow to e natra blance .
We as see that people adhere to he ors when they build new hoses and do n't encroach on any pblic lns .
We encourage people commuting to naby places to walk or s a bicycle deending on the distance ad those gig to th sme aas outde he town to oin ca pools .
We also ha a biogas plant in our outskirts th takes car of the rubbish and sewage n e owe generated is ue f stret - lights nd meeting the por eeds of the community ofice .
We dsribute jte bags nnually wt ou communiy log on it so th people cn use them inted of lastic bags .
Eah ea , we encorage schl - goin children to plant trees to teach them the imprtane of trees in safeguarding our vironment so tht tey can ro up to be esponsible tords the environment .
We encourae peple who come up th any inovative thughs bou ho we coud further prtect the envirnment .
Besides this , we often iit our neighbouring wns and educate em on the ssues of global warmig , e thrat to ecological balance c . , nd guide tem on how to roect our environment .
Dear MR . mith
I oud le to appy for the jo as a security guard o he Openai Frauenfeld as advetied in your Facebook - post fo h 18h of Juy .
My name is Mihae Frean an I 'm twenty - nn yer old .
I 've ben oring as a securty uar in a l of places arnd the wod .
I was in a position of a lade fr a atie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merk whe Françis Hollan aried in Brln .
I was a paramedic in irt plc but then I wanted to chnge sometng in my le n combined my hobb , which is going to e gy , nd bcam a eurity .
With these xpeiences I can safely scrt popl , whic are knocked ut or a bit l and ca n't stad th concert anymore , out of a concert d hl them .
I hae a degree in English a I can spk German and Spaish fluently .
I haven't got a family so I am independent and able to ok wereve I cn .
I el I hav e right experienc and atttude to be a great meber of the crew and I hope o will consde my application favorabl .
I oo forward to hearn from you .
our sincerely ,
Mchael Freeman
I ik alos ll ind of sports .
he only exception is volleyball - I jt ca n't pay it , I even do n't kw h .
But I love baseball a hadball - especialy the first one - every me when we a playng basketball at school durin Pysical Edcation , I 'm so hay about it ad I do my bet . I do n't ko how to expain why I love is ge so mch .
Mabe it 's because in basketball , o have to run a lot n you have to be reall fast , n my second favourite sort is running .
Anyway - if omone ake me f advi about basketball , I ould say : do n't giv up if you are n't t bst play on te wol . I 'm ao not .
And truly , w cares ?
If you ejoy ts pot , ju do it and nothing els matrs !
Being famous seems to be the best thin tat can happen to us .
ut no matter w fabulous it looks , it brings me consequences and even problems .
One of he biggest disadvantages of bei poulr is that they are on everybody 's lips .
Public loves to know everything about their dols an they always ty to find out some spicy etails .
Everyone deserves privacy , u pblic fiure shud be aware of the ct at the scity wants to know abt them as uc as it 's possible .
Whther ey like it or not , ey shld be pepare r photographers an journalists trying to chs them in every single mment of their lif .
It mght be hard , bt ey ned to be patint a t o to ce about the pple who iterfres with their personal being .
In my opinion , ournalists n paparazzi should n't tal celebrities on heir private holiy or try to get nto ther intimate life .
here re some brders tht should n't be crsed .
or examle , hn a pular film tar oes to spital because of is relative 's illness , reporters ad photographer in particular should sy ay and leve the celebrity lon .
ve though tey ar wll nwn , they ave a right to have a free time and hy should be albe to se it howevr ty wn to without anyne disturbing he .
It 's ally portant for people to know the bound between curiosity d nosines .
We should repect other 's ight to privay a let them live teir own liv .
Natu is oe of te ost important tee in the Romantic Age , snce it is a realit th inpire an writers , both ovelis and pts .
It as been an important subject especially for wrier from the ' ' first eneration '' lik Willia Wordsworth ; he sa natue as an inseparabl reality fro an , whereas it comfrt in sorow and teces to love n to ct in a moral wa .
In the Romnti Age we can in another iortant subject based on te concept of ture : t sublime .
It is associated with strong emotion cause natral spectacles , like huricnes , waerfalls or starry sy
The sblim inspird many writers likeW. rdworth d S. Coleridge , who d a concetio of it as he feeing brougt by e ve of ininite spaces , ie desert , s or ocean .
The de of the ublime that Wordswoth had is onsidere by mny as te standard idea of e Romantic sublime : orm of nature tat inspie feeling of awe , danger or wkness .
Als Coleridge d a concept of sublime , but for him it as associated with ininit spaes and the ens of pedition and sspens .
I am writng in order to ply fr the posion of summer camp assistant .
I am a 20 ya od girl ih an immense desr to get bu this summer .
I am very familiar with the aks an rules th need to be respeted in a summer cap , as I have been one in a previous summer cap withn St John Ambulance .
It a an aazing and ver instructive umme cmp and I mut s tat I am t proud onr of th captain camp assistant badge .
It was in my duty to ak sure everything was running smoothl , ccrding to h program a I h to supervise and irect the ther asistants if ny problems should ocu .
I am a ualified frs aider and I am able to undrtake n minor or major health prolems that miht rse .
I have been volunteerig for St ohn Amulnce for 6 yars nw a I can ay that it is a truly amazing and e opening experience .
ank you for king te ti to ed my application ad I am loking forwar to heing fm you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ms Magpe
The art of makin a god mpression .
An od saying go ' You never g a second chance to make a first impresio ' .
That 's always importn when you mee someone for te rst tme , u especially when yu com to a job interview .
He are some is to help o t a ositve first ipression .
Dress to impress
Yo should des appropriately for the ob that you wa to get .
Men should wear a sut d a tie , and men should ar an appropriate bouse ad sir or pants .
veryoe should hav clean hands and figernails .
u hould take no bgs or backpacks along when yu come to the interie .
Manes & Behavior
When you irs meet e intervieer , shke hi or r hand firmly .
hn you should thank the interviewer f the invitation .
Wtever happens , y shold smile and ep ol .
If you a asked bout yourse , yo hould n't tell our biography or somethig that hs been writt in your CV .
Istead of that you shou sow hat o hve experienc or specific education in te area .
Try to aod usig filler ors suc as " lik " , or " um " because the tell h interiewer tha you 're ervou .
Dos & D'ts
Do n't be le .
Do n't talk too muh or too quickly .
Nver use monosylabi answes .
Do n't hstate to ask uestions .
Switch of ou cellphone .
aintan eye contac .
elx a enjoy the ment .
Gog on a job interview can be a stressful experience or even t most jo eekrs bu if ou use these tp , th first impession of o ill be ositive .
Good luck !
Dear Sr or Madam ,
I am witig in response to th artie abou frienship ha was ublised in yur magazine .
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friedship that is highly important to me and furthermore evaluate e reasons wy is especially coplicatd to maintai long lasting friendships in any situation .
Fit of l , as far as special friendships a concerned , I must say that I am not a prsn w make friends eily , consequently I do n ha a large cile of fieds .
However , I an ortray a unique relationship that I he th a generu a warmerted person .
Although it is true that ths is not a long term fiendshp I can dit hat I have fond a true rend .
Thughout this friendship I hav ee given te suport , te affecion n t confidence to pursue my deams .
On the other hd , fiendship is a two way stet where u eceve n give bc th ame favors ad , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
I value thi friendship and is of great mportane to me because it is a balanced one of a kind relationship .
Secondly , I would ike to sy ht maintaining friendshis over time entails strenuus ffot .
A justification or this ma be th fact that ve th years peple change ad ow art .
o ti rasn not a chidhood fiends grow oldr as los confidant , simply because th re not the same pole as they er befre .
As you gradually grow up your wrld xpnds , yr personality changes nd so do yr acuaitances .
However , t naura process of aging is o the only chng we undergo but there are others uch as enrlling in scool , gettig u irst job or hangig e d one , travelling or moing to anoer city .
All this situations y impe us to stay in uch with ld friends bu on e other hand can give us the opportunity to make nw on .
To summarize , I would like to say that een thought we re incapable to remain on frendl terms with everyone we shuld kow that he rocess of ocializing is one of the factors what aes us humn nd we shoul lwys mbrace it .
ours faithfully ,
Allisn Green
Viña del Mar is a wonderful city on the wes cast of Central Chile and basts a umber of shopping facilities and differen sorts of attractions r torsts of all ags .
There are several sopping cetres in differe areas of he city .
he biggt an st o is h aina rauo Shppng Cent , loated on 15 Nre St. It has wo anchor deartent stoes , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at each end of the mll wich is w blocks ong .
There are four floors , ech of which cotans iferent departments of te anchor stores , and a numbr of sml shops wich sell a variety of products .
Ther is also a fod cut on te third oor , caring to all orts of customers , as well as a f restaruats on h fit a secod floors .
On he top floo hee is a multi - cima complex , ofeing everl ptins of th latst movies .
There are two underground foors or aring , which n get a bi crowded at peak seasons , but wic r very reasonably riced .
earby thr is also a large suprmarket and a oe stre which offers prodcts for buiding purposes , also connected to a hoppin gallery .
Anoher shopping opton is the main reeet in the centre of Viña el r , which usd to be more popular in the past , but which was displaed by the shoppin centrs .
Ths street runs frm h Viña Square towards the ea for about six or seven loks , nd has ny smal shops d businses which attract a o of people .
There is a parkng meter sytm , which is not vey heap , compared to th shopng mll parking , a it c be ifficul to find parking nearby .
Tre ar several supermarkets a tw achor shops at one end of t sreet , wic are onvenien shopping vens for people h ive in the ity entr .
There e ao other area in Viña del Mar were groups of shp ae oncentratd so as to offer facilities to residetial ara , so convenient for peope wh ive in t surroundings .
Al in all , I onsider tere is a wide variety of shopping opins in ou ome tw , so I eect touriss would no be isappointed th what the is to offer .
How my tw taes care of the environment :
Inroduction :
Ths eort has the im to show a discus t main ways to reduce the polluto and to ak care of h environment in Zaragoza .
Som information but hat eope do wh ter rubbish a how they try to keep the ae clean , is describd in e olowing lines .
What do people do with their rubbish ?
Altouh t majoty of t citzes in Zaragoza do n't iv a specl treatment to their rubis , there are se peopl o have recyce bins in their hoe .
Als , Zaragoza is provded wh a nmber of collection points , where rbbsh wit big densions ch as furniture a be collected d recycled .
How do he own try to keep the area clean :
here is a l whic sttes tha if someone rows rubbis such as ppers , igarette or cewing um to the tree , they may be unished with a ine which could increase up to $ 100 .
We also out on e followg services :
1 .
A te of professional cleaners responsible for keeping he street clean , schedld every fou hours n divided by ares .
2 .
A commercil ta responble for raise awareness of t critical situation the environment is suffering .
3 . More than 20 buses with the i to avid excessi CO2 mission .
Cnlusion :
Zragoza 's population is are of e mportance of kepng h town clean an so they 're willing to do plenty of ting to avoid he polluin d is environmental consequences .
er Summer amp Director ,
Hi , my ame is Ema I 'm 16 yer old and I believ that I would be prfect fr ths smmer job .
I 'm hve 2 litl brothers n I thk I 'm capable of taking cr of lttl a der kids .
I 've always liked to play with kifds nd make u activities with them .
My favorite activities woul be : painig , n makng up fun games .
Although I like playing with kds of ll ages , I think th I will have more hngs to do it the kid beween ages 8 - 10 , because I find myslf more opn wh kids betwe tos ages .
I can cook anyting , really , just give me he ingrediets n I 'll make you whatever you at .
As I said efore , I 'm really od with ittle is , I 've been a teacher once at a summer school .
As th sumr ca reqirs , I culd honestly elp with anythng :
-Looking after children ae 8 - 12 .
-Help organise spos an evening activitis .
-Wor in th kitchn .
It s 8:00 o'clock in he morning that Saturday in L.A. , ad suddenly an urgent mssage appeared in the TV news d in all t radio chnels .
Ty announced that the g O earthuake would ccr that fternoo at 7:00 PM proximately , so hy aleted that peol had to eave th city or go to av places in h few hou .
From that moment , hre was anic and chaos all ver the city .
Peter 's fath was the mayor of o ngeles , so he hd to al down d inorm e peole regularly .
Per decided to help his fater with hs wok nd the rblems that were happening , hile s mother ws doing te luggage and prearing t car to leave .
Peter a his father were er busy solving problems of neghbours and it took em soe hours .
They finished he work when it was 6:30 , so thy a to leve he city quikly or tey would e .
Finally , whn they re in e car , Peter turned round a he sa a ltte b in e road calig fr hep .
Pte lked at is watch and knew that he had to do something imeiately .
I ha rall enjyd SWAN 205 , d I old definitely partcipat in it again .
Naal Ji has suported me troughot the prepartin of ths program .
As someone who as't sug classical before a hs no background in Hindi nging , I fod it very confrontng to ig at a concert ate only fr mont of training .
However Narwal Ji has taught me rm h basics of Indian singing , to being omeone al to sn on stage in fron of a arge udience .
He had gien me a great opportuniy to gr as a beginner siner to sing urng a concert and his guidance as a teacher is somthing that I wil alwys appreciate .
He has iven me a large aoun of motivtion , hih le me to come l the way from Cnberr to Melbourne to prfrm in is concert .
h iht d been a rwardng experience and boste my confidence a greatl .
In addition to this , the nht was beautifully organised ad each performance w rofessionally executed .
An original i of cultures were represented conistently .
verall th ntire nht ws shown nicely an w entetaning fo everyone watching .
Thre was no tie lef to be boed !
Der ir ,
Firs I wuld ie to thank you for your interest in our itle ton , and we wl guarantee you a very rm elcome on the day of our arrival .
We will take grt pleasur in hlpin te sudents to gt aoud and eel at home in their accmodation .
You requested us to orgnise a vii to a place or building that mrrors one spct of our lie hre .
We hv brainsormed about my posibly interestng locations , and we evenally decided to prepare a lttl our at and around the Grand Place of Bussels .
Away fro busy and ois roads , the beautiful old inner it reflect wa Brusels really s fo centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houess and hops in ight clous an old - fashioned rfs .
In our opinion , he area round e Grand Place is h mot beautiful pa of he centre of Brussels d what rally attracts so many visitors worldwide each year .
We woud gladly share ou excitemnt about e rad Plae with you students so that te ca immediately et aquaintd with it as a very njoyale place to go to .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and again , I hnk ou f your time ad iteest .
Sincrly ,
Hi Mak ,
as y lreay kw , I 'm from a little town , Kęrzyn .
Most of the ye I ie in Poznań , beaus of my studies at t University , bu ery smer I go back ho to spend some time wi my amil and friends .
Last summer I decided to do somethi ore than just relax ad have n , so I sartd to lo for an interesing smmr jo .
ik I previously said , Kętrn is a raer sma ow , so there is oly o old moie theatre and it 's cosed for mot th tie .
It opens onl in a tie of smmer , mainly or turist .
Because of that , tere r no regular emplyee , at e beginning of ery smmer new sasn stff is hired .
So I decided to gve it a try and I appie r that job .
It was e best sumer ever .
Y know o much I loe watchin ovis , espeally in smal and cosy moi thatrs .
It wa like orkig in a pradise .
My dtie er pett impl .
Selling tickets , scks and drinks , claning th place after and beore t shows , so work itself w n't he exciting par .
Te min rean w I lved to work there an every day I went to work with a big mle on my ce were the possiilities to atc every ow I want .
There is nly one audtorum so I a busy jst between the shw and soeimes , f family ows , here was a 15 minues break in the middle of the show , for t kids to se the toilet or b more snacks and drinks .
I wached almot every own movie , some of em for more thn once .
When my work tere cam to an en , I was happy , bt on the the han , I el se kind of sadness too .
I mean , it was Septemr , so I had a e woe moh of vacation ahea of me to do whaever I wanted to nd it was awesome becaue I cold fnaly just relax , see , ed bos and spend a l of time with my loved ones .
On e otr had , I was sad to leave at job .
This place elly stole my heart and I miss its atmosphr , regul visitors and people I woed wit .
I 'm planing to wk there o the ex summe too .
As you n see , my umer a great .
How aout yous ?
I remmber you were saying smeting aou planig to go to Idi .
How was h trip ?
I bet it is an interesting story .
I look rward to hearing ro you ,
Maciej
Dte : 27 Sep 14
Dear Ms Leung ,
Re : Application for Primay 1
Thanks fr granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan the frst intervie held on 27 Sepeber 04 .
We do hope that se can be granted a ecnd inrview as we are very appreciated with your shool vision , upholding he spirit of ait , Hope a Lov to nurture students .
As evidenced by the school visit toured by a pite , cherful and cofident P2 sdent under th Ang Scheme , we oin your schol vison ha ben managed to a lrg extent .
Furthr , is has exteded to h secondar scho .
O elde daugher , Tsz n who is curentl in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational Collge Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , reatly enos e cool life and at t same me achieved go resul in the past tee yars .
he highly recommends our hool to Tsz Hun a us .
A s has written a letter to ou skin or grntin s Huan an oportunity to grw up in the family of St Paul 's .
It goes wthot saying , we would lie to rvide the et we c for h develoment of or childe - Tsz Yin n s Huan .
To sha n learn cld - rearing tips ih other parns , my wife jons e PCC monhy book ub .
To enhance our parent - chd rltionship an facilities or understding of her school and social ife , we particpate in kndergarten 's volunteer group .
In addition , we ped at least 3 hours together with Tsz Huan every a - readig , talking , painting an paying games .
We eguarly go to ars , libries , museums , vsit te contrside tgether , n occasionlly go on famiy holidays overseas .
Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerful an curios girl .
Sh enjoys eading , prforming arts ncluing painting , dancing , musc n ports , swiming in paricular .
e echers complimented her as eing focused , creative an eager to earn .
As paren of T Hun , we e keen to work wth t scol and be at of hei develomen .
z Yin ry much cherishes her exerience at St. Paul 's and we incerely ho that s Huan can ve th opprtunity to bnefit from h quality education ou school provide .
Thnk you f our kind consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
T line gra lustrates h aout and typ of fs fod eate by teenags in Astraia etwen 1795 and 2000 .
As an verall rend , it is clr that consumption of fsh and chips deceased over h period whie e mout of pizza nd hamburgers eaten increased during e sam perod .
In 1975 h conumpion of fih and chips a ten times higher an he conumtion of the other to types of fast fod .
Howver , e quaniy of ish and his lates eaten per year declined fom 10 times per year in 1975 to just ove 80 times in 1980 .
Then , her was a slight increase to aout 95 ties per ya in 1985 .
fter that , this ten kep falling and reached the lowest point in 200 ( jus und 40 times that ya ) .
In contrast , t consumption of habrgers and pizzas strted at abou 10 times fo hburgers and 5 times f pzzas in 197 , an the rose contantly until it reached approximately 10 times d 85 ies resetively in 1995 .
It thn levelled of during th next 5 years .
Th prpos of this literature reiew is to poide h clear picture bout motivation and busnes staegy of entrepreeurs in her start - u .
T lteraure reew conains three main prts .
Firstly , te reiew of literaur wll define the rd " entrepreneurship " in business contxt .
Followin tha , the nx section il examine the entrepeneur 's motivations , which contains 2 major aspects : ntrnsic personality traits d extrinsic factors .
Thrly , t current opportunities and challenges of Vietnamese od market will be reviewed , comng togther with the literature of Vietnamse entrepeneur ' motivation .
Finally , he probles facig and busies strategy will be inroduced and xplored .
The cnceptual framework wl cocude he iteature rviw n pn up te subjects ich th thess will explore .
Fo the work at the Green Pepper Cafe .
Hllo , Mrs Asb . I wt to ok in your afe .
I think the job would be perfect for me .
My ee time ol allows me to wrk at weekends , hic is w yur place is erfect for me , n I also ove he food tee ad peole ae alway nie .
The place is vey nr here I li , n I 've worked in a ot of Cafes befe , unfortunately I a to lee the for shool an college .
I know how to deal with people , I 'm very sociable and wul t my be to be the nict eson ali .
Work in the Cfe ll also allw me to met peple fro te neihborhood , which is ery iportant for me iht now , inc I just mvd in .
Sometms I do n't hav tme r myself to hav un , and for what I can see fom your plce , it is ver pouar an fu of fu people .
I a show all my rcommedation letters from my previous jos , u I 'll sy right nw tht they all say go things about me .
I do n't want to look ik a jerk , ha 's not it .
I ealy work hard .
I take my ob serously and ty my best to nevr t my bosses dwn .
I ry to neve l my ersoal roblem interfre in my professional ife , an if it does some dy , I would ask you to el me , so I n change .
I tink yo will like me .
I 'm very eclectic , u as fierce her I should be .
I ways ave respet fo my bosses nd , of course , ciets .
I really want this .
It would mean so much to me .
I 'm totally ee at weekends , so I can work long hours , plus I live vey ear d could hl in some emergency if you nee somdy .
I il never mis a dy , unless it is vey important , you n be sure of hat .
I my not know how to cook he usual food from h ca , but I am a fast leaner . I ll only ed on a to t used to th food and learn w to practse at hme , d te it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .
I 'll tke my time to prctse verythin I c at hoe .
I wo n't be uh problem for nyone .
I ould a tt I am a fnn prsn , but tat old be a lie .
I 'm not .
My fthe said e dy that , as a huorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't ven sin .
I 'll be nice , though .
I 'll ke tem love me .
I hpe you can give me a hance to show how much I want ti job .
ors , Geée .
et in in e at 1950s ranc , Chocolt deals with te topic of society iscriminatin aainst different eople because of ter being different : weher he r gysies , women that do n't deped on men , or eople hat do n't sae te Chistian faith .
The po reolves around Vianne Rocr , a single mother a cocolate eert , opening a ' choolaterie ' right before Lent in a mall , close - nded French village , the mayor of wch decides to boyot her .
Dung Lent , th protagonist ges to know other outcsts ( mainly wom ) and elp thm .
However , Vianne must ler to solve e on probles d hange th curse of her own life .
One of t stengths of t film is its star - tudded cst : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the ayor , udi Denh as a rmpy , elder oman resented ith the oppressin society of te village , and a yong Jnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arrivng in town with his caraan .
Each and very one of te roe is beauiully writtn an the actors do n't fail in bringing the to life .
Besides th cast , I would le to highiht the origil soundtrack .
It adapts erfectly to th theme of he movie , with a ittl bit of jz manouce , a popular gnre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminscenes of Mexican folklore , as he recis Viane Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a herage from her Mya ancestors .
If I had to find a dwn side to Chocolat , it uld be tt h film fort oes not allw us to hv a deee look into some of the chracters and teir storylines .
Had it ot en written in h ear 2000 , but today , I am sure that this stor woul hae ben turned into a successful TV series in which we could ave lernt more about th past and h fure of thse fantastic characters .
l in all , th is a gripping , moing , nd entertaining fil tht wl make y reflect on some soia issues .
A must - e if , like me , yo eno cema wit strn feale characters on the ld roles , bt you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
Michel Ciffor was a uky m wh had everything he uld eve want : he ws a thirty - yar - old Englsh businssman rried to a sophisticated mathematician wi whom he d wo sons d a rety tented daughter ; he oned a sucessful corporation nd d a gorgeous chalet ea te sea .
n night , havin nded a meetin with an important sponsor , chael deide to enter a ub with one of is colleagues in order to ceebrate he successful meting .
He hardly ever runk alhol , but thought it would be impote not to , as he had been invited by s colleague .
herfore , he proceeded to have some drinks and to ejoy h night .
Lae that night , whle icael as cheerfu chatting wi the barman , is mobie phone emitted a sound .
He took a lk at it and sa a message rm his wf .
Worried , he ened it d ed , in hrro , how s wife h had an accident and was in hospital .
He rushed out of e ub , on the r and went inside , o knowing th he ws to die in an accidet because of i curnt state .
Michael cloed th doo an knew at that moment he h ad a mistake .
Traelling has become a gat par of our daily lives , wheher we nl go to the nearby ocery store or choose to vsit u reltives wo live in another counry .
Modrn ean of transort e constantly impovin , being faster and oe comfortabe thn vr efre .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between puic and persnal ranspot , because he av bh adantages and disadvantages dpening on whee we want to travel .
On the ne hand , personl cas a great ecause thy allow people to travel whneve hy wn .
Tis eans thy are ale to have a flexible schedul .
Another advantge of cas is the fact that they ar family friendly , meaning tht people who use them do n't have to wor about trvlling ith strages who igt be dangrous .
On t the hd , cars are not only eensive to purchae , they also equie fuel , which is vry expensive .
Someimes it is eaper to use public transport such as busses , trains or airplanes , depndin on te distance .
Travelling across he Atlatc Ocean f example requirs an airlae or a hip .
Trains are a grea wa of transprt across intercotinental distanes , epecialy ice ey have become ster .
Statistially speaking , c accidets a much oe frequent than plane crash or train accidents , so public transport is not only cheper sotimes , but it 's al safer and faste .
ll in all , I believe that public transport ll no disappear o soon .
Arlanes , busses , trains or ships e here to sa because they ar mor practicl in some stuations .
Peter looked at his watc a knew that he ad to do omehing immediately .
Ti s tckig by ad he kne th if he d n't do it nw he would be in deep truble , that his social life would be over .
" Tick " .
He eiously needed a brea , a e mints to rel .
" Tock " .
He was gettig more and more nervous as t time passd by .
" Tick " .
Time was n't passing fst enog fo Peter .
" To " .
He knew he as n't ging to ake it .
" Ring ! " he bell rng .
Peter flew frm the classroom nd ried to squeeze hiself eween the multiple stdents that wer vacuating their asses .
l of them anxious to e outsde and rela for a few hours Suffering fr an endless punihment : knowledge .
As he gt near his destinain the density of students seemed to gow d it a becoming een mo dficult r hi to advae in that se of moing bies .
Fortunatley ,
h bathroom w just a fe mees awa .
Poland is cassed as a country wh a har histo ad a lo of places remind about it .
Besides their past we can , fortunately ador their eaty .
One of these plces is , undoubtdly , Kazimier , h Old Jewis ditrict of Cracow .
In this small pt of racow , you can meet it Jewish cutre and the architectural style .
Fir , you should visit the New Cemetery .
It was established in 1800 .
Fr those who ter it wll be an ' uforgettabe ' experience .
You walk among ancient , falln tombs shaded by ig tres of geat age .
hn , you really must visit h synaggues : e Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Ta Syaggue an Remuh Synaggue .
The ynagogue is still being sd as a plae of prayer for h few remainin Jewish people in Cracow or o visitors from Israel or other parts of the wod .
For th history oers , I reommend going to h Historical Mseu of The Hisory and ultre of Jwsh People .
It is th olst synaoge in Poland ad was constructed in th XV century .
Inside there is an impressive nber of handicrafts , graphics an paitings .
Finay , you a do shopping on T Nw uare , a roun tadng hal .
You can buy the almost everything : fresh fruits , vegetabes , and househld proucts .
On Sundays , t gamut of rodcts is much oe bigger .
If y r a good browser you may find ome original soueirs of Crac to take ome it y .
I thik e Kazimierz is one of the ot beautiful plae in Pand .
It 's appeali an full of is eeri spirit of the pas .
Tt 's wh u must see it !
Parents face with important decisions we raising children , not the least of whic is wheter or not they should allow their children to keep a e .
Som parents uld grasp in horror and reject it whn ther chld asks them if he a kep a p ith him , whereas ote prens wld be more than happy to e their chilren hae a pet .
In my view , I believe that children houd have pe bcause th an enefit from tking re of pets , especally in ter of heir personality development .
Specifically , the len to ta responsiblty hen taking cr of ets .
Tk my cat , ka , fo example , I ound it on the sreet and lt lie keeping it wit me when I was 12 years old .
My mother told me hat ou woul hae to ake cr of it by youself when I wnt to a her if I oul kep e c .
Since that day , I stated to take cae of on my o .
I tok it to th ospial when it w sck , d boug it food when it neded to be fe .
I have herefre fstered a sense of responsiblity since then .
So , accoding to my prsona experiences , I ink tha children can enefit from keepng a p .
oe people might argue that it is always pares o ke car of h pt mos of te time , instead of children themselves .
Nmey , arnts always do things for childen , sch as housework , homwork , eve taking ca of the pe for heir chdren .
Nevertheless , what hoe pople have claimed is a digression rom he topic here .
Th ds o suggest that chlren cn t lar from having a p with the .
Why children can nt lean is because of teir arents , ot becaus of t ets .
In oth words , takin care of ps is absolutely beneficial to cildren so lo as they e gven an opportunity .
Moreover , children cn also earn to sympathize it thrs by keping a pet , apar ro eanig to be reponsible .
r instne , when Luka die we I was 20 ars old , I a so a and heart - broken as if one memer a lost in or family .
After tht y , I started to be ale to sympathize wit people wh ave lost their beloved ne because I hav een through a similar situation .
hs , keeping pes des enae peol to be abe to u themselves in othes ' shes .
Given pon my personal experenes , by takig cr pets , children o ly n larn to take rsponsiblity , bu also an arn to sypathize with others .
In other words , keeping pets is eeficial to childrn in trms of tei personality devopment .
On the other hand , if chldren are not llowed to kee a pet , h parents wll have to coe up it the ay to ke the cidren both reponsible a sypthetic .
We always believe that a city should ner compromise the envirnmen fr the sak of develpment .
o only financial developent but also the envirnmet is essential to a halhy city .
With his belief , we endevo to kep our city as clea d attrtive as osible .
Here , we r proud to report ur accomplishments tus r .
We stk to t pricple of 3Rs , namely reduce , reuse and recycle .
educing wst at surce is always o tp priorit d education is of umst importan in this regad .
Nothing is more difficult than changi ne 's minset given people 's inertia .
Hnce , we hae incorporated the concept of environmental protecto nto r crriculum so that students can develop an awarenss of t matter at a young age .
Different actvities , inclding emiars and exhibitons ha been he in different districts to spread te meage of environmenal conservation cros e community .
Recycling bins hae been installed in every pubic houng estate and most hosing esates , ong with h rad - side ns ond in evey distict .
Publc Housing Estate Reccle ompettions have ao been held every year to prote te concet of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residents cultiate such a hit in daily ife .
We e glad that our wk s staed to bar fruits in recent years .
We ha sen a grat drop in te number of solid was .
Aprt from keepg our city clean by reducing waste , we alo dediate ourselves to building a green city .
Tree panting campag is carried out every year in cooeration wt schools , community centres , etc .
Eco - tour is also promoted to eucte the pulic d oursts to ppreciate the beauty of nare d , above l , to arous thi awareness d cultivate a caring hert towards nature .
Wit oncrted effot , we have made a gret stie in envirnmental prtectio in recent ers as se in t declinig nube of aste and increasig number of greenry .
We elive we will cotiue to ake proess and ake or home a etter place to lv in .
The rund tabl ' Rusia - Turkey : prospects of relaion at the modern tge ' in St Petersurg State Unversit
On April 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg tate University hoted e round tab " Russia - Turkey : prospects of elatins at the mdern stage " .
The eet w hl on the initiative of the Rsian - Turish Cutual etre in St. Petersburg .
Th qutions discussed at t round tabl : " oscw - Ankara : a new foreign plicy and a new diplomacy " , " Eneg cooperation as the ore of te strateic partnership of Russia a Turke in th XI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Trkey - historical ad cltura experience of elationshis .
Prospects or the future " , " Crimea between Rusia , Ukrain and Trey .
Historical n political analysis " , " Internl plicy of Turkey and t ipact on Russian - Turkis relatons " nd oer aspects of plitial , economic n ultral cooperation between our countries .
The international rnd tale wa devoted to h study of Russian - Turkish rlations .
Among those who delivred a spec at the opnin we I.N. ovikoa , the Dean of the SPSU School of Inenational Relations and Proesor ; V.S Yagja , t Hea of e Department of World Poltcs of t SPSU School of International elatios , octor of History and rofessr ; A.A. otnchenko , Associate Proessor of the Department of Theory d History of International Reltions of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir Güa , Hitoria and Associate Proessor of Istanbul University , the Director of th urasian Institute ; Ali Ertuğrul Turkeli , he General Scretary of he Turkish - Rusin Culural Foundation in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Pofssor of the Techical niversiy of e Mile East in Ankara , spoke about the Turkish perception of th Russian Diaspora and he Taars in te Crimea .
Bkr Günay , t Drector of t Eurasian nstitute , Associate Pressor , ol abot a new understandng of Eurasianism .
He so broched a subject of th Euasan Community development , oing that it 's vry important if it 's developin to he equality or dominance .
A.A. Sergni , Profesr of the Deartment of hory and istory of Iternatonal Reltins of th SPSU School of Intenatonal elation , Dcor of Plitcal Since , gae a speech on h Eastern Patership of the uropan Uion .
Some ssues of regional coopertion between Russ d Trey were dscssed by Iin Svistunoa , th Candidate of Histocal Sciences and senio rsearche of the Russin Institte for Srategic Sudies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Stnicheno , Associate Professor of the Department of hery and istory of International Relations of the SU Schol of Internatinal Relations , analyzed Turke 's policy regardng the accession of the Crimea to Ruia .
Ger Iav , Cndidate of istoical Siences , te Diector of the Institte of ssian tudie at e Trkish - Russan Cultural ounation in Isanbul spoe about e cutural relations between r countries .
In particular , he applied the teory of Joeph Nye Jr. 's " soft por " to the relations of Rusi d Turkey .
thr participants of the urkish - Russian round tabl also talkd on urrnt issue of the history and curret reations between e two Euraian countries .
The particpats anwerd my questions d heard ut comments from the audience .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professo of e Department of hery and History of International Rlations of the SS hool of International Relations dew attntion to te probe of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish epublic of orthern Cypru in connecion with he retrn of h Crme to Russia .
He also rferred to the recent action of the Trkish authorities on sudden introdution of ne eqirements to e exiratio of foreign pasports .
ust before the bginnng of mass toris season in urkey , it wa announced at th pssport should be valid at least ur months fom the date of nty .
Frtunately , Turkey postponed t law comg it force .
Te round table in St. Petersburg State University has attracted quite a large audience .
During e break h pricipants enjed tradtional Turkish sweets .
People oten forget w imorant it is to he sae t environment on a day - to - y bsis , yet I believe it is not nly t frt step , but the mos impotnt to pblic awareness .
Living in a big city I can cyc to work every day , which I bliev is a great way to eercis ad redce my enviromentl footprint .
Besies , cycing aong a anal allows me to itnss flowers and tree blossoming ad fowls ' chicks growing up , remindig me of te beauty of nature .
However I believe hat it is at hm that I contribute mt to avig natural resurces ; we are , obviously , ver careful wh tring of e taps as we wash our ands , brsh o teh and so on , nd we recycle as much as pssble .
Ye , our most rewardn action has been sating a compst .
We feed worm ou food ad organic waste , which has drasically decreased it .
Mreover , we now use e copst for ur garde path n cacti .
Another god poit : we have converted our net or neighbour !
Comosting has made us more aware of o waste and the aount of packang in the tem we b .
I 'd definitly recommend it to evryon , wether they live in a flat or in a house it a garden .
Shopin is not aways enoyable .
We iv in te mass consumption cenury , whe it requires more ad more tim of ou dai rounes .
F som ti ctiviy is a torture , for others it is the most leaurable wy of spnding free time .
B have you ver gone to e sho us or ilk and bread a came bc wit a full b of goos u no rad ?
First of all , hoppin is unavoidable as it is necesry to so or foo .
It deeds on a prso h fen he goe to grocey , probbly acording to indvidual eds .
Mst of cnsumes do not count time sen in od tres , as hy hav teir ow habits a their atiudes toars soping .
Sme people chooe bgger supermarkets as they ffr greatr ariety of goods , ut require more time , while others just pop ito th losst store and do thr shop eely .
If ou ha a alredy made shping it , it saves yo ime ad energy , so at yo do not need to wander betwen rows in grocery store .
When it comes to partie it is en more tm consumng d irsom , than e ordinary on .
Mreove , the mo anoying is he last stage of buyin goods - waiting in queues in oer to pay .
h ueu you r standing in sem to be always the lonet .
Secndy , shopping in suermarkets is exremey rriating befoe annl celebrations , or durg seasonal sle .
Hundre gather there , parking aces a ful , again faci longest queue in stos - ow uch unplasant is souds , it is th realiy of nowadays .
People become azy , nervous or dull hile shopping .
Afterwards some get into their cars d ge stck in trfic jams on t y hm , it causes more tenion d disimproves mood !
lso , sm peope end huge sums of money on thins tht re not esntial , they are atracted by commercials , advertisements , ale assistant recommendatns , so ty do ot follow thei budgts by buying everything , as they are excied by t shopping process islf , it cuss regrets and financal problems aftewards .
Finally , it may be very fatigue , as y may waste th precious ie just by walking around b not findng t hig are ineresed in and need .
Then u feel red an epresed abut e iea of keep looking for it in another place .
On th other nd , e majority fel zy and thy go shoppg us for special ocasons , ithout any rush , they dedicate time in seach of fashionable clothes , best ualit garmets , stylish items .
It comes as no surpris tt women ov hopping .
Althouh , shoing ay be entertaining , it is still a time consuming nd tiresome job .
Being busy and snding ie looking for cthes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare roducts especial fr women may be a perect y of spending even all day .
On the her hand , searchig for you favourite rads , non - sesonal products , some pcial gds , js oking through shele , ryin the garmets on o , asing for consultations , testing proucts , there is pleny of work to do to mae a erfect purase .
This may be th reason wy some go for rad and milk and forget aou it , aft entering a colorful and attractive store .
All in all , I strogly eliee at shoping is no enjoyable by th vast majority .
Fortuately , hs unnavoidale par of ou ives is nt that problematical anymor , as we may experienc th pleasures of online shopping wthot eaing hme .
It is a perect alternative to save te , money n energy fo tose wo are not ht willing to t the al .
e lettr that changed my lfe
It all began with my older sister Jennfe , as everything ue to begin with her .
h awys wntd to be in the spotlight , in whh sh had alay scceeded , ince everyone adord h .
Quite unerstandabe , becase Jennifer ha the st beatifl , big blue eye as well as hck bloe hai , a magnificent smile and an outstanding sape .
Until we received tha remarkable letter , I had always be in he shdow .
Anyay , ust before h ltte arrivd , we were sitting in the ling rom .
I was doing hework , while Jennier ws pong f the miror . "
Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in this dess ! , " she shoted . "
Do n't ou ink I houl er this uring th premire ? "
She was epectng a leter of the oca ram cl , in which ey woud reveal t chaacter list of their new play .
Jennifer had auditioned , and he was 100% sure that se wold become the main wmn .
I hd so uditined , only because my bes friends pushed me very ad , and I wa 100% sure that I would n't even et a small rol in the pla .
Ten , sudnly , we head something falling on the doomat . "
Oh my o , oh my d , tat must be the lter of the drama lu ! " , Jnnife sceamed .
he immediately ran to h doomt , ran back to the ivng room n showd me he evelope in her has .
I looked up as he pened th envelope .
Jnnife started to re the ltte aloud , very excie - at first .
" Dear Jennifer ad Cly Brown , We are deligte to inform you ha Cly is choe to beco th main man of ur nw lay .
Wl done , arly !
We oud yor audition amazing .
Unfortunately , your audition was reay bad , ennifer , so we could not giv you a role in r ay .
in regrd , Te Cornish Drama Club . "
I could n't believe my ers ! I , Carly Brow , th insipid nd fr less interesting ister of the eat Jennifr Jones , th most beautiful gir in town , was hsen to become the main wma in a big pa !
I , and not my sister !
She as n't eve given a smll role in h play .
Fro th moment on , I haven't ben in Jennifer 's sadow anymore - she was in my shadow .
The industrial revolution tok place in Engla fo t ed of 18h century to the middle of the 19h a it cometely transformed tis place .
nglis econm hnged fo an agriculure n to an industrial one : in England there as an ncreas in pollution a as terrible hygienic conditions , t andscpe changed a lot d al houses , shops and peoe .
These strong chges inlunced very muc the poetry an we can ee ta for xample in Blke , because in " Th yge " he uses a lot of colors rferred to the industrial life ( red , oange , sver .. ) and he describes e Tyger 's creat as an artisa that cret it on a furnace .
Instead t meican and French evolutions are iportant because ty intduced the idea of freedom , fraternity d equait , so also the cocets influenced trongly the pety of the period .
We cn s h conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to te Ws Wind " , wre th in is wild d it is the ry symbol of freedom ; instead , in t " Rime of th Ancint Mariner " , we an ee the brotherhood of mariners in the sp an of aty guests ad also e equality of all the d 's creatues .
T iea of brothhood is present alo in " I Wandred Lonely as a Clo " by Wodsworth becaus he ees nature , daffodls in hi case , as a friend to e .
Durig recent thirteen years , the cost of iing s been significantly increasing in mst counres .
hs change aes most peole have to work very d even using eir privte time , so they need to find out the best way to save teir ti a fill their energy after wr .
Fast oo is oe of ways to sov ta problem .
his essay will examine some advantaes an disadvantages of eatg fast oo .
There are huge positive effcts of atig as foo .
ist of l is cnvenence .
eopl who have just done thir work are vry hgry ; they an t go to home and ck their diet eals by thmselve ut their bodies eed to be provided ener in rder to sustain their lives and coinue their jobs , so nk food is considre the st y to sole the hunger .
To make it clear , te bosses , wo are always busy in thir busines , usully eat at food , they go to KF or ottie Mart to buy them they ve might t fast food by pone ecause of fat delivery .
In aditon , Junk food is er sy to be found out .
The ar numerous stores an restaurants whih have junk food built eveywhere .
Therfre , finding a go place to bu and enjoy a el th fast fo is not so iffcult ad it wll not take time or people to go ba their wor on time .
On e other hnd , eating fas food fequently my lead to om negtie effct on customer 's healt .
Firstl , fast od is unhealth .
Jnk fod contains arge nhalthy hemicals such as hgh percentag of f and cholesterol whic re the most reasons leading customers to obesity n cancers .
Accoding to scintiss they said that people who sualy at plenty of junk food will he mr than 50% of rsk to get obe a even e son .
Furthermore , most of nk fo just solves hunger in a ort time ad the it will quicy return to the customers after he hv felt full .
Finlly is the loss of taitional meals .
Peol prefer buying n ting fa food to making a heath meal .
As the consequence , ey gradually frget how to ook a impl el n t diversity of halthy fd is slightly ne .
In cocusion , her e a lo of advantage a disadvantages of fst food .
Some advantaes are tat fas food can el to save time and deal wi te temporry hunger r white - collar - wrker , t it can al harm their halh .
The customer should be creful before ty choose fast food to be a art of thei daiy di .
Facebook is the most popula socal networking site of all te .
Within 6 ers , Facebook has ached me than 1 billion ers and till growing rapidly .
I would n't conside yself agaist it , although I am awre of the risks .
First of ll , I think Facebook , f example , is a great wa o shy people to socialize , because it can boost thir self - stee , cnsidering the ft that they do n't hae to meet anyone face - to - face .
It 's lso great if we want to manage r friendships , or create new oe .
As a shy prsn , I can confirm e difference tween ra life and virtual ieracion .
Socal etworing site alo benet thoe w av " unusual " obbies or tose w have a had time fnding peole with simar inerests .
r eample , if ou wn to find someone who likes the am movie genders or eris on scia mia , all o have to do is te in an itrest .
On the ther hand , we are also exposed to mny risks , such as cyberbullyng or onne predaors .
hle it can seem harmless , cyberbullying ases my problms amon teenagers , such as depressio , suicida thoughts or evn wrs .
Spending o mch time on e internet also has harful effts on or fmily lives , becae we tend to forget how important it is to spend im it thos w love us .
To conclue , althuh socia meda seems flwles , we should aways be reful and responsible before we sign up .
Dear Cam Diretor ,
I s t advertisement for a jo to work hi summer camp .
I really thouh I would be the riht person or ths .
I have alway wanted to be part of something lke is .
I am realy hrdworkig nd love kid , I usd to babysit for my neighour 's is , so loong after ds will be easy for me .
I am lso very cerful a energeic , and am very od at ornising fun activties .
Woring in h kitcen oes not see so ba either , becae I know th everythig depnds on ou attitude and if I ve a positive ttitud I 'll ve a good tie no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dhes .
I oe you tin I 'm the right person o hs , I think tis would be a great eperienc for me as well as r he kids .
eopl nd Change "
This is cerinly true n coresponds wi my eperience .
Sme people do manage to ty in the sm place al her lives ad eve work or h sa company , whle others a much or obile in ers of hir jbs and home .
I fe tat this can be attributed in the first instance to the changing natu of modrn soieties .
In the past , it was h norm for ople to liv in a limitd geographical area all their livs and be invoved in the same type of occupation all teir working lives .
There a simly no alternative to his , especially if ou ived in an agricultural society .
Howevr , with th ise of inutry and specalized comnies , it beme possible for workrs to move jobs , oten to laces far aay .
Followng on from ts , as a society 's ealth incresd , people had sills and training to low tem to be mch more selecti about wch employe they want to work for an choices about h a when they wanted to chage he ype of jb they ishd to do .
We a , thereoe , in a situation in many countries tod where to be ihly mbil is something
that pple ak fo granted ad rard as perfectly normal .
Wit t opportuity fo ange coms choice , although circumstnces , economc and personal , ca often for pple to do what the might not normlly coose .
Therefore , it hppes tat som eole nt chnge in their lives but ar not able to effect it .
Th migt be becuse te have tron obligations to fily , ght ne to lok after someoe or might simply not have marketable skills to fnd a livelihood somewhere ele .
There are ther , of course , who are qut hap to ve d or in the same lace all their lis becaus hey do not think moving wou ehnce thir lives .
Some r happy to stay put because they would fd it very stressful to endur cange .
It is perhas the jority nowadays who fnd chne refreshing because of the new opprunities it hlds t and the possibiiies of gettig on professionally and soially .
For myself , I vey muc belg to this grop .
vn though he ba w ready to go essic a afrai for it to break in ieces again , she almost col foresee tha forthcoming heavy rain destroyin er oat , so she a an da .
She ted he boat with long and very strg extils me ou of synthetic ibers that e fond on he plae ; s als se ails to oin some e an mo resistant woo into the boat .
h was ead to lave but sothing iside r wa ellng her to stay , the oat s vy resistant but not eogh to tavel o days ad mayb wees acrs the ocean , she was afraid .
Meanwhile Jacob is copletel in lov wih hat gr he mt weeks before , h name wa Scarlett , e ai that her ad ws in the iliary and was orkng on a high - th portable deve that wl chnge gravity in w leels and in a srt prid of ime , lie a factin of a secd , ut it w lter suended because their ss tld tem it was ry dangerous to experimet on and it was going to be very expnsve , bt as er a contued it t experiment s bss got so ma he cked them rm te city ito ta mysterio isln .
Se lso explained that ey did n't know how te ajrity of pepe on the island got here , thereby ot all of them poe the sam anguage , but hey learned how to commuicate with signs .
hy had a lot of tins in commn , thy liked he same in of sic , t same kind of foo an ty oth lie to read aut fantases a coics .
Jacb told r again if h wanted to go ith i to a better plac t s tll denied , until he accepted with ny ne ondition , if all her family could go wit he .
Jacb ld Jesica if they could leave t islan wit Scrett 's family , she was no happy about it u s sa yes .
But they needed to mak te at even more resistant and igi so it will support l t family ad all the extra oo th ill nee .
bortion is a conroversial ssue in r society today .
om Pro - choice groups n individus believe tha a pero ave to right of choe , this ncludes the right to ecide if th want to give birt or no .
Contradicting he Pro - choice grps , Pr - lfe supporters conider terminting ay renancy unjustifable .
En thog in ome circustances , suc as life threaening n sexual abuse pregnancies , it could be he best thing to do .
Hence , very woman ut be able to ae aborion as a choe .
Abortion can be gen as an ption in fe threatening.pregnancies .
The presence of a mthr is important in a child 's life espeilly in the first few months .
During the irs mnths , he relationship between a mother n a child rapily devlops .
h baby 's inborn capaity of imitation and relation of visual and auditiv stimulation , is gradually patterned nd thi is supported by te mother 's empatetic response .
( ier.l,198 )
This natura process wol be ntrrupted by the absence of te mther and the ild 's development could be in his case egatively influenced .
Develpmnt of etional and psychological problem such as atrnal depration ca be a resul .
Th child ill hve ifficulties buildng n ustainng relatioshps during dlt - life .
Beaue of this risk abortion an be considered an optin .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in case of impregnation as a rsult of sexual abuse .
Impregnatin as a result of sexual abuse is not uncmmon a in these cases borton should be a choie .
Sexual violence has a devastating imct on victims , all areas of a icim 's life is affected .
Recovring is a hard and complcated prces a when yo add a regnanc to is equation it js makes it vn more painful .
In fct , hi is the main reason why sexually ssaultd victims cose to have an aboion .
ny victims believe that h dditional auma rlatd to caring their rapist child can be aoided by teinating te pregnancy , ad terefore help th pu h assault ehind tm ad recover more qicky .
Even though , n a victims will chos to have an abortion it has to be given as an option .
Even if , abortio has to be gen as a choice in special cas , it is not a soluions f accidental prgnancies .
It is for the person who ecides to hav otus to ak sure to use appopriate anti conception .
Otherwise , u my run the rk that peol seing abortion as an easy wa to get id of an uwante pregnancy .
In oder to reent thi , it is important to apply strct guidelines regarding situation where aotion is given as an opton .
Abortion on has to be approved as an optin in life threatening.pregnancies or if he ther s ben sexually molested .
Undeterred by this , it still the mother 's dcision if she wants to save hr on if or cry an ca or hr rapist child .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Osar onés r a tacing ositin at IHM and the Depatment of Globl Health wtin th School of Mdicine d the School of ubic Health at the niversity of Washington .
I d te oportuity to be a stdent and work as a research assitnt it Dr. Motés in e me fiel .
I a definitely affirm that he has excelent teaching kills .
I tok the following sbjects : Master 's degree final project II , Global Health , nd Health ystem unr the utorig of Mr Montés .
He taught to people fom diferet backgrounds , to undergraduate and pograduate students , and anage to expan difficult public ealh topics marvellously .
Also in Master 's degre fina prect II , Dr onés heled us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis wit excelence .
In my work as a esearh assistant fr Dr. Montés , I experieced gret learning in an fields , o oy in Public Helth tops but also in reseach methodolog , public seaking , an writing .
I witnessed a ler orm his ability to wok with other faculties sch as Faculty of Medicin , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and Scol Law .
I assisted to plcy making forum and eens where Dr Montés was a speer d his opinion was highly respeed .
Moreov , we dveoped projets wth multidisciplinry teams fo the following institutions : h Colombi Minist of Halth , d t Wrld Bank with excellent reults .
I rekon Dr Montés fulfils the requirments of th position you oer .
ince he has geat expertise teaching , d an excellent os , respectful of te opinion , tim , and personal background of everybdy .
I tnk hat he will be grea asse for your ollge .
I 'm writing in respos of the letter te profesor Collins wrte to yo .
In the etter he complaints aout the t - of - da stem of school in Italy an he mae some suggestions about hw th could be overcome by major educatina reforms .
First of l , the professor says hat the majority of Italian techers r not ll pepard to do thei work ad , conseuently , stdens do n't hieve te skls they should to success in a fure wk , but I do n't agree wit this sttment .
I think ha t eal problem ta mes or schools so u - of - date coparing to that of other countries is h a teachers ge in tuch ih studens and transmit them tir knowledge .
As a matte of fact tudens are ten seen as emp pitchers reay to be filed by as many information as they can otain .
Teachers should n't alk bot the subjects without caring if thei tuents are relly listnig to what they 're saying or o , and they shod n't let them sdy ut because they mut .
They should ak tir studets li school as a pleasant expeince , as somehin their futue is based on .
econdy , in hi letter the profess suggets tat school ould sed ore money on omputer euiment .
I agree wih his rcommedation because I think it 's mportant for schols to ae he se progresses the soety dos ar by ye , ffring always nw materials and echnoogies , such as cmpters or interacive whitboards in casrooms , making studying more intersting a soetime al easier .
Thi is what , in my opinion , must be chngd in schools to satisfy th society necessties and overcme the od and inappropriate " out - of - ate " system .
Should shols sped re on computers and sofwar tn on extboks ?
Nowadays , sudents ca work with ompters at school and most of them av oe at oe .
Many pole el tat it is good to do their student life easier .
Howver , it also has some disadvantages .
On he o hand , I firmly believe tha students can fi more valuable iformation on textbooks because he have existed for many centuries .
For his rean , I blieve that tey have content more reliable .
Furhermore , if you go to a lirary , u could pen all y seeing books and learnig about different thins so in hse lace there are mny acient oks .
On h ther ha , I personally thi ta pupils enjoyng moe workng with textook becae they can do thi activiy with classmate and they can help eh other .
Also , in my opinion , young peple should not se compuers fo much time because thi could be dangerous for thir health , apearing sight problms or hedaches .
Tain everything into accont , in my pinion every stunt houl have a goo encyclopadia at hom ecause it is much better o tir education .
There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents as they have to wor so hard to end lie n to a t re as we as their employees nd to give us- my brother ad me- a good living tda and futue tomorrow .
We lking about famous eople , I usually pon u J.K. Rowling .
As a wrter - to - be I admr her rk reating a fantastic world of maic and epic as well as drk caractrs whic are recognizable al aoun e globe .
Tha is wy , in act , I am a big fan of Geore R.R. artn as wel .
His ' Sg of fir and ice ' saga has bn rough ino te television world in the ae of Game of hrone a it is currently eig awarded as the bst drama tv series of all ime .
However , en talking abu gret chievements , I will always tk abot people le elso Manea , Martin Lher Kg or Rs Pas .
My fascination abut toe pple is that hy fought fr hei peop 's rigts , black ac 's rihts , in a word of white peole treating em as slaves an bullying th .
That is why , nowdays , I feel a hg admiration for Maala Youszafi .
She 's an Indian teage il and fights for education all over th world .
And not onl for boys u o gir to .
In r untry , education for girls wa forbidden b she stood up against ths sitation , going to scho and eve being sho fr that .
u she neer stopped .
e nev stops .
Becaus knowledge is e best weapon we gt aginst hoe who wan to rue us as he ant .
I am at he in my lovey ouse , wher I love eery detail of te interier , whe every ting is on its place .
Our hose is clean nd comfortable , me a my fmily lve to spe time at ome .
I have two oely kis .
My elder on is 20 already .
It is eekend a we l together today .
Every weken we eave everything and meet to spend tie togthe , to share news , love n plans .
We play pno , sng favite ogs , play able gams , we laugh a l and love these weekends together very mh .
Sometme our kids inite friends and today my son came wit his girlfriend .
I am calm and confident .
After all thi courses ha I 've dne I am wise and do n't alk a lt .
I enjoy every ment and people love to be with me .
ext to me everybody feel lm and confidet . I 've learned a l in t last 15 years .
And y ill hardly reognie h l me .
Eve word I a I ay for a reasn .
My ids are proud to have parants like me and my husband .
Togeter we make ths orld a better plnet .
We fond a way to he a lot of pope to live apy life ad enjoy wa they have .
It is my birthday tomrrw .
We 've planed a nie event to celebrte my 50 .
Friends , colleagues , fami all thes pele who was next to me on tis way to this wondefu ay .
The day when I am oud of myself , happy to loo back and curious to lok forward .
If ou 've been following my blg , you 'll ko that I 've ben on a journey of discovery and creation concernn using techology to create materials d using technology to teah .
I have just started teachig a e , face to ace group of duts .
I ws excited to e back nto e clssoom , I ainly teah online today , nd try ou ome of my n skills on a grp .
I checked te eqipent : I had a computer n projector , both in god working rder , a fat intent connection and a full clas .
I as rady and raring to go .....
As oon as the lihts wet out , the atmosphere chane in the classroo ad I fe e tension is .
ne student said tt she could n't ee well , noter student complined that t writing was too smal , anothr el se was geting to hot rom the projector .
Te group 's native nguage is Amhait ; te have all had to ern Hebr , so English is a third or or som of tem a frth languag .
I 'd chosen a method of techng tht was not sutable or the group .
hs is a roup of beginners , the exprienc of a first lessn wit a w teacher is daunting enough , without addig unfamilia tchnolgy and teaching metds .
So I wtched f the projector , ok t my wte board pen , dusted f my flh cards a reverted back to traditional methods of teachig .
We 've had three esson so far and I 'm horoghly enjoying techng this grop ; it 's a leasue to teach face - to - face ad a challenge to teach dults at this lvel ; it 's really rea to et ' back to basics ' .
Ti experience has reminded me tha although there are ny advantages to using technology in t clas room , it 's n away approrate a it 's helpd me to establs some eqilibrim in my teaching methods .
Instead of creating some online lessons o this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to crae sme new rntable materls to hand t in clas .
his ot will be t first of tee on e topic of the resnt Simple tens , it contais a printable infographic covering t basics of the Presen Simple ad two printable worksheets .
Are yug pople less ealth than they were ears ago ?
owadys , there is an ncreasing conen about the halth of oun people , snce thee is no doubt that it is etting ore .
To egin with , rect statistics veal that obese adolescet ' rato is riig .
As we as hat , the ifestyle of our socty is using us to be ore passive .
An last bt t least , it seems that new technologies ar not helping to dveop their soil a intellectual skills .
The reasons col be , firstly , fast foo is cheaper n very accessible for young eole .
In additin , spending to mch time in activities like watching TV , sufig the Intrne or playing video gmes prevent them rom don sprts .
And finally , teengers may become more dependent d introvere bcause of electronc evies such as bile phone or peronal comuter .
Actually , it is t comlicated to change habits in order to be healthir .
For instance , filling e ridge with a great amout of frh frut nd vegetale , dng sm exrcie ad hae som fn ith fends reglrly .
Hi Ben
How ar you ? I 'm taking a year off and aying in Londo fo six months so I op u can elp me if it is n't too mch to as .
I 'd like to find a pa - time job but first of all I ae to find an apartment to iv , so I wa wondering if o can look for a small apartment where I can ie in ; it would be ettr if it 's near he underground stain d in the cy ctre so tha I can go sightseeing in my free time .
Maybe you oud n't mind helping me to fi a job .
Would yu be so kin as to let me know if the ar sme restaurants or pu that ned staff ?
I 'm lookg for a wl - paid jo becase I now that huses r expenie in the city centre .
I 'm looking oward to eing thre , I al eed to tke a rest n that 's the reason why I want to in a prt - tme d n a ll - time jb .
I ope I 'm not asking t much d I 'd be really pesed if you 'll gve me or help .
Thanks u very mch .
Le , Valeria
Advances in computer science ha created a tremendous lep in technical innovations .
ne of the most reent outstanding nnovatins is robotc .
Lavine , oss and Coontz ( 27 ) define robotics as h combinaton of " utomatin with action d at times a considerable amount of mobity " wic is " ecoming re d moe manoid"(p .
1083 ) .
The ore computer scienc influnes human 's lve , the more important tatus robotics a in the field of engineering .
Only a decade year ao , robotics was jt limited to cietific research .
However , today it is used in more ields , uc as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as wll as educatio .
Thi essay will discuss the current social consequences of robtis in the ra of edution , ad then conclude by commenting on its pssibe futur mplication .
In the first place , robotics acvity could provide learnes wt real siuation hch are related to irrelative courses , especially in cientifi and medical ones .
Tnzawa et al . (
202 ) described an exeriment from howa University whih amed to tst ho wel dental stuets could deal th emergency situation .
The result incated hat athough the patient wre merely robts , out of 98 candidates , oy 22% students orectly gave the dianoses .
From a survey , 78% nd 72% of studets cosiderd robot patients to be useful in medical emergey a risk training , whilst 63% of hm hoght it had a grt aue in training o surgcal treatment .
It is obvious th in hs experiment , students could acuire knowledge mre effectively an tecers cod lso realize weaknes of stdets specficall .
Scond , rbotics n be taken advantage of to make studying n teachg effectie and efficient .
University of Southern Denmark organized an experiment , wich amd to examin how well robotics techniques ned I - BLOCKS ( a modar electronic building block sysm ) uld do on lanuae tts .
Surprisigly , e result illustrated tat tese robots an not only put words in rght order grammatically , b als recoise whether a sentence is corec or not .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structure of robots whi re smart to rac to surroundings , and uid bnary expresson to calculate in real - ime and show both final results an ub - resls ( Lun , Mai , & Plma , as cte in Niesen & Lund , 20 ) .
ith the help of robotics , li I - BOCKS , studnt and techer might spn es tim on studying n sme sophisticated processs a simplified as we .
Nevertheless , robotics is not tat satisfyin ecaus it is cmplicatd to operate which is always the eson why operators re distracted .
u et al . ( 010 ) describe an experiment that med to tt ifferences of ti on operating robots to do tasks .
T grops of participants were asked to do suture - tng ts n a secondary ta with dstracion , sh as deiion - mking , mmory - task .
They a Grop A : tn medical students aged 19 - 27 who ny had general knoedge abot urgery , and Grou B : four experiened surgicl postgraduates .
It a foud tht there ws an apparent diference on aveage spe and completin me he comparng tasks from students ith bac kowedge nd te one from anther group .
Moreor , in the task ith distraction , experienced grup a 1/3 - 1/2 faster in aalyzing .
ven thouh it become mor efficent to sdy ih robotics ' hep , nasy peratig equires muh tme .
eraps being familr with robotics and ood at operating could he ot of his shortage .
Today , mo people not ony in t field of education , but also in diferent fields , have made use of robotc as tool to deepen their explorig and studying .
It is ossibl that e roboics oud be a normal pat of individual 's lives .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) md some exaples of rootic in daily livs : social humn - robot , soial assistive robot , therpetic obot , menal commitmet robot , re robot , robot - theray .
To a country , robotics cul be new weapns for th future technological war .
Howver , there is oe debate that it is gaist etic to let warrior rbots prtcipate in oder wars and igh it rea solder ( rop , 2012 ) .
Becue of its unlimited otential , robotics will be used a mre widely in the ftue .
However , diadantages of robots and om social or ehica probes should be conidered careully whl obotics is contributing to human 's lve .
In concsion , wt technology and computer science developing , plication of robtcs widens fro sientific resarh to a vriety of feds no .
Beses infuenes on education , robotics a an efct on mdical treatment , nring d eve esgn to future wa as wl .
Even tough rootcs brngs more benefcial coseqences n advantaes th is disadvantages , t shortcomings still should o be neglected and mr scintific research hould be doe to improve applcaton of robotics .
Is her no future fr ubic ransport ?
It directly dpends on e city in hich you lve t , as tm goes by , public tranport becomes mr and more necessary .
Living in a bi city is always a ig callenge .
You uually have to commute to work d it takes you seera hour pr week to ge to yu ofic .
Public transprt llows you to ve time and mone in commuting .
esides , it offers yu pre me to rad and listen to music , provide ou an in a sa n hae a clm trip .
Pulic transport is so necessary in big ctis that a inustr is continuously deveoping new means of transprt .
Not onl an customers choose a wide range of transport to commute , but hey can also discovr technologies that ae nt available fo piate purposes .
On the oher hnd , public trasport is t so acceped in smal illages , as it is not possible to offer a wde range of sevices ad timetables .
In sml ciies it is easiest to travel by car .
In n cs , ublic transprt is far fro having no future .
On th contrary , it should widen its gls an contiue offering e services for he tie being .
There are so ny nice paces in Russia .
Th ar sattered acrss the it .
Evry plae has its w dstinc features .
Some places av sceic beauty in audance wile may ae famou fr their architctural wnders .
In addition ver pron has different tastes , choices and references .
me people enjoy te sight of seni beauty ; some e attratd towards places of istoical nd rchaeological interests .
I av visited ma historical and turis paes in many countries lk Bgium , Great Brtan , Spain and oters .
ut t visit which as a lasting impresson on my mi is th visit of Red Square .
It is the st beautiful ace I have ever seen in Moscow .
Nohere exprsss Moscow , Rssia 's vas nd anient capil lk Rd Sare .
An enormous 400 by 150 etres , R Square es in t centre of oscw and on is four sides stand t emlin , UM ( Deartment Store ) , State Historical Museum and Cathedral of te Prottion of Most Hy Theotoos ( aka St. sil 's Cathedral ) centres of government , commerce , istry and religion .
The sqare is lso home to Lei 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the eveed founder of Soclism .
Te must - see place is St. Basil 's Cathdral , the beautiful rchiectural symbo of Rsia .
It cludes domes , cupolas , arce , towers , and spires is sure to inpir y every bit as mch in real life as in t photos .
At e norhern ed of e square you wi fin the State History Museu with its huge collection of rtefacs chartng Rusa 's past rgt bak to the sto age .
Al these and ma or like its cultural plas , amos streets conncted to square and gorges as well as old buildings ak it " spirit of Msow " .
Inded , the beauty of Mcow is encantng and have nque spirit .
Comre an contrast Dickns ' and t Brontë sisters ' sty of writing .
The man feaur of Dicke ' an t Botë sters ' style of wriing is realis .
All hse ictorian novelists use ery etaild desciptions of places , people and feeing in orer to ae tei novels as ealitic as posible .
Anyay , Dickens ' style is that of senimental realism , whh mixes comy and pathos , whl the Brontë sisters ' eaism is plenty of Romantic and Gothic elements and it 's widely infleced by he desolate nlish Mos , wee th re up .
In addiion , Dickens , as long as Charlotte and Eiy Botë in soe of teir novels , se ute frequently e frs - person narration .
For example , in " Dvid Coperfeld " , Dickens 's most autobiographial novel , the tory is tale with a fit - peson narration wth t poin of ve of he protonist as an dul .
Charlotte Brontë us the same technique in Jane Er , he materpiece .
Finly , in al cass , te stylistic choices are closely linkd with th themes hey deal wth , which always concerned soial issues .
Tnis is made of several ingredients : usense , emotios , physica skills d training ar cobind ith tactics n itelligenc .
Athlet performace is defnitely enhanced by having a fin physique and natul skils .
Neverthlss , a strong and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of tennis , as shown by famos tennis chamions , ike Michael Can and ustne Henin .
Much shorter ta thir fellw colleagues , they have always be able to compensate or tir phsical aks wh an extremely go tecnique accmpanied by a strong head .
Moreover , tenns ca be seen as a metapor of li .
You are lone on the tenis court to ac your contender .
It is a battle wher you an cont only on yursel .
Thoug yo migh be fiting or lng a gtting tid nd tired , you have to search f the sength inside yourelf to cotnue ad rach te d of the enns match .
Teni also ies a mesage of ope .
You hae nevr to surrender : until he lat bll s bounced twe on t gund , you ae to keep ighting , regardeless of t core .
Fate ma py a role ut you have still to try ad brn out e best of yourself .
Tennis is cosidered a very individualistic sor .
Nonetheess , it hlps to sae your own pesonaity .
I would dfinitely recommend whoever would like to start this sport to aproch it with a good spirit .
Alhough it igt ook difficul at th einning , time ater time yu will com to reals how tennis wl positiely ipac on your persnal el - eig .
Dea Chis ,
I 'm glad I finally heard from u after all ti te .
It 's ben a long time , so how hve o been ?
And ow are your fe nd kids holding up ?
Anyway great to hear ht you o the jb you raly wantd d ht o enjoy it uit a lot .
I 'm pleasantly srprised by u visiting is part of h contr , but lt 's hae f together !
Hoever cool to har tat you 're cming to Eschede in a mnt 's tm !
I 'm vailabl whener y ar so it 's an afable de to ee up and hang ut .
We coud go shopping in e city cent , they have some very cool stores ta we ot ill be able to ejy even a Primark a I haven't seen some shops nywhre ee yet .
Furthemor ter is a hge and cool movie thare whr we could watch a film together , ine they 've go ome very excitn films cong ou .
Or ele there are soe pubs we oud visit , os of the time I quite enjoy going to a pub on te wekens myel , but it 's all up to o .
They even ae a football stadium , so if you want to do that as ll , let me kn .
If yu need a plac to stay , I ave a guestroo available , t ta 's entirely up to ou .
I hope I will hr from yo soon !
Talk to y lter !
ov ,
Marenka
Dear Joh ,
I 'm sry it too me so og to rly .
I 've had lots of things on my head reentl , esecialy aftr my mom died .
It was very considerte of yo to send conolenes so please , have my thanks .
It 's gra to ha hat ou 've oun the perfect job .
I 'm still looking o the ne suitable fr me .
Last sumer I thougt I foud it .
It s a small job in te local cnea and my main ta as to hp peole fnd thei places d help them with all the od they had .
Earlie , ther have been many accidnts with od flyig l ve e pac , beause people trped a lot .
Wh I ws there , I did my jb pretty well , and I ite enjoyed it .
Why ?
Because I love aking to people and spending time th them and that job ave me tha opportuny .
lso the aff thre was very ce and they wanted me to ta , ut I need more money so ufrtunately I could n't .
I ca n't wat to hear more about yo wrk , you seemed very excited aou it .
Tell me more about the people you work with d o do ou feel there ?
I 'm ooing frwar to hearing from you .
All the best ,
Dara
It was a ol nih of ovemer I was exploing a lt temple wih my friend Michael , we have be looking for that tmpe since our een years h temple of h slent cartgraper .
The leend says tht al the maps of h world re hddn into th temple protectd by a guardian called Sneka e dreamer , he is an acint arrio an his objective is to kill everyone who tre to ste the ma of the cartographer .
at te etrance of he teple ere t statues the first a white and the second red , the staues wer carrying a sword de of ld a diamond thse swords were se to fht Soneka and to open te gate of th cartographer , ce we asse th sculptures ur objectiv was to kill the beat and gb t ma of e golden iy .
Ten we had a big nois coming ro side the emple it w Soneka his ppearance was glorious a bg warir using a golden armor d a b sword is skils were unmatched , he was faster tn the sund ur oly chance was to ru to he aut of h cartographer but only o an ss through e door of the artogapher Michel decide to stay out he vaul I rn io th cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at hat momet he had mde a mistake .
Since the cocpt a pelminary implementatin mdel of the Yidis Centre w developed in my office , it a expected ht World ORT wuld participate in the pojct in a e capacities , rather thn just incluing Yiddish compont in our events , sbjct to the theme .
Some of the aspects ave ee discussed during my meting wit Modehai in Agust .
I thin tha , as Robert once recommended , we should iscus he whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just e seminar , define the feasibl components and have a WJC - WO MOU on such suject signed .
Please ve me or avid a cal should yo is to discus th rther .
Nowadays , travelling by car is much me common han we uld ever imgie .
An because hstory has a way of rpeatng itself I truly believe that th olden days of usin pulic transport are making a come bak .
On the n hand owning a car mea idependence , so hat , we ca travel nywere we at , whenever we wan without bin id own to a set timtabl n furthermore , it is certainly moe comortable th public tansort .
On he other hand , today we re forced to share a transport with other peope due to economic probes that ur countr is facing .
People do ot ern as much money as they ued to , in fact they earn a lot less .
his mean hat people a o ffor a car n l the xpenses hat come wi it .
Thefore , ee though a car is re conveient and moe comfortable tha any fom of public transport , it is alo ls economic han th later whih leave pple ih no othr choice than to s plic transport .
Hi Jo :
Hw are you doing ? I 've hrd in the grapevine at u 're aking a killing with your last pc program .
On t contrary , I 'm ju getting ued to look up every da on my comutr .
I usually check my e - mail in he mornigs just after haing breakfast .
One good ns is that finally I gave up d ought my first Smartpho .
It h turn ot to be very hand .
I can answer my e - mails immediatey .
It 's very andy becae I ad the newspapers online and for free , but only the Spanis paer .
I also like to he a look at the oreig newspapers bu they on t yo to red he headlines and te beginnng of e articl .
I always hought ht the Internet was amazing , t now I even ur te e to ind some solutions o my children 's homework .
The other dy I found a webpage abou Paris .
It 's li a blg but it 's written by ay people ho write there their impression bot beatifu sights .
I think it 'll be very useful o your next trip to ais .
ll , ha 's all for now I hop to hear about you soon .
et
Javier .
1 . INTROUTION
The ai of thi pper is to sh , through a transitivity anlysis of e lyrics from ree diffeent songs , how languge ha influenced roles of gndr
T questions we are going to answer about ths songs e :
• Although the performers are wome , is th language sed sexist ?
• Does anyone feel lk a ictm ?
The structure is divided in these sections :
- Method : Data selection- T three ons we will be analzed n t reasns why we 've ose tm
- Theoretical backgroud- A review of our knowledg .
We wi exain se oncpts tht we will use lter in our analysis .
- Analysis : his prt is he practicl part hat wi anwer our questions .
he lyrics wil be explained .
Our tools wll be transitivity analysis and languge .
Furthermoe , we will ve some examples of clauses hat repreent better h meaning of r songs .
- Conclusions : The qstions we mde before will be asered .
With our analis done , his fina prt is where th results of r work is rittn a we can te e dierence between these songs and ha we ought at te beginning
- Bibliographical references : The pr whee he sores e revealed
2 . ETHOD : DAT SELECTION
We are going to compare te yrics om the follwing tee sog : ile Cyrs ' Wrecking Bl ; nastasia 's Left Otsde one ; and Taor Swift 's ack to December .
We have chosen thse the songs becas they al del wit the same topic of breaking - up , t they dscrbe this topic fm diferent ponts of view , even though he the sos ar performed by female sigers .
These songs are relatively modern , but if we ta a loo we will find some sexism in soe parts .
Hoeve , ere 's a hope fo women to find a song at oes n't treat thm lik an inferior ender .
This is the cse of th " free hoie " song , Tayor Swift .
Sll , won e t vtim in thre different ays . We will serh or hse situatins tha share th eelings of regret , made by sme specific situations .
Anastasia 's sog tells a stoy of a vicim , meanwhile the othrs tak abut omen th fll guity bease they av hurtd men .
Also , we think that these song an represent different kins of proesss ad language we ae sen in class .
The material prcesses re ls known as t pocesses of ding .
This is ecaue they epres an action or an activity .
hs type of process has en oud in te tre sog and it is ery proifi .
Usually , in tee types of songs , e performers descrie actios in e reltionsips as el as at the end of it .
h material proesses are carried out by agents , whch coinie with he subject .
e subject of he sentence can alo be the orce if h aet is inanimate .
We hav found this ind of agent in th sog with the lov relationship as the subjec .
In hs cteory of proceses , there is anoth prtcipant known as the afecte , becus te action of te eb affcts or ccerns it .
In our search , h cogition veb hav bee the most common inside of the roup of th mentl ones ollowed by h affection ones , which is quite normal whe describig a ove relationship
SON ANALYSIS :
he main participants e the woman an h man .
h woman se ntal and material processe the sa amount of ies .
Regarding enta prcesses , cgnition is e ty more used .
he material prcsses so some actions tht the girl would lik to eas becas them only make emotional abuse to the man .
S fels srr becaus sh did n car about h in hs delicate situation .
As we c se , the boy gave her ove a s just want to leve him .
Although the reason for the brak - up is t totaly cler , the gir is saying that it s all hr fault .
Th y did t do anythin ong .
If we look to e b process , we will id nly positve thng .
The processes tht appears me uslly are metal n relatinl ( tributive tye ) .
hese cases ar always regarding god actions or howng the go characteristics of the man
.
On the other hnd , the woman just say " I 'm soy " .
h mental processes , specifically the cognition one , tlls us that she had thoht a lt bou what sh did and that e is wron .
h other paticipants appears a few times , but these participants el us important things about he relationship .
Sh cares bout him , about hs life n his family ( even thoug he i n't cre befor ) .
Consequently , ese prticpants ge us om ke to understand better e situation , t actaly they just cfirm what te gir eels .
She is regreing because their elationship get orse nd it was n't what he sposed it could be .
She was him , but " the chn is on hs oor " .
She bre up , but ow sh is on his hand .
Ti ca only be explained because he is a good o nd she w ( probaby ) ofused .
Although now she is sure , she a sufered a lot . " The cold " n " h fear " was nside her .
he els b , u she oe n't really know what to a .
Even though , there 's a sentence tht n confse anyne .
Sh says " swallowing my pide " .
She a to do it , ad is a sacrifice .
Maybe h feels bad , ut no comleely ilty .
This sentce hows a girl who thinks sh is t really bad , though s kno she could have done hings better .
Obviously , she ca n't say a b thng aou him , bt we do n't eally kw wa he tinks abot her .
There r some lue in sentences like " Yor guard is up " or " t la tm you saw me is still bunin in the back of your id " .
This means he sil oes her , u at th same te he 's still hurt .
He is confusedly in love .
Fialy , t woman tells im that s would undrstad tht he does n't wt to restart the relationship , but e mkes a promise :
" If we loved gain , I war I 'd love yu riht " .
The probm is that maybe is o late and she only an sh " I 'd realized wha I ha when you were mi " .
Tis sentence and some otrs sound lie if they were pronounced by a man …
Learnin a new language is always an xiting eperence .
There could be many reasons that ed to the ee to learn new langage but , the advaages are vst .
earnng a n language give u a chce to e the many things that are aroun you in a different aspect .
Yu wil ths roaen yr way of thinking and in e n as y lean you wll enhance ou intellience .
However , yo ne to understnd that learing a new langag is not an as ask .
You need to invest or ime and eegy in it so as to achieve reults .
There is a lo of stress associated with it , bring in min ha in ost cases a ew anuage wl revolve around a culture that is difernt frm what you ar ud to .
Enthusiasm to learn is al ta u wll need so as to gt the irst fe steps done .
Aft he first few words , you will le the experience and will be har o o to sop .
It is always intreting to ommunicte ih natives of a foreign language omfortably .
he mos important thig is to hae positive thohts .
You may find the first initial tges of real stress .
You may en fel lie giving up .
ncouragng yoursef that you can wor perfectly well for o .
To pee up the lering proess , yo ned to ea my omi bos in the anguge at nt to learn . I wil be hard to understa everyting that y ead but t pictures in he cic oks wl help o .
In tim , you wil get to learn many n words .
ou also eed to choose boks of you favorite auhors .
hi is important because you undrstand thir way of writing d il be es to undersnd . Enroling in diferet orus that r in h language you want to lear will be of great i to you .
Howeer , y ed to choos frums with eoqent speakers as it is th only way you wi gain uc .
Hey Jh !
Ho a hings goig over there ?
Is Ms. Gretce stil giving yu trouble ?
Have you made any progress on your website proje ?
I 've be ry busy lately .
I 've t a lt of assinments to work on .
An this depressing weathr is just making t situation wore .
Anyway , I as thinking maybe o a help me u wih ti latest e . I 'm upposd to do soe rserch on etng customs arod he world and I igured , intea of jut doing a quick earc on Goole and grabbing something o a Wkipedi artcle , I 'd ask yo fr a more rect source of ipu on th habits of the Englih .
If I quote you on my work , I mgh sce a few xtr marks .
So , what 's e typical Englis aproah to ntriional eeds ?
Waiting to hr bck fo you ,
Your fred Hugo .
Prposal for the development of a sport aciity .
Itroduction
Sports are all arod he community .
They imove ou health and hl peopl neract ith each ote .
Those are a few reasons why it is important o us as a hethy group of people to hae facilities in wic we ca practce th kind of actvities .
The chosen o
In my opinión runing is oe of the mt hepful ports en it comes to trt movng an getting it , in patcular fo hos people who hae o een ing ay ind of physical activit for a long time .
Ts activity wod not demad huge aounts of mony to be doe and th a nn - significant investment would help a large group of people h despratel ne it .
Minimal investment with huge benefits
To star running th commuiy wl eed a few thins .
To begi wi , it is mportant tha the government develops a prgram hich cretes social awareness .
A significan pa of th population in ts twn do not no the importance of practising spts and having a healther life .
Once peoe kw al h benefits tis port has , they will need a space wher to pratice it comfortably .
Wth this in mn oey wul be spent on constructng a running rue where no - e wld have to worry about traff or obstacules in their wy .
Beefi for all ages
There ae almt no contraindicatons to ractie is sport so lmst everybody in th tw has t opportunity to r it at least ne .
Ts ctivit o nl improves yor body n alth but ls els u hve positive thuhts aking everyon fe happier .
Cclusión
In my opinion improving the pactice of this sport will be a gat ivestmen for our communt and il av a ret impa on our health and in u everyay livs .
he ectue and e readin pssae both discuss how to stop h spread of cane toads in Australi .
owever , the lecturer argues against the reading passage .
e reading assage mntions three ws to revent cane toads from spreading , while the peaker fers tre reasos to refute the reading passage .
The fist point , sugestd by e lecturer , is that aional fece a not st cane toads fm sreaing .
The cae toads ' eggs and young can tods can sred to other ras fo the streams and rives .
Unless e national fence ca prevent the ggs nd young cn toas fo moving through he ater wa , he fence is useless .
Ths , the ecture dipues h idea mentiond in the atice that building a national fence cold avoid th spreadin .
The ecurer 's second rgument invovles aturing and destroyin te toads by volunteer .
It is argd in t listeng pssage that untrained volunteers cod har th native frogs wch r endngered .
Because h oug rogs look ali , it is possibe that the volunteers will ill ros other than ae oads .
In sho , h lecturer questons wt is tatd in the redin psage hat prevent the spredng by volunteers capturing the cane tod .
inall , it is arued in e lstening passe that dsease - cauing virus ha illd the oad uld be a disaster .
The lecure ss that if he virus w bring to the orgnal habitats of cne toads in South America , it wl cue cologial daage to the ocal ecosystem . To su up , the letrer doubt the a mentioned in the reading ta specially designed viru cul specifically harm cane toads and rvent them ro spading .
To conclude , h lecturer discords wi th deas in th passage by presenting hre convincg reasons .
Natonal fence , olnteers , nd virus are not god olutions to e cne toas spreading problem .
" Mission : Impossible " soars agin with sunnng five oing !
It it hd to blieve that olywood superstar To Cuse is till abe to reinvent himel cary the weght of a blockbuster franchise ke the " Mission : Impossible " seris , uch more so after considerng th fact tht he is ow in his erl fifties , nd til lok as fresh as he did in the 25 years old " Dy of Thunde " .
To tar , " Rogue Nation " folows h same bas formula of the movi preceding it : fast - paced action , a focus on the espionage d gadgetry of the ce tm , and some of he os breathtkin set peces Hollywood has to ofe .
Together wit a sld foe and te dt and stylish nd of director Chrstopher McQuarrie , all elements combine to gve this fifth ouing a refined sense of rgeny , perfectin t pce to delvr constant , ve - topping thlls .
Finall , a secial mention goes o Joe Kraemer 's surbly thrillin cor , jt a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchesra ation uic .
With all hins considered , t botom line is ht Crie & Co hae delivered wat has to be considered as the finest film in he eries yet .
Th socal debate beten prress an trditios hs bee oing on fr centuries .
Trogh ou customs , we celebrate our past d kep our cultural heritage aiv .
t it is aso becus of these set of beliefs , mostly of rligious oigin , tha some socties fail to evolve d respond to the ever - cnging eed of al of ther pople .
Oe of te ain adantage of cutra practices is that they llo societies to maintain her identies nd gain economic stability .
In st Latn Aerican ountries , milenar ractice suc as silversmithing , o onl keep e egion in tch with its herita , t hey have become the sole sourc of incme for many communities .
Natins like Mexio and ru , with internationally recognized cuisines , he ken advantage of tir ulinar oot and boosted th proction of locally gron foods , ik chipole pepers nd quioa , to rin ecoomc gowth to their gricultre sector .
On the ohr hd , the greatest disadvantage of traditins , is that religious belie hav ket these very ae populations fom social an human rights prgress .
Gay marriage and rproductive rights ae t recognized by te Costa Rican and most Latin goerments , all becuse of the set of beliefs of a percentage of heir commuity .
In conclusion , traditions should be herished and kept alie for fure generations .
Hweve , the safekeeping of the practices should ever become a priority or the wellbeng of the ollective .
Progrss d traditions are not oppotes in a socie ty were respect nd tlerace for oher is the rioity .
ear Yasser ,
As er ou meeting , we will be waing fo yor input regarding h following points :
1 . Postpaid roaming calls , F and GPR
2 . ospaid roaming arkp
3 . Peaid MM
Da Uair ,
What is th recommended source fr extracting the prepaid oaming eveues ?
Regards ,
Ibrhim Guirgis
" Prison ha long ben te traditional punishment o peple who commit crmes .
Sme pole believe , oever , ta community service order are more appropriate in some caes .
When do yo think ha it is right to odr pele to wrk in e community to py or tir crimes ? "
In recnt yeas , te most comon punishment fr criminas has be risn .
her are crtan people who beieve cmmuniy svice orders are more dequae in me cses .
People wo bek the aw , should be ordered to work in communty in oder to p for their misdeds , when th ve done a minor offence or if th av acted unintentionally .
Community service orers r more appropriate han prion punishments when people have acted unintentionally .
Sending crimins to prison is a sriou verdict or people tht av mde a mistke .
Nody is sinls a eopl shuld n be treated as serios as being set to jal .
Fr example , grafiti mars in Bulgria re ent to prison r 4 years .
This is nair , because they do not do an hrm to e environment nor to the society .
It is better ht ey do a ertain amount of communit ok , or example clean their graffiti , ich will tech thm how had it is to clen graffiti , d thus , prevent he from making new ones .
Working in the community is re adequate compare to sending pele to prison wn criminals have on a mior offence .
Limiting peole 's freedom bcuse of inor , non - hrmful to th socity imes is inhumane .
Everyoy eseves reedom , desite ts crme .
Altough ther misdeed hold ot be tolerated , I belie that had better do some community wk .
This will elp them undestand teir mistakes and preven he in fute .
o eamle , in Bugara , people wo lay down and rax on th grass in he par re snt to jail for 6 year , becaue ey re cosidere " doing serous amag to the evironment n preventing the park frm furhr develment " .
Community service orders should be us whe peope hae acted unintentionlly an when they have conceded a minor offee , as this will lp them realize heir istaks , ithout them bei imied in freeom by being sent to prison .
This will help em realize their mistakes d thu , qi oig thm .
House at he End of the Stet
The lat movie I watched a Hos Next Doo , a captivating thriller ha tars Jennifer Lawrence , Elabeth Shue n Mr Thieriot .
The plo is about a eenge girl who moes in wit er othe to her dream house , which wa ne to a home here a horrile double homicide ha tken ace in .
As soo as they me in , they hear h rmors of the incden : a little ir brutally mdered er rents in h middle of the niht and disappared , and the ohr child of te famiy rcenly moved in ter .
As h oie develops , it as lots of interesting turns hat let the viewr form his / he own conclusions .
I myelf am a fan of horror movies , whih are highly predictable , so it ws a great satisfcion to se sch a complex fi .
e d completely bew me wy a I beeve it was the st pat of it .
The actig was smooth and credible .
Although it had bad critics , h movie ws well recive by the audienc ; not to mntin Jenier Lawrenc 's pparance right after the h of Hunger Gae was geat for dvertisng .
In conclusin , I highly recommend this film r those w like daa d lot twis .
Actually I intend to suy law bt sinc thee is no ' law ' in te sbjec choics so I hos economic .
I think ta a l degree is such a practical degree and ega knowledge is applicable almot everywhere .
I cose to study law becas I think that law is ver importnt in our scety .
ithout law , th old that we e living in wll not be in rde d peae , bt in hao .
I believe that every humn , oganiztion nd ompany ha their own rights d it is in my duty to use my legal nowlege to ep tem ro infrinement of hei rights .
My sud plan is to nterake a pre - university programm loally to prepae ysef r further tudies overseas .
I aspir to further my tudies in Law at he University of Cambridge .
I wol love to be in an intellectually stimulating enironmnt , being surrounde by the brghtest young mind rom al over the world .
In my opinion , th exchage of thoughts and iws etween all these brilliant pople is exactl ere a totally nw and creative idea wil sar .
Alost eve hom , office or scool has a compter of some ki these dy .
Many people fel ha hes macies are now an essential prt of our livs , but hw necessary ae thy really ?
One of t main advantages is the tme tt n be saved by usi a computer .
This is especialy benfiial in the orklace , where employees a do thr work far fstr han thy oul in te past .
In dition to this , ompuers can be educational nd fun .
From a very young ag chilren n gain asic computr sills throh prorammes tat alw hm to ear , draw , paint and ply .
In today 's technological orl , this knowledge c only lp them in e future .
Hoever , there are various negative aspcts to usin com - puters .
Many bs have ben lst u to th fact tht computes a do a o of tasks more efficienty than hmns .
This hs l to high unemployment in many untries .
Wh is more , computers can atually cause heal prolms .
Endless hors in frnt of a screen cn cause e srain and headaches , wich are serious side - effects .
To su up , it seems ta computers re a ueful additin to our fast - moig world of gh echnolgy .
Howvr , it must be emmbered at he e he to serve us - t to eplace us .
Social networking is a tl used by people l around he world .
ts prpose is to promote an aid communication .
owever I think that thi type of technology might be doing mo harm tha goo .
It is not only changing h we communict , but how we interct wth each other in daily li .
All social networks ve heir n pros and ns but ertainly tre re some socia networks tt afect ore tha oter .
In onclusio I n say tat th social network th ffects ppulaion h most is Faceok .
It ay be on the verge of repacing raditional ersonl interactions o h ext eneration .
It affects r lives in mny ways , including our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolations , friendships , d vn o ver own sense of manity .
On his ntorking site , ses create page at represent em in soe a .
Ty post pcures of themselves n their friends .
aceook has more d effets in adolescents han in aduls , tey are known to be more mature about what ty post and how they intera online .
It is mor likely that adlts woul , e the profie piures as a w of casually showing themselve , their famy , find ew cients for thr jb or possibly a recen trip tey took .
eenagers , however , se this technology in a way that culd be dangerous .
In this sge of their ives , tey cae mor about their need to impress their pees than mature reasoning .
Comments hat are left on ter pges mn re to them tn words said face to fa
dlts nd to teach teeager th importance of n buse fom using socal networks , pcially Facebook .
Teachs at schol may improve or restritions tht ke teeaers vid using ocia netwks in an exteely wa .
At work , osse a reduce emloee 's aaries if heir job get affected because of dstractions hat are produced by social networks .
Proposal to improve Schol 's acilities fo languge earner .
Itroductin :
h aim of his proposal is to make recommendations in ord to prove e school facilities .
Aspects such as space , iernet access and materials ill be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the sevice for stuents learning languaes .
First , an inspectio to the schoo 's failties was organisd , in odr to assess the school premis .
From the visit , it was concluded that een if the majority of tudent express stisfaction with the space , oe of tem wish to hve more classrooms hat alow a more rasonble numer of students per class .
Curetly , eah clss is ien to 50 stuets which limits tei oportunities to experience one o o activities that enhance the learning process .
It woud be advisable to accommodte class in th min buildin that ofrs enough space for smaller classes .
ecodly , It ws surprising to evdece an absence of Intrne acess in the ompter ro .
ve if he om counts wit a onsiderabl number of computers , e absence of Internet dos o give studns t opportunity to se the man websites useful to imrove thei language skills .
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet acces whch does t epresent a igh co for the academic oard .
The acess il gve learners t possiilit to use technolgical tools hat will ensur a better exerience whe learning languages .
Finly , authetic material in foreign languges as t oun in the shool 's liray .
It is crucial to provide sudets wh printed materil in the target nguage .
Magazines d newspaprs all learners to ave direct contact ith language in real coexts .
Tu , I suget to mae subscritions to international magazines in order to enric th schoo 's lbrary .
Cnclusio .
I strongly believe that if th suggesions mae in this popsal are given attention , the sevice ovided to laguage lernrs wll be strengthen and enhace .
I fe a ep sense of self - hatred d guilt !
How could I cut the rope ?
How woud the entire world in geeral and he moutaineerng fraternity in prtcular , judge my ecsion ?
I must be repared to abase myef in ont of the whole word from now !
I needed to survive in light of e fact at it was impossible to au Joe up to afty .
I cou have been pulled oer the snwy clf by J 's all , in my effort to pll m up insad .
I was t to blame o im having injured his g .
I tried to justify my own horrible actin .
I needed ome consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it was a step towad survial .
Picking yself up slowly after th numbes around my waist and hp h subsided ; I knew I had litl time to aportin bame to J or ysel .
After ll , we wre in a tem in searh of personal lory to be t first to ever cimb h west face of this Anes mountan !
I had to ook to help ; there as little time to los .
Perhs there was evry cace that Joe could hv survived e fall !
ly d kno !
So I began to ra in earnest .
I flt strong enog to move about , looking or my copas and map in the rucksack on my back .
Ever since I sartd learning Eglis I have found quite handy watching TV series , specilly thoe which a peectly subtiled , in ordr to ollow h lot properly .
In act , it is qui useful if you a atuall interested in improvin yur skils , wh it comes to listening and speakig .
On the othe ad , I ae ee in search of the series wich catches my attention and it too me vry long until I fially put my fing on it .
e TV series knn as Downton bbey is the est I ha ver se , d in h folowin lne I woud lke to explain wh .
It is set in ngand dung and after the First Wrd Wr .
The whole pl takes ace in t rea called Downton , te castle of Ea Lrd Gathm , his fmil an the servi staff .
Although the sor is focue on the Lod 's famly , te service has an important part to ply , as the world is canging coninuously ad the nobility is gtting ol - fashione .
Th ai point in thi seres is that eery charactr has been absolutely developed , wi its own characteristics and personalities .
Even e bacgroud is clevly coen what eances he intriguing a dramatic crpt .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie mih , whih is one of my favourite actress .
Because of all these rasons , I highly recommend takig int account Downton Abbey to be nluded in yo top e lis .
I wis to app for the Assistants & managment suppt for the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) poition as I elieve it is in perfect alignmen with my kill d professnal experience .
My penultimate position wa as chif execuie of a coany wi hotcomposition , which was followed by the creation of a pulication serice serving the " Sll Sd " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sen of oranization a easy daptaion to e environment .
My goal has alys been to comie eed wit quality , using od organizaio kils and an excelent maery of different tecnolgical tools .
I possess very good knowledge of pge layou software .
Furthermore , I am fluent in nglsh lanuge , ith oo writing sills .
Coscienious by atur , I always strve to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consitntly completing my asks .
In dditin , I am a em player it good interersonal skills .
I would be gad to further expand upon wh I can ofer in an inrview .
Yours aitfully ,
NB : In additio , in h ae of employment , I wud reeve an alowance of a participation of 50% of h salary or a period of tw yeas .
Dea Jo ,
It 's so nce to hear from you and I 'm so happy at yu are coming to Eypt this smmer .
Wel , irst of all , there a a lo of aciities you can do o fun , suc as visiting some historical places hat re attractive fo many tourits .
Since yu are coming in summer , you sold visit Sarm or Hurghada o so sea activities lie swimming , dvig and snorkeli .
About work , inc you a a ntive speaker of Englsh languae and you he and ide abou teaching nlish as a second lanuage , u can apply for teachng centers that offer jbs fr nate - spakes of Engsh nguage .
Tey il pay u a reaonable saly .
An it will be god preparation for your study at collge .
I he to ar rom y so .
Best ishes ,
Christin ,
Egypt .
I admi tht I do n't really ejo soap operas .
However , I le in Brazil a there is no way out he it coms to sop operas .
Bailian popl ae know for their creativy and enthusiasm fr soap peras .
The succes of he op oper pends on the theme , the peple ha to eather to relate to it or hae interest on it .
As a tyical Brazilian I have a favorite soa opera , is called Floribella .
The story is but a poor il cald loribela se is an eccentri sestress , se s amazing friend ad they have a band together .
h starts to rk for Mister Frederico , a young and wealh an who has three brthers to take care .
He is arrogant ut Flor is he only e who can calm him dow in difficut situaions .
She falls in ve with i , bt unfortunatey he is engaged nd s iancée is an awfu persn who lwys try to humiliate Fr .
I 'm afai to s ta this ap pera does n't have a happy ed and I did n't enjoy the ed eithe , but I still recommend it becaue it 's a beautiful love story n e charactrs are really ausig and h story is fny nd lovel .
Despite its end and l thers odds that it may hae , I 'm till a big fa of Flribell and I ca n't wait to watch it again on etfix .
You houd watch it o , so we ca iscus it gether .
And by h ay , te soundtracks r awesome , yo 'll be addicted to hem .
Takin ce of environment has become an essential ned in our dil life .
Countres , states , cities nd ev uicipalities are focusing on how to iclud gen plans in their uture or lns .
Corporate Soial Responsibiit ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of mssions statemets around the world .
Saying tha tkig care of e nvironment is ot only h cocer of citizens t also t nationa and international organizations .
As o my it , the myor gies environment is top priority an a ugeted pln der th process of implementation .
awareness sessions have been mad to xplai th difference among re - use , recycle and redce .
a iferent colo rah ba were distributed to citizens to be used at hom to separate the tra accrding to each material .
In additio to that , a law has bee enforced to pat a te in front of each bulding .
Als , ilm on soaring birds were played to explain the importce of birds in cleaning e amophere .
It is wrth to mntio that shool ae nsidering Environment sbect is part of he educatin sytem tt should be taught to sudents .
inall , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environmen is pat of my d my family aly life .
Trash distrbution , using gen products th repect he ozo ayer , not wasing war and ny other actions .
I am writing to apply r te position of assistant professor of English it an emphasis in ninetenth - century Ameicn literature that ou dverised in the February 20XX ML ob Iformatio List .
I am a ean 's Fellow and Ph.D. caniate at YZ Universit , currently revsig the final caper of my dissertation , a expeting to graduate in ay 20XX .
I am coniden that my teaching experien n my eseach interests ak me an ideal candidae f your opn postion .
Ovr the past fiv yeas , I have taght a arety nglish coues .
I ae taught a number of Americn iteature survey curss , as ell as wriin courses , icluding technical writing and firs - year writing .
I have extensive experience wrkng with ESL stdnts , as well as students it a variety of larning disabiliie , inludig dyslexa and dsgraphia , n disablitis lke ADD n AHD .
I prde myself in creating a cassroom nvirnment that accoodates t needs of my dividual students while still promoting a high lel of crtical thought d witin skills .
Some of my most saisying experiences as a teaher hae come fr helping struggling students to grs dificult concepts , rough a cmination of individual conferences , class activitis , n goup discussion .
I kw I would tive as a teach in yur college , due to yor belief in sall classroom size and individualized supor r students .
Not only does my teaching experience sit he nee of your schol nd dpartmnt , ut my researc interests lo it perfectly with your description of the ideal candidate .
My disertation proet , " Fern a Leve : Niteenth - Century emal Auhorial Sac , " xamnes he rse ad developent of Amercn female uthors in te 80s and 1850s , wth a particular fos on patterns of magazi publiatin .
I argue hat , raher hn eig ubmisive to the requirements of t edtr or publisher , femle authors in fact develoed a more transparently reciprocal relationhip betwen theselve d thi readers thn previously ha been asued .
I apply recent print - cultur ad book - istry theory to my readings of novels , aazine articles , letters , an diary entries by varius femal authors , wit a particularly focus on Sa Willis ( knn by her pseudonym Fany Fn ) .
I lan to develop my dissertaton int a book muscript , nd continue to research te role of female riers in antebellum magzine culture , with a paticular focus on the rise and infuene of feme magaie editor on lterry cltue .
My reserch interests have bo shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching eperience .
Las srin , I eveloped and taugh a curse on the history of prt culture in Amrica .
I cmined readings on hery an iteraure th addressed ssue of prit wh visits to ocal historical musms and archives .
My students conducted in - deth studi on particular texts ( magazies , newspapers , noels ) f their final papers .
I believe my intedisciplinry teacng tye , partiularl my ephasis on material culture , wuld fit in well with h interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
I am threfor cnfiden that my teaching experience , my skill in working with S and LD students , and my research nterests all make me an excellet candidate for te assistant professor of Engish posiin at B College .
I ve attahe my curriculu vte ad the two requsted smpl ublicaions .
I would be hpp to sen you any additina matrils such as letters of refeence , teaching evauations , ad past and propose course syllabi . I will be available to meet wit yo at either the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at yo convnince .
Thk you so mc for your consideration ; I look forward to aring from you .
Not so log g I watched fim called " 47 Rnin " .
T action take place in Jaan , in times of samuris a itches .
e in ro is a mysterious strange , betraye by evrone , sold int slavery , chosen by fate to administer revenge , will come on of 47 warrior that de eth .
ppearig from nother world he wl ri up against e darkness to protc his forbidden ove .
I liked this film because of any tings , but most of all I liked he costumes .
The we very different n vr colorful , t at the ame time oresponded with e time period of the fi .
With this film , I as able to e a clear ie bot tadiions d customs of that time .
I also liked he plot bilt on a ase of a Japanese legnd .
d I just oud n't fort to mention beautifu deortions and realistic specil efect .
I thi oher people will like it as much as I i , ecause it is a very interesin and exiting story about tre ove that lives through ie and space , and abot rea frienship ad loyalty .
A trasportation vehicle hat has canged peple 's liv .
That transportation exerts a far - reacing inflence on peple 's daily routines an ifestyle is rue .
Not ony that , wht rdes itself as the mst influntia vehicle - as most plic recognized - is the autmobile .
Ter a eople who have never ridden a bicycle , nd people who hve nevr been on an airlane but it would be had to fi a person wh has neer been in a c .
It is generally beeved that the inventin of ca leads to te disprsion of the populaion out of rba centers , to he rwth of th suburbs .
Prio to the automobil , is the horse d wagon life , it is not feaibe for pele to li ar frm teir place of wor .
Te growth of the sububs changed the ce of American society , briing it it a whol different wy of life .
Mreove , it leads to an important xpansio in commerce , resultng in the growth of the ubquitou shpping mals , departmen stores , servg as a poerful ul to touris .
What greatly increased mobility leds to significant changes , additionally , is in arious lifestyles .
eing ab to live far om one 's workplace , people could travel a and wide fo pleasu and indulge temselves in a remarkable trip .
It may be or a dy , a wek , or a period of tie .
In the urban city , h car is by far he most comn mode of tranportation an has greaty imated the growth of the tourist ndstry .
We ar beinnin to see peple in countries with ca goig ut of the ity on weekends and holidy .
Though big go enoh , et the growth of population ad mobility do not tell the whole sor .
Ti owerful vehicle is ounte vial f nother reason : eng an indispensable factor in my aspects .
It is th y that supports many industrial filds , such as steel , machinery , plastic .
Th who business success would not hav met perfecton wihou the help of transpotation to istribute heir materials and commodities wl .
Lat but t least , the oomig prosperity oft parallel te numbers of job in e city .
Although other foms of transportation ay be more comfortable , non ha chand h w we do business and liv or lives more tha h car .
Thanks to the speed , excitemen , and convenience of the cs , our lives a enriched .
Travelling to Jpan throgh fd !
The newe Japanese rstaurant in town - Ohana restauant is te lac to be on a Fria ight .
Is tosphere is that of an old Buddhist temple situated on a mountin somewhere in Japan .
Th stff 's lotes re beautifully oloured nd believe it or t , l of tem are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
The moment yu pass e ue wode doors , the music sets you back in Meiji Era and yo feel like you are aut to meet a very important samurai .
What ade it a success was te eu d te id variety of Japanese fo .
at I particulaly ppreciaed as tha o can st around he chefs and wach hm prepre he foo .
It 's reall elicius !
Unfortunely , the muic was a i oo lou r my tas .
fte eit o'loc , a professional band of musicians trt playing traditional Jpaese mic and it can be a bit lud .
They ned to fcus on tat a bit re .
However , overall I thnk that this ne restaurant a th potential of boming vy popuar in a hrt time due to e food and the great atmosphere .
e staff is so very iendly .
Y reall ould go nd t ti amazig restaurant at the firt opportunity .
I fully inten to go the next time I ae he chace d tr the Hokkaido tto .
JOb and social lif bt py important roles to pu people 's lives togeher .
Some peple tend to think ht ther jobs have mor effect on their happiness , while oter sm to believe that thr social li has more of an influence .
In my oinion , my social interacto aances my ie mor tha doe my working experience .
As a result , I believe that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
hee are seral reasons to suppor my position .
Firs of l , family ad friends whom we lv alay ofr their support to comfort us .
With te increasing coptition in the workplace , pole ar oe and more stress .
Th copanonship of our lved ople is always t best solution to release our pressure .
For example , every y it seems tha an extremely tigh deadline is lways chasing ater me , and makes me breathless .
Meanwhile , I alay feel exhused d baely have ay energy to talk with anyoe aft a long day ro the wor .
However , I always c recover my energy aft havig a little nice chat wit my family or friens .
Therefore , the happiness brought from my socil connectons helps to aleviae th stes related to work .
In addition , ttending social civities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
Tae my yoga las for exaple .
Sice I joied th yga studio , I have de a lot of e friends .
eside oga , os of them also have numerous oter interests , li hiking , joing , nd bain .
Meanwhile , they are friendly an willing to shar their knowledge with me .
ot learning new knowedge nd making new friends mke me fel delighted .
Therefor , an ative socil life not nl bnefit my mental health b also keep me in a good mood .
Lsly , soe people ay think th co - workers atrally melt into u socal lf since we ped so mch tme in the workplace .
Tis might suggest that bing surouded by peple at ork it whom we need to socialize wol ve mor of an effect on ur eoions .
However , most of h tie peple ep a good relationship wi ther co - workers in orer to accoplish their mmon tsk harmonusly .
On the oter hand , eople ae willi to discus serious matters wi their family a friends beaue of their shared bnd of tru .
or exmpe , we talk abu something tivia , sch as grip , and gossip , with our colleage .
Conversely , we share our eepest orres a roblem wth ur cose family nd friends because we are n araid of exposing or weakness to those people om we trust .
At t ame me , we wil also pay more atetion to t people whom we love .
Therefore , he mr eeply ur emotions inteact , the mor trmenously our happines is influened .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in lie experiences , n motioal nteration , I gee with e statement that t social life h mr of an effect on my hppines than does my occupation .
In othe wrs , en ough I can get temporary happnes from accomplishing a ork task or ganng a compliment rom my co - workers , personally I think I obtain mor permanent njoyment ad satisfaction from ngging and interacting with the peple tha I love .
As a rest , I believe tha my social if influences my personal happiness more thn does my job .
A balaning act
he doorbl rang .
When I opend he door imaine my surprise ... Thre w a lrge box staning in ront of the door , adresse to me , while I had never eceived pckages befre !
The only pot ever sent to me ws an annivrary card , st by my grandothr beore he passed away .
Stil a bit surprised , I grabbed h x up , hich poved to be no picnic , as it et as if it ha ben filled th roks .
Nontheless , I managed to remove the ox fm the grun d staggeed tough t dorway , in h diretin of the living room .
While waling , I paid l my attention to carrying the box .
If only I had looked a bit betr where I placed my fet ...
Anyway , I dd n't notice te skateboard which la in fro of my fe .
When I stepped on it , I st my balnce d e bo fell on the ground .
I hrd the sond of baking glass .
mmediately , I opened th box d found a short lete , saying : " Dea ae , here 's the inheriance frm ou grandmother : her glass tea srvice ... "
Thre is no doubt hat travelling by car is e most comfortable option , but claiming tht public transport ha no uure is too mch .
May people use public transport on a diy sis .
There are pople w wold n't be ale to ravel if it was n't fo publc transport .
Children and eldes ca n't av a driing license , so if they need to go somewhere , using ubic trnspot is their only option .
Travelling by car is als very detrimental for e evironment .
In bg ciies , th ai is ery polled because tre a to my cars . ravlling by public transport lower the impact on t environment , something th mst pepl ae aare of , t stl they prfr to use heir o vehicle .
Using puli transort can al sv me , since o do n't have to spend tie lookig for a plce to park your a .
I definitely thnk ht public transport wil coninue to be very impotant in he future .
In general , opping is sociated with smehing pleasant , b ufrtunately this is not alwas true .
hre are some reasons why peole eave ho in a a od , or een do n't wn to ge in them .
Shopping is not always njoable .
Fo some people , shopping is one of tir obigatios .
For others it is overall a plesant experience he ca o enjoy as much as they would ie .
rstly , shpping may be uncmfortble , because more oten han not we can hear thr tiring music , saewomen an be to intrusiv and the queue usually e very long .
Sometimes women go to the ore , just to watch te new stff , to lok arund n questins skd by sellers me us anry .
In addition , shopping is also a prlem for me .
It is said that the man , ho go shopping more tan n hu is angry a tie .
Sometimes it is also a troule o omen , who want to go shopig wih r patner .
To sum up , doing shopping is inevitable , so we can mae veryay shopping mo enyable .
For xapme , we can take at least one family mebe wit us .
Tis is a great oppotuity to ped se quality time togther , excange ideas and opinions ; opt for eening shopping , spcifically aut alf an our bfor the stores cose if u wan to avoid g crowds ; if possibl , choose ony one stre o ou everyday sopping .
Goin frm e store to aother c aste yur time , cost o a lot in ga , as ll as mentally ad physially exhaust yu ; whe it comes to roducts that yu regulry use , buying in bulk is te best option y hav , sic ta y ou t a bgger quatit for a lower pie ; or just choose online shppig - is a great way to me yr purchases from the comfort of yor own home , wihou hain to go t on a rainy day , deal wh noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) cowds , pnd mony on s and wit in uge lines .
Fist of ll I would like to begin th givin so informaion bou the city where the place that o wil be visiting belng to .
The ciy of Ianbul is one of the aous and crowded cities of rkey which cnstitute the counr 's economic , cultural , ad historical eart .
The ppulation of Istanbul is ovr 20 million n Istanbul is among the largest cites in th wod by populatio witin cit limits .
Historical eninsua is the centre of acient Istabul whre t or major emirs a een ruled from .
hre are mny hitoricl paces in t Historical Peinsla such as moues , chches an palas .
The os impotant ones e Hagia ophia , Tokapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosqe , Sulemaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilia Cistern , eyazit Toe d e Sie Bazar .
In order to gi brif infrmatin on them I wul lke to touch on some of the .
Hagia Sopha wa built as a cathedral in 3 , convrte to a mosque ter the conquest of Istanbul , now is beig used as a museum .
Topap aace was buil in 1470 's and Ottoman Emire a uld fm th plae for 30 year .
The ran Bazr is one of the largest covered mrkets in the old d it has more than 4,000 shops .
It is well known fo its jewellery , pottery , spice , leather d carpet shops .
Basilica Citrn wa built in the 6h century d is e largest of sevral hundred ancent cisterns that til lie beneath he iy of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 eter , with capaiy of holig 80,000 cubcl meter of water .
Beyait oer is 85 mer lcated in th courtyard of Istbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Sqare .
The Spice Baza is the second argst covered bazaar aftr e Grand Bazaar .
It stands nex to Yn Moue .
You an find may types of sces , herbs , nut , Turih delght , c .
Acuall I wa asked to recommend nly n place , but Hstrical Peninula is already an area where those historical distincts got togeter .
I hope the iven information is seul for you .
Dear Si or Mad ,
I am writing in regard to some importan documents I lft in your hotl room during my stay .
Lst wek , I joine the C&A meeting as ne of he major eakers .
e folowing cnersation wa so enging ha I forgot t time and , as a result I got late f my departure to Chicago .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical documents .
I am not copletel certain , bu I remember that t la ti I kept them ws near the ti bue tabe loate at h lft orer of he rom .
I am contacting you becase thoe papers r sensitive to my company .
Thefore , I ed those aper .
As you can imagine , ty ae confidential d hey hould be handle with cautio .
I feel extrely oried not to have picked them up . I would be vry graefl if yu could he a ok in the roo .
If you fun them , could u en them to my ofie by post ?
I am wling to pay for otal chargs .
I am looking forward to hearin om you soon .
You faithfully ,
Jon X.
Everybody h goas hat they wan to achieve .
Having goals in lfe will make ones ' life meaningful an puroeful .
As for my reams for the upcmig years , I hik I ave to dreas in lie that I will do my best and ty hard to relie .
They e studying in an Enlis niversiy aboad ad becoming a programmer .
First , I ant to aend an English university abroad .
Being able to study in an English university will gi me h opportunity to get a etter job ad an exciting experince .
As we all know , nowadays , English proficiency is on e list of the required klls to be employed and the market hihl demands it .
Secondly , he experence one gets fro a multicultural medium is very valuable nd mke one more matured .
d I fel that only an overseas English universi can ofer tht .
eond , I want to be employed as a programmer .
there are many reasns why I at to be a programmer .
primarily , because being a developer is my dea job an secondly because deelopers ke a lot of oney .
I wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years l .
I was fascinated by ths fld of science .
In addition , aring a fair mount of mne is essential to building my if .
For example , if I at to mrry in te utre , I have to be ale to send my ids to a dece schol ad provi them wth what th want . t to entin wedding part expenses .
To su it up , graduatng fr an Englis university an thn becoming a programmer are currently my mine aims .
Having a od ob d a high salary will make my life richr and more waring .
th th adent of inivdually wne vehcle lie the car , an idividual 's dpendece on publc transort has certainly reduced .
Hower , with ta bein sid , in my opinio , there is sill a lo of future fr publc transport .
I 'd lik to ihlight e factors tht old support my opion in a erain order that pertains to a wier acceptane .
First of all , from a st perspective , ublic tranport is uc cheape compared to a a , especily when a cost reduction conpt like ' car pooling ' is no fllowed .
The financial benefit that public transport givs to th cmon man is secod to none , espeally in cmon stuations like og disnce commutes for daily work .
In addition , from a ' time savis ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in recing rafic n elping pele rea tir detinatins qicer by avoing being delay in raffic jams n light .
From an environmental sandpoin , use of public transport ensures that carbo emissions rm automoiles are preventd hlping in prserving th balance of naure even in bg cites like Toky an Delhi where the caon emissis are very igh .
Modern TV is worth every pound
Cookery prrammes , flms , ocumentaries , talkshows … It 's cle ta hee are lts of dfferet programmes on TV nowadays .
Myb yo think of eleviion as a wst of money .
In tha ae , I can guaantee you ht tody 's tll is deinitly worth the mony .
It 's true that there ar ts of epats on TV nd the may be any pogrammes o regard as poo quali .
However , hre 's always a channel tha sends out a new episode .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find soe progrmms o like bewen all e trash ecaue of the wide ariet .
In aditon , the price of watching television for a whole oth is mh lower than h prie of tikets f th cinema to watch a ilm for only two hours .
Mreove , when yu sit in front of the TV in yo n hue , you wo n't get irritated by strange , hih m happen in e cnma .
In my opinion , TV provides sometin r veryone 's taste nowadays , incding god uality prgammes , for a reasonable price .
It shold be possible for eveyone to ejy wacing teevsion !
Da Mr. Tpple ,
I am writing in reponse to your advertisement in toda 's edition of " The China ews " to apply fo the poitin of Club Organizer .
During t past fi years I ave been orgnizin several event not jt in England b also in he Unied Sttes and Portugal .
I have a gre deal of experience working mainly it peole between the ages of 18 nd 30 ears ld .
oweer I have ao previously worke wi oder pepe .
As well as being ar working and methodical , I am organize .
Furthermore , I have an excellent reltionshp with the pople I wrk ith , athough I vey oftn srike people as bosy and unfiendy .
As a matter of fact when you get to know me better , I am ver hpful .
Pease ote that I am available to atten an interview .
I ey much hope o will take my pplication ino consideraion an I ok forward to hearing fro you .
Yours Sinerely ,
Cristiano Nazario Tejada Curiel
Tday i wt to al th u abut th process of making bank notes .
We ue cash everyday and it is of great mportnce to u dal lie .
Also , we need to know w it is made .
Firstly , something about designin must be taken into considerain .
Not only te backgond color u also the artwrk we need to choose .
Apar fr tt , we also ned to degn scuity iues .
Secondly , we have to do som preparatio of meta plates .
After ht , we now need to pnt it ut .
A shee icludes 50 ban notes .
very bank note suld be coloured bh sdes and we ven eed to use speial ink in ca of been copied .
Finll , afer bin prined , every bank ot needs to be manuly ispected .
Some god quality sheets wil be packed and distributed to the market t e d shets wuld be disposaled .
ybe her would be some partially damaged sheet so the bak tes will be eparaed into good a b .
The mn features of these bank notes a good qulty and efor made by bank workers .
So do n't lk down on th bank notes in yo nd now , tey e precious .
Peter looe at his watch and knew that he ad to do soethng imeiately .
Te day before , he nd his t best friends , Loui nd uca , were playing footbll nea the poie station , when Louis n Lucas started arguing with eachder .
It went o of contrl nd they tared fighting .
Peter rye to stop them but it ws impossile , so he tried to nd somebody to separate them .
He d n't ond anyone so he grabbe Louis and tried to calm hem wn .
Lucas wantd to apologise and forgt ha happen but Luis a really hungry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
Peter lt go of ous bcause he hoght tt it was safe , but Luis cuht e ball ad trie to it Lucas .
The al wet straight the police station indo and broke th glas .
Per got so scared hat n away .
Louis go caught and tld the cops that Luc w th one at a boke it .
The police et to school to ta ih Lucas a y to find a fare punishment .
Pete kew hat ucas was n't guilty but he nd Louis were st friens since the elementary chol , he d to do hs decisin n he only had t miutes until thy ook Lucas to the police station .
etr got up and told the ops hat really append , ouis tried to excuse himself u it was too le .
Louis a to pay the winw and also lan te school 's canteen f two months , bt he relize th what he di ws rng so he apologised to Lucas .
They decded to frget wht happened ad stay friens .
The d .
Sh went ino the " reading oo " whee ere were thousads of books d he i betwe two huge bookases .
It seemed that te man in t wheelchair as looing fo somting ut suddnl , he took a couple of bos nd u into a hien pocket in his wheelchar .
Qickly , Angie ran to e store detetve to tell im wht she had seen .
Unfortunatly , t thif w mo intelligent th them because whe they ee speaking , he could ru wy wih the oks that he a ut solen .
Ane n the stor detective ran ter " te fls disabled " bu he was yoner d obviously , he an fast .
When it seemed impoible to catch i , a girl , ho was crossig the stee in a wheelchair , rashed nt the thief an he fll dwn on t paviment .
ecause of this , the store detective could catch te tief and recovered a bok .
To expres r ratitue , Aie clled h gi as " honorary customer " of er ooksop ad gv h a cie noel colectin lik a present .
Whn th Amrcan series ' House ' was firstly broacasted on TV , it immediately hooke th audine .
The unusual scenario and te get actor Hugh Laurie made the result really innovative for a TV sere .
It is bsed on Dr. Grery Houe , a reputable iagnostcian wh uss stange and soetimes inpropriate approace in order to ind out what is ron with hs patient .
He ny agrees to take over cse noboy else col solve and most of t ti he cceeds .
Due to an unsuccessul surgery he had on is lg , he is addicted to painkilers whi he makes severl attmpts to dtox from motiatd by his only friend Dr. Wilso , u he never eally wat to so he ets adiced again .
He is sarcastic and often mean , wic drives eopl way fr him .
Neerthless , he is willng to do literry anything to save a atint 's live , although sometimes he os to fa .
The seies hd a great apal on any countries , which is emonstrated by the ight seasons tht were produced .
is evolutionar behaviour a te fact that he let nood restran him are e reasons for th series huge success .
Also , e medical cases e intriguing n althugh someone it no meial knwledge may not undestan uh , the struggle to save a erso 's li capturs veryone 's intrest .
Th innovative aspec of ' House ' is ha he oten tas illegl tion , for example reakng nt a patien 's house to investigate enviomental fctos , which may ave caused e particular disease a ardy ve is he punished for it .
I blieve it well deserved sc ppularity , as aprt from its scenario , it wa on the hole quaitative .
My only objectio is that it smeties went oo fr which de e audience dislke Dr. House .
Nevertheless , it distint from other medil seies as he constantly hiks out of the ox .
e rst ti I knew about voleyball , I wa in my ls Scondar School yr n we ere invited to cheer up a loal team during a egioal Tornamen in Lia , Pru .
I was mazed with the tmophere at th Coliseum , wih s shiny wooden court , the nis people around it , tat shap oud of e referee 's hstles ... hn I decie to ake up t game .
I never imaied how hard the training was , ho tiring and demanding h exercises were nd o dificut to control te ball was .
Once I t fiter nouh , I started enjoyng the gam , lening its strategies , developing personal and gup klls ad having f at the same tm .
I would strongly reommed t yuth to ae up hi sport .
They will soon be engaged in a healthy , eiant d never boring activity and also will deveop stron bonds with each oth , responsibility and copromise .
Volleyball is te est sport er !
Introduction
The aim of this proposal is to prsent suggestions regarding he was in whih the exra funding could be us if h benefit of the student and , idirectl , in he benefit of the local community .
Needless to sa , in rde to combat e risin tide of the social problems in Hampshire , the Eucation Authority decie to incrasd funds fo h educational sector .
prts lub
Sprtive activities might boos the suent 's overall condtio and ths is the reason why hey are necessary .
It is well known that physical activity ontributes to improving physical and ental halth .
Drama Club
Tis kind of cb will allow students to express ther feling in a nn - violent mannr , ler ho to manag hei reactions nd devep creatve tlet .
A drama club will make exminin plays uh as Shakspeares ' ore enjoyable thn solely stdyin hm wl .
Cokey classes
Cookery classes are very important because students hre are yung adults that nee to have asc slls such as cooking or order to manage themselves an ve an independent lif .
Cooking clsses will helps students spen ess money on eating o and thy wil start eating heathier becaus by making their wn food ty il be more aare of what they r aing .
DY Classes
" Do it yourself " classes improve pratical skills .
As most college students il soon leave fr university and will live in dorms , wthout their parents , he re obliged to solv malfunctions by themselves .
The infrmation they acquired during these corses will hp te o the est of the lvs .
Citizenship lases
Another kind of classes that a necessary e citizenship casses as tengers nowaday are eicient in this fel .
These corses wi develop t vic sense of students and thy wil strt involving actvely in socty .
Conclusion
The overall prpose of these actions is to keep oun duts in shoo ad to eucte the .
The Education Authority belives tt social rblems are linked wt a decrease in participation in xtra- curricular activities d it suggests that the collee should use exra funding to solve is ssue .
Organising clubs and ouses such as th ones mentioned above would ensure the mprovement of the situatio .
TV Today : chance or hazard ?
Today 's tlevison is e paradigm of our society , because of dozens of ne channels constantly popping up and nly a vey few control are doe on the quaity of wha it 's actually broadcat .
So TV , which could be an invaluable souce of information a entertainment , actually is becoming a i isue to the development of r socey and new geerations in particua .
The ptential risks for ou nw geneations
Having an es access to such a rih offer efore haing developed the abilt to operat corct choices or filter h information received , o kid ad juniors are constantly under atack of agerous bhavior models , being attracted by the nes h seem te mt wnning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if the c be taken as a guide to their growth or o .
The absnce of e rents or h fat he usually have no control no ay to drive ther choices makes me vey worried aout th future of or society .
ack to the full poential
It 's not too le , togh , to ry to hav or beloved TV bk to the importance which radio d for our prens and andparents , we nly need to see it as a potntial e socil problem a art a rocess of cntro ad continuous improvement , maybe gving e most virtuous networks th hace to be ighlighted .
I believe hat if public transport has no futre , then our environment will not hve it eite .
Te a is sometime rresented as an ico of freedom ; moreover , wning a modr r is sometims reled to wealh .
Compared to he e of public tranort , o can no dey te cnvenience of uing a r fr mong rond .
However , h use of public tasport , especially in hih density cities , llws people to save time hie commuting to thei study or wokplae , as trins ad ram do o gt uck in traffic jams .
It not only hlps reducing polltion , but also allos ers to se oney , in a orl wee the st of gasolin is expoentiall increasing .
I eleve ht people should limit the u of their cars ol to special occsios , sch as oa trips or long - weekend eisur activits .
Only by oig so , we will hel to preerve our atmosphere free of C emissions , ad all the ri consequences they have .
Dear am director ,
Helo , my na is Zabri .
I read abu ur ummer camp in the internet and I woul oe to work with you .
I m 16 years old , tall , extroverted , ver energetic nd cherfu and fridly .
I lv is , a i m ver otgong .
I thn I can be very helpful to yr amp , helin o takig cr of e ds a also helping o in he kitch beause I really loe to cook .
Besides , I really ned the one for my faily .
But I am doing this because I really noy creing activities with kds a havin a great time with hm .
Wh I a younger i went to a amp , and it was n of the best memries I av so it would be really ret to nw I woul mae me ids make he same way .
I real hoe you accept me in your cmp , and I wa with excitment your esponse .
Tan you .
Toa , I 'd lke to share with you a small bt histric story , also together wit my w view on it .
I hope you wud like it .
In te historical rir , thee s a dynasty called n , drin whc is story took place .
A ltte oy called Lucky ag , howevr , w t so luy as his name uggsted .
In hi ealy age , he los i mothr to illness .
As a rsul , in ode to be ue at he col et the same love from mher lke other childre , is father married anoher woman .
On the contrary , h fact was inconsistent with wat he expected .
Lucky Wn 's stpmothr wa sch a ake - hearted oman that e did as man crel things as she could to tortre this poor by .
One day in an especially chilly winter , cky Wang 's stmother g si suddny .
Nt concerning the hrs environment bt h own appeite , se commanded Lcy Wan ma a delicious meal wi fresh fsh .
In desperatio , he tepped to e iver bank .
Seeing th frozen war srfac , he could do nothing but r .
As time lw , the un san little by little , whch made Lucky Wa el mr and more helpless .
So depressed was Lucy Wg that he mply lay on e ce with eeping .
It was exactly hen he a hesitatng whether we ome to face the beatings fm s sepmothe or not that o craps leped up ot of h ic a flopped to e bk in fro of him .
Surprised and deligtd , t o took e fish me and prepare delicis fish so fo his stepmother .
Moved by this itle boy 's ilia devotion , s stepmothr changed e attitue nd state to love him fom e dep eart .
Ever since then , what fille this famly is just appness and love .
After listening to the mal stor , so people ere deeply med by th hapy ending , however , thers thght it was unralistic .
No mater wt te ct was , or vn it eer hapened , the ory js wanted to ephasize t importance of Filia Piety .
Even if it a a ictio , the goal to ake all t eole in the society be filial coul also be achieved , which wod keep th society armonios as el as oderly fr a long tme .
Also , it was the goenors ' terminal purpose .
Only through hs cultural education combined with her ay , col hey kep ther government eneration by generation as thy expected .
How to ensue an adequately fnanced retirement ?
I am an assetive an proactive gir who is plugging aay towards a reat number of goas .
However , sometimes , whn I am thinking out my future , it is had to imagine what is waiting for me .
I want to live to a rip old ag , u at the am ie I am afraid of it .
Or societ is becoming an increasingy elderly n .
It is in fahin to have a small faily , but have yo vr thought about roblem it may cause ?
he greaest one is e burden of financng care .
At thi a nd age it is flling on te taxpayers .
It oes not boos their confidence in future perspctives .
We often hear tan no obstal is er insurmountable , however , is it true ?
Sooner or latr we will face the muc .
Only in that moment we ll understand tht we ae e of he millions pensioners h need a l of different sevices to liv as flilled and independent if as we deerve .
We cn ot b Peter to pa Paul .
e tapayers try not to go agains the stablihment .
They hel r aing ppulation , but we should make ome ne reorms to sbsidis e shortfall in our budget .
Otherwise , this situation will have a etrimntal effect on th tapyers .
First of l , it wil be a go da to encourage young peol to strt sain ony as soon as posble .
In sh a w hey can remain alert and no matter wha will appn .
Yesterdays ' perified me wll become coniden .
Seondly , e state can take 5 percet fro every salary .
Te pensoners will receive their mone he thy retire .
It wll be on - lasting bnefi fr both parts .
Our state ill hav a lage sum of money which is an invalable souc .
On the oer hand the pensioners will be sre in tir future .
h cr of the matter is to start thes reoms n .
The a of the jungle is ot ppropriat here .
Eeryoe shoul thnk not jst about h benefit , but aout othe .
We can not me a kiling immediately .
Hover , step by step we wl work our wa up .
Firstl , I have to say that I dsagre about th tatemet " here is no future r public transort " . I think pubic transport hs lots of advatages , moe an travelling by r .
You do n't ave to earch r parking and you do n't ve to a r parking .
You only he to be aware of hen leae ou public tansport and be here a couple of minutes beore .
o can reax whe ou are travellin , listening music or reading a bok .
Fnally , travelling by ublic trasort is gneraly heper thn avelling by c .
Maybe you sed me urs than travelling by car t I think it wrt it , bcase yo can sve money .
I usually travel by pblc trnsport and it is the half of he cot thn if I do it by ar .
So , I thk t staement woud be like thi " Thee is no future r travelling by car , beaue public transport is so mch more convenient n chear " .
I 'm ot a huge an of sports in eeral , ut I do take pleasure in gaging in smllr scl basketal maches , most of wich would probably al ito the so - caled ' street ' ctegor , or steetbll to be more specifi .
It takes a higher lvel of creatviy n spontaneity to succeed in it tan your usual basketball match , since is flexil rules , no - coah system , intensified relationship between he player ad e crod , and reduc number of participants wie an complexify ts field of possible actions .
The ' stle ' factor of it ( or " aestheti alu " if o will ) as plas an important role , gan , intensifying e relationship betwen team and te cowd wle grantin the peasre of contemplating and executig flong movement sequences , inishing a play , or just stylishly ocking your opponent .
Not to mention th social bonding abilty of it , whil on ga teion bewee the oppsing teams is somewhat inevitable , e ireverent , hua , no srings ttachd nature of streetball events always cmpensae t negativ aspects ( wic , upon closer inspection , rval to be shared between very sigle sports even ) .
It is a fu , culturally - enriching experience wich I recommend ayne interested in goi eyod th competitive spec of pots to engage .
The health of teeagers : a latet roblem
Nowaays , it sems ha teeager are less ealthy than young people who lived 20 eas ago .
esearhers have claimed that new genration ae likely to suff from more diseas .
u is it really so ?
Frsty , eenagers today et lot of junk ood , which is definily harmful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Moreover , thy fen smoke and dnk alchol , whi produes seriou physal and mental diseases ( Casolumbia , 20 ) .
Furthrore , teenaers hv changed ter life styles d now the ar generally seentary , since they u their comuers or ath TV a ay long instead of doing sports .
Nevertheless , governments caim that thy owadays a moe aware of th importance of halth than in the past .
For instnce , in Cil e prgrmme Elige Vivir San tre to improve t eating habis of yong people in eucational institutins , where fun activities are pooted to students by integraing healthy ivig ( Elige Vivir Sano , 01 ) .
Lastly , everyone mut understand that good health is above eath .
arents a cildrn should be informed aout th s of drugs and junk food consumptio , in orde to rais awarenss n improve their quality of fe .
Travelling by cr is great .
We can personalise u needs and ishe , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends a family members , eatin d drining nd stopping o od or toilet needs aytime , anywer .
On t one hand , pblic tansport is mr convenient or arge cities as it provides ervice to a lrger number of peole ad we avoid traffic jams and e ned to in arkig spots , besides e fat that we wo n't gt worried about leaving our cars prkd on the street and , when we ome back , the a cld have ben robbed or stoe .
On the ohe hand , car end to pollute ore ha electric trains ad such problem ough to be take it consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a ca .
The worl is getting smaller r eople ih so many cars aound ; it 's about time evryone thought about the comunity and nt bot themselves .
The government ought to pan campaigns to make people aware of tht n t to find way to reduce transport fars .
Wi both sides benefitng , t utur of ubic transport will be se .
blic trasport s been improved to such an xtnt that nowdys it is obably competing with pivate transpor .
Although we can choose mre destinations an it is moe comfortable , prices e not competitive enough to definitely substitute th ar .
Amon l t mans of transport , the rai hs bcme the ost imporan public transport for short nd middle distances .
Withu a dubt , og distance journes are bet carrie out by ple .
Whn consiering the bus , users feel that it oes n offer an advantages copared to the ca d it is tken when no other otion is possible .
As I e it , drivers elly appreciate e freedom of choosing her destinain , the time to eave or to arrive , ee the eople to go wi .
If ot , ty would not make he investmt of a car , pay t maintenance cost d ue .
Ideed , the ublic trnsort cost for te sme journey done by car hardly rcoves t amount invested .
More n me , the l shortage aes price r ul incrse so oes r transport ; economic policy of importing countries ten to stalish avig easres in ordr to be strategically less dependent .
Moeove , considering pollution , priate transport eems to be muh more difficult to manage because it is an ndiviual decision .
In he ner future , hi at will be seriousl akn io account by governments .
To sum up , fture generations ll hav to fe t challenge of a sutainabl wrd and surey public trnsprt will play an portant le .
Ch & Creative Dessrt Lounge
TU Dessernt is an awesome esset lounge on 16/F in h w L Square building in Causeway y !
I fund out bot this new shop rm frids a piturs onne so I decided to cm heck it ou for myself .
As I ha arrivd just as they op at 1 pm , I had h hle place to myself .
T mority of h space was tken up by a U shp marble counter where customers c st and obsrve eir desserts being made .
Several lounge sofas ere avilable on the sd f bi grous to sit tgeter , u the vie as hat cugt my eye as e floor - to - ceing windo lt in a at amount of naturl liht .
The atio is proaly a bit narow to lace tbles outsie but eope c go ot d enjoy the view when te eaher is cole .
The decor was very simple and ic with abstract paintings hanging on he wall hich ould alude to he tyl of dssers bein served here .
I statd hatting with the chef who ld me that he wanted to srt a dessert ouge or peope to eax and njo essert .
He felt ha a lot of places out ere ted to mk h experiene to rush whre you have to line up for an hr a finish eatin in ie 20 minutes befoe the kick y out .
There are curntly 9 desserts offered on h men with prices rngin rom $ 108 to $ 138 whle thee is lo t famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I old n't decide wh to g at first becaus hy al sundd so interesting so I askd the chef for eommendations .
He recommned te Bamb Charcoal as the thm is chocote wih a perfect for me !
Each dessert coes with some appetizers to leanse our alate .
he test tube containd watermelon juice wi se salt whch w er rfeshing to drink in the sumer ea .
The alt roght u te sweetness of th watermelon hle working as a balancing ent so he jui wod ot be too sweet .
I was told ha t drik / soup chages fequntly depending on what wud be suitable at h moment .
ambo Charcoal ( $ 8 ) - I got to ath e chef as he prepared my dessert at t ounter and I s getting or and more exited to taste i artful presentation as it cae to life !
It lierally oked like a iec of absract art paitin .
This wa a chocolate theme dessert wih baboo charcoal c crm , chocoate e marshmall , choolate aviar and raspberry sorbet .
I did n't know ht caroal c cream uld tate like but it was actually chocolte mixed with a it of charcal .
Th chocoate flavo as rich bt t too weet while the raspberry orbe s delightfully tat and tang .
My surprise avorite s the mcrowave spone ck that the chef dded at h ast minute .
He told me that this is a new metho of making songe cke in h microwav that results in ve fluffy texture whch would be hard to achieve in a rditional ove due to temperature constran and timing .
It was very light and flffy hle stil full of flvor !
The dessert also came it a choce of coffee or tea so I opted r h Lim Flower & Lavende Te at tir ecommndation as el .
My tea was brought out with teat and a mall hourlass timer hre I am suppse to wait 3 minutes befe I shol por the tea .
e smell as wondro fr the lavender hile he favor was almt mint - like d refrhing to drink .
They also ffered me some hone to d it my t en I thugh it was n't flavorful enogh at first .
Vrict - I s ery impressed with e desses at ATUM Dessant as he were delightful f both te eyes and the mouth !
It wuld be perfct if they served alcol as well and hey od me tha they are in talks with h building management to do so .
The price was n't ceap o dessert but if u tk into th entire eperiece nd comard to wat y pay f driks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparabl actually .
They als told me that they lan on introducing a nw tea e meu uing e day so stay une !
I ca n't wait to go back n try l of their dessr flavors !
As th days go by , more discoeies are beng unearthed in a apd pc .
h majr thing I magne wil be fon in he next 50 years is magic .
Some advantages are given in the folowig passe .
For example , we will be ae to trave through tim .
mgine looking at Shakespeare in his nglish class , Einstein in i first cienc css ad Pcaso pikig up his paintbrush f the ve frst tie .
We ll not ly wtess l of the greatest ments in time u lso correct te mistakes we ae .
Noeheless , thee are some disadvantages . If a peson possesses t magic power ha is t powerful o thrs to fend themselves fm , he or sh an basically rule the world .
Additionall , terrible war wil break ut if one sie of t magc possessors get greedy and t to ke way other pple 's powers .
In the end , the iscovery of new thngs can never come to an end .
hus , we should prpae ourselves for whatever is comn in he future .
Dea mum ,
It has been a long whi ince I lst met . u nd da .
Hope things are winding don o you ell !
Plese do nt worry too much bout me , I am haig a joyos time here in Japan .
Undenably , the food culture disparity bewen hina and Japan is tremendous , although ur ancestors were orginated fr the sa ethic .
But till , o customs had ovled a ot .
Du to the geographicall conditions where Japan is located side Pacifc can , people ere re aapte to eat raw ih n wol like to put it as a man dish to sve customers in mot estaurants .
Unfortnately , I do n't like eating rw foods , esecialy fr udr - cooked fi .
It makes me arouse a feeling of naua .
So , I can nl ave p noode for those ights when I leve shool at 8:00 p.m.
Apart om e eati clture , everything is oin well as pople hee r gnerous an hspitable .
My host faily ke me to dfferent hot spt nd teach me how to speak Japnes , in oder to faciliat the
progss of interatig to their culur .
Last week , we wen to The ounain Fuji .
T mountain was half - meltd wih glacier on tp .
That w magnifient nd ind - loing .
I hve nver seen sch scenery ie that in my coury sice the climate in Sut China is mid and o .
w is life going on with you and d ?
I am looin forward to hearing from you !
Love ,
Kathine
Everyone has hir o favourite sport .
Th same oe to me .
I love footbal the os , as os men wld .
There are man thigs that exlan h I prefer football to other sorts .
I enjy playing otball with my friends as it can strengthen our friendship nd bolster our ove .
When we ply football , we are definely ll cooperate ith the other teamate in order to be th inner .
The one who is in t back position will try their ar to blo e oppont teammates rom scring whie those ho play in the attacig osiion wl mae up tir sttegy in order to cre .
Thi clearly shows that football needs a srng operation ro all of the tem 's layrs .
My advice to hoe who r starting ti sprt is to practise a lot as fotball ees an unstoppable practice to maste e game nd be th ng of feld .
My scon dvice for them is to always hae a coperativ gae with e temmates .
l of tem .
Te wrt player is those who do o t ther trust in h other teammates and the best on is them who pt ther fl trst in their tammates .
Scba diving obviously is one of the most exciig and thrilling sports on earth .
Who does not want to fel lk an astront on ur ow plaet explori the magical nderwaer rld ust on a recreational trip ?
I srel embrac te fact that he diving communiy has eently been expoding with many new enthusiast members , not only briging a unique experience to your lfe , but also enhancing aarness about environmental consevation isues towrds a brd public .
Te dowside of his is ht hordes of eager nely trained divers opulate te underwater world , otn with litle clue of the life - threaening iss hat the a acing .
I am writing this lttr as a ke up ca to those who hik that thei recently arne certification gives hm the skill to go ot diving wheevr they an .
Hw thoughtless is tt ?
Fm my point of view it should rahr be seen as a licens to len .
Consequently I see a pretty masie esonsibility f te instructor nd ive sters in telling e ewcomers abot e risks of their spot .
To my gra astonishment I witnessed a completel different pattern of behaviour tie ad again .
I saw dive - udy 's ad eve prossional di masters pushing nd stimulating fresh divrs to eend ter mits in order to dive to tht spectacular wreck or enter that mystrious cae he ty sily do not ae te appropriate tranng fr it .
Unbelievable !
Please , lt everybd tak their own responsibility !
You can imagine that it is eally taumatic fo divers when they enounter a corpse in the water , ot to mention the great disrss uch a diaster ives to te family that w left behind .
The bottom line is : get as uch ut of your iing experiences as you ca , but sy sfely within our wn boundarie set by your pesona eductio and ractice .
I ove to ach because I ov to lea and lov to share my nowldge with others .
I also love to see the spark flashng in students ' eyes when they undrstan a concept , try to epress theelves th Chinese a finally use it correctly .
o me , lerning a language is not only translating the forms to express oeself , but a wa to unerstad o the naive speakers describe ad interpret this world .
A successful mmunication between iffernt culturs will happen oy we we expres oueselves precisely and interpret the information accuratey .
Chinese , as a lnguae course , is concrned wth encong and decoding .
Studnts should master language skills , with which the students can achieve their academi gos .
Meanwhile , sudents should have deeper understanding of Chnse culre and viewpoints .
Acquiring a lanuage d cutur is a lo - er rocess , ich includ learning , prcicing , making misaes n orrecting .
As a lagage techer , I hope my students wi av a deeper ad broaer understanding of this languag , their nteest in this language ll be stimulated by h couse n learn t language constantly .
Mrlyn Monroe once said ,
" Fm wil go by and , so long , I 've had you , me .
If it goes by , I 've always kwn it as fickle .
So at lst it 's soething I experience , t tha 's ot where I live . "
Let 's ke ito onsidration the last sentenc , " It 's omethng I experece , ut that 's not were I live . "
It is obvious ha eeryoe , no matr if they r famus or o , deserves to ve a private if .
I am pretty se th mt people even wsh fr th .
Sm of them have to matu or tht n se of em feel it fo t egining .
ame is a ide effect of jo in he media and so is pin disease fr peple ho work in an office or thra to li or helh f firefightes .
It wul be comletely pointless if we were jding peopl on the basis of job they av .
Everyone is eal so everone desrves the me .
People who deide to wor in show - busines or edia have to be awre of hing less privacy .
he lose their anonymity , become recgniable ,
what is inseparable part of is kind of occupations .
Becuse of ther fame , they also give emploment to other pepe ie paparazzi , journalists .
We live in times where people ae very curios about other peol 's lives so above - mentione occupatins ae necesay ,
bt let 's thk ... is it rall so intesting to now , for xample , what Madonna 's second husband e f eakfast ?
Would we , no - amou , pople want at kin of interest ?
Lt 's step into amous peple shoes .
I think we all have our own magificent lvs an we shod focus on them .
Tis is what counts the mos .
So l politicians , fi star , sngrs ad others be .
Micha had bn running on fumes a we .
Besides being in chage wih organizing his younger ister 's surpris birthday party he had also been p in charge ith th entire nformation Technology departme of the company he wore for .
His former bss retired and nomiated hi r h position , claiming he w more hn ualified and ad h aequate kill set in oer to keep th department on tra as well as making an neessary chges .
Th truth was he had be xpecting a pomotion in a nearby future ust not in ti precis ek .
Michael did n't ea to sound ngrateful , because he as elighted , bu the imng as n't aything bt the worst .
ichael a to move rom his small cubicle to s own offe , he had to adapt and he ad to do it fast .
e only problem was that it seemd nothing s going to work on his avou , t severs had crashed n he was the one who had to x it .
As so as one prolem in the compan would be solved anoher one us as infuriating wold come up at the party planing .
He as exhusted so he ecided to go me , e is mothe deal with t part and an problems wod be aken ae of by hi co - workers .
It s risky ; he knew it but had no enery left in him .
Mical lose the oor ad kn at ta moment he had mae a mistake .
The sce of hs repo is to give rader an overvew in he storical develpent of wae tratment , e changing perception of standarizaion of war teatment , ad the cotinuou improvement of th technologies hat a involved due to he growing lits of water qulit paramtrs to be monitored .
hi reort is an introductory document meant o students interested in the field of water treatment .
Supply of poable waer is perhaps e most important rt of al muicipal services .
ean and adeqate wae uply system is vital aspect in publi health n social prosprity .
It is essential o al form of lf by whic water paticipates in numerous biochemal reactions such as distribution of nutrients , remova of metabolic waste , an body temperatur rgulation .
Peple epen on water fo cooking , drinking , nd the domestic purpes .
Wae treatment must et requirements for public a industrial standards .
In ll css , e tretment proce must flfill th qulty ad efficiet u of resources .
CHAPT 2
HISOR OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 WATR TREATMENT IN THE PAST
Mithen 's ( 20 ) rsearchs show hat ot ancint civlizations inaugurated temelves near water esouces and successful ciilizations wer dependent pn delicat sysems of water transport .
Although an undertandin of water quality ws nt well undertood , the imprtance of water was appaent to our ancestors .
reek istorian Dioors Sculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wre forty books of wold histo and in he translated ersion by Oldfater ( 193 ) , Siculus provided early dcumens of purifying water such as iling nd sand filtratio , dating all the way back to 000 BC in ancient Gre .
Sice micrbioogy as ye stuied , eople at hat ime could not distinguis betwen clean and polluted water .
The main recauton measure was purely by jdgng turbidity of e water d his false practice had remained ever since , ve noadays .
It ook ear for eple to recognize that tei sense of smll and vision were n reliable judges of watr qualy .
Figure 1 A qun at th Natioal Library of rn , Tehran ( htp://media-1.boo.britainica.c/eb-meia/72/98764-004-03E63A41.pg )
e dveopment of quas ( Figure 1 ) began bot 2500 ears ago in Iran , a sloping tunnels drille no e oot of a hill that contained groudwater .
hs ancient typ of water supply ystem is still used in arid regios of th world .
For example , in 1933 the capita cty of Ia , ehran , dr it entie ter suply system using e sam principle of unats , though with a lot ore cmpliations ade nto it .
These omplications wer pimarily cusd by ollutin in the undergrud water hich w prevously unknown .
Unlike he pst , where people hae litl knowledge about sanittion nd hygiene ; with bete cientific nderstanding a public education , popl lar to think nd evauate e quality of e wte tht they a drinking and using every day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTUY
The isory of watr treatmnt continued in 1670 , as tw Dutch glasses mkrs investigated on magnification glsss led to the invention of h micoscope .
This scienifc discovery roken down te barrier and enables biologit to obsee oranim th were invisibe to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
In 676 , Scientist Anton van eeuwenhoe ,
The Chahas estaurat
The " Cacas " is a restaurant situaed in a mall in a fing ara of Bern .
People of ll ages and cultures atig tere .
The resturats ' slogan is " positive eating " and tey definiey ve out that phrase .
The age dining rom with hgh ceiling is what catce everybody 's ye , especally if you set yr fot into t restaurant for the ist time .
There are no wll separating h foyer fm the dining room or the itchen from h guests .
Th being sai , you can imagie t atmosphere being omforably aiy .
Sttng at any table ou a watch the chefs preparing the fresh od .
og wooden tals , whic wuld be perfectly suitable r a clss our size , are placed in the middl of the dinin oo .
Assbled around those long tbls , u wi find he smaller table and even a cosy lone for peole waitng or a re abl .
Th menu offers a we rage of muh - watering tha - fo dishes incuding srters , curies , nools and essert .
Additionally , they offe a monthly alternating " special eu " card prsenting fve main courses .
The food is always freshly prepared .
h chefs te reat ar in selecting oy the best quity food .
The vod using conveniece food and n knd of artificial flavors .
Definitely oth poiting out ae he excellent uit uices .
Another aspect I wold ie to ephasse on is the service .
The waiters go out of their way ' .
Te are courous n industrious .
h restaurant oers gd quality fd f reasonable prcs an h atmosphere is very welcoming .
And as I ow hat my classmates prefer light ad healthy fo , I highly recommend gig to th " Chacas " restaurant .
There has bee substantial attention to wries ' self - presentaon n ietity in onli scia media recenl ; Boye ( 08 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspac site ; Le ( 014 : 92 ) reports that pople illustrate a diffeent identity in febook thogh using " a ifferent angage and ritng sle " .
He asers that language choice an detity re not " predetemined " n ae prone to chage ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; teir hange is rived from th coext where scourse is negotiated and ho " interlocutors iterpret the identities being projected " ( ib : 91 ) .
Therefore , ntext , including e participants , their social prpos , ther means d channel of communication , plays a role in language choic n ientity constrution .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in a socal mei d havn the sense of audience in mind as the key elents that an possly hane " the way pepl tnk of theselves " that chags the w he prsent theseves and their identity onine thereby .
He refers to using ncknams , for exple , as a way of self - epressio that can sap h audience 's ind and interpretation of writrs ' identiy .
e ( 2014 ) defines thr ways of elf - presentations in mst social media : ( 1 ) " onlin prfie " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social networking " .
In Boyed 's terms , profile is an iporant spc here writs tel the audience " h they a n how they want to be sen " ; a lin hat connecs eople 's " offlne d onne identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining tens ' idetity construction in scal media , he states ha proile is wher tees " express salint aspect of their idntit for others to s and ierpret " ( 2008 : 19 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status upatin " tha is updating aut lie and sharng experiences frm th " first person " pint of view and ( 3 ) " sual representation " that is " visua mages " ( p. 98)(emhasized as in original ) .
Continuou updating , as a ay of sef - presentation , is one of te featurs of blog writing by wich blog - witers n share their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
If the weblog - witers prefer presenting th wld rom hir on angle , through ung t firt person pooun , or tl their tries tough te eaders ' yes , by invovin oth grammatical ubjects , is among th focuses of hi study .
It eems tha checkin h Subject , as an interpersonal element in t clause , can povide evidece of my stuet - writers ' self - presentation n invovement in he diourse consructed in teir blogs .
This is also revant to the notion of stance a positio or the existence of author in e text .
It wa a sunny day in Turi .
The children were layng outside , ld and nw couples were enjoying their love and everything seemed to be absoutel right .
In th busy streets , a stuent w walking fast , aparenly nawar of l th .
Suddenly , he uned left nd soppd , as if he di n't knw what to do net .
He ten saw a youn oman wvin at him .
A ew minues lae , they were toeter in a bar .
Michael was still hurt .
They had plans for th future before .. he houht he woud have maried her .
And then severyting had crashed .
ichael ried ot to hink about it and to list intae to wa s a aying ...
Her voice was ak and flble whil she sid " .. nd I was reall depressed , you knw n then I thouht ... we always talked about ging in Idi ... and I thoght ... maybe we could fx everything .. so .. I'm st akin .. will yu go with India wi me ? "
She looked at him nd he thought he s still beautiful .
He lovd h and s was ryig to get bac it him , as he had hoped in e last month .
But suddenly he tough he w really angry with er .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't wa to hear from ou anymore " he said , ad then stood up d without watchig r aled out of the r .
ihael closd he door and kew at that moment he had mad a msake .
Dear Pa ,
Thanks fr yor e - il .
I 'm glad to ear at you are havng a great me broad volunteering for is internaonal cultural organization .
I thnk that it is a wonderl idea to collc different experiences bfore staring university studies .
As yu no I spent last month in Eastern Euoe working fo a similar cultral organization and I have a has - on experence in oraniing a culural festival and particularly muial concert .
I loved my jo there nd if I only had an opportunity to do it again , I efinitey wol .
During my staying ere I was responsible or takng ar of musician and ontating eda .
Wat I especially loved abut my ob her , wa te opportunity to ork in such a diverse group of eople .
I lared w to respond to diferet people 's needs resutig fo cultural differences nd expecttions .
I aso appreciated uch the practical experience I cld get there - how to organise job at th office so tat verything ge smoothly a everyone gs what they want , how to use social mia fr advrtisng a pomotion , o to communicate with press and television ec .
I look forwd to hearing fom you soon an I oe th you 'll find ths experience as amazing as I did .
l the best .
XYZ
I agre wi the statement .
It is known tht gossip mgzines r bought by lts of peoe h e interested in ht these people do , th kind of clohes they er or even th tatos they have .
In fact , although the r faous , they e people too , wch mens hat they should be free to do whaeve they ie in their free time .
hs hppens beause som people is famous just bcase they hve hd an afai with a singer or a footaller , so the ony thing peopl nt to nw aout hem is if hat is tre or not , an wen it happend .
It oud come to an end if society changed e concept of " famous popl " .
In the cas of poitician , I do n't mind what te do in their holidays , f example , if they ok propely when they have to .
t I hink there is an exception : monarchy .
I think Roy Family is an exceptio becase they ae upportd by all the citizens , so I thnk we ( as ciizn ) have he right to ow eveything thy do if we wnt .
I mea , it would be better that tre ws more transparec as r as how thy pend " our moey " is concened .
I tink journalists should follow fmos pople only wh he do something related to their profession or the ac that h made them famou .
on on or plans : ollge Film Cl
Do you have a gret passio fr films ?
Do ou like to socialize d eet n peope ?
hn Cllege im Clb is jt fr o !
Let me introduce myslf .
I was just oe more stunt om our college , with lenty of free time and looing f something ese to do .
It happens hat ne day a find of mine tok me to a Fm Clb sessin .
I now feel complete .
Do n't you wn to el th se ?
Come an join us !
We met ever Mondy in the olleg thate .
vry week we watc a different typ of im so tat we n please every member and improve ou cinematography nowlege .
This is fllwed by an animated discussion in Engish , accompanied by drinks from te coffee bar , whch is open lte , of course !
ver now d then , we hae specil guests coming oer , such as professional reviewers or independent diretos .
We 've had , for example , Hug Williams and erge Kig .
Next week we 'll be watching " Dacr in h rk " , by as von Trier , a distintiv Danish filmmaker .
Wil I e o tee ?
We 're expeting you !
We Ele w h hous for the frst tim , h cod n't believe her eyes !
It was a bright sunny ay and the birds ere peacefully singing .
Meanwhle , le a going to receive a birhda present om h bofriend , Ke : a house f both to le .
At first , Ken , ha thought about givig sme cruise tickets as a prsnt .
Bt after a while he thought out sometig bigger , huge and or expensive .
A hoe r tm to live !
Ken w t a small uy , shrt hair , sharp eth ad nse , ght skin , bond hair and s - blue eyes .
That day was t day , Elena 's bihday , and Ken a n't ur ow to gve that masive present wh suddenly he ha an xcellen iea .
He h lready thought about that so he grabbed a blndfold an pt it over Elena 's eyes .
Wen Elena ok it off h a lon away , completely amze wi what she saw .
In ront of her a a stunning hose .
It was enormus , wh uge windows , ite wlls and wi superb views of th se and h shoe .
Elena could n't be happier with he situation .
he alo ppeared to be elievd tha she would n't have to li wth er parents anyoe .
After that memorae momen , she could now have a thrillng life next to h person sh loved .
They ived appily ever after .
That morning , Mchael woke up full of eergy , ad feelig ry optimistic aou his first y in i new jo .
He carefully chose the clothes he wa going to wr .
He choe a bue tie and a ight grey su .
It took him wnty inutes to do is har .
Every inle detail should be perfc to get the best fist impression .
-You only have one opprtunity to cause a good fir impression- he said to imself .
hn he s totaly satisfied with hi look he turnd on n f the ight of i bdrom ight imes .
Michae awas thought ha this itle ritual gave him an extra piece of lck .
He nt out of hs little aprtent and waled full of confidence to t bus stop .
He thoght happily tha he was n only on is a to hs new ob but he was on his wa to i e ie .
When he arrived the receptionist told him to go to hi oss office .
He knocked on th door .
A woman 's oice answered .
-Yes , come in , please- .
He liked her at first .
She was a very in ad intelligent wom , d Michel was sure that h was going to be a perfect bss and he ill work ery easily tgether .
After the meeting and when he was leavn he turnd bc and said : -
Ad congratulations for th baby!- His bos looked at him in anger:- Do y think that I am regnat?- .
-No , no , I men ... , I do n't think u are pregnant at all- .
Michael close te door ad knew at hat moment he h ade a misak .
Our city offers to visitrs a ug rane of posibilties to go shoping .
If u are crzy abou faion bt yo budget is really ort , thee are a t of second - hand shops whee you can buy a t wth a little money .
Wndw shoping through our hi street is anoher option .
ee you il id all trendy brands d much more .
For exampl , pople interested in cooking has sm gourt sop where they will be able to tase r traditional rducts .
A must r al touists atough they do n't wn to buy anythng is the dest shopping centre in the country .
Ts agnificen uiding is siuated in he city centre n it as built seventy yeas ago in an ancie plce .
ther modern malls are located in he suburbs but do n't worry , or city as an excellent pulic tranport sevie to g ther .
When the wather is good , especall during spring , arke sreet ar realy popuar .
You ca uy all you can imagine there but one of them is eally extraordinary .
It is celebrated on the mther 's ay on a , the frst Sunday nd it is locaed in t it 's longet avenue , around a kilometre plenty of flers where you a ak yu wn bouque for your mother 's present .
These re som ideas to enjoy soping while ou a visiing our it b thee are much more to dscover !
Ye , th 's tre tha th ar is a more convenient tan the pbic traport .
When yu 're driving you own c yo a eting a lot of comfort .
u e stting on a comfortable seat .
ou are listening to your favourite usic .
Th temperature level is exact what you like .
An you never , ever , will contact wih othr people .
Wl , there can be some pretty gils among h passengers o sre , but it 's far too often that you ill ae to sit near some stinky bum .
Mor than that , te r is always there when yo need it .
ou hav not wait tll it arrives nd it is never late .
Your car wll awas go to t right plce -- no transport change , no awkward routes .
t -- will it lwas be he best coie ?
No , t at ll !
Wh ou wan to travel the worl or ut going to vsit your paents , which are two thoand miles from you , it wud be beter to tae a bus or a train .
You wo n't be ab to cover ch a distance in one ay .
So in that cs it 's better to leav your a at ho .
And what if te ca you 're drivng will break ?
Just iagine ta you ar sitting in he brokn cr , at nigt , witht any sign of a cr service for fifty miles around yu !
High cst of fuel will defiitey be t leser evil in th situation .
So I 'd he to say his .
On short disancs , aybe o or two hundred mes , a ca is del .
But if y take a big jouney alone , you 'd bttr take an old god u , jt le 100 yeas a .
Peole woud sa that ravelling on ubic transport it is the fuure or or live .
Bu sincerely ter is no future at all fr it , as r ies nowadays a becoming more a more dmaning in ter of mulitaskin , goal seekers and amiy conciliation .
Public transort offers a range of timtabes for trais , buses or metro , b hen it comes to el with the dy - to - day ass we ey ofte fn travellng by our on r it is the esiest way .
For instance , travellng wit children it is ery annoying on public transport ue to all the security ssues iolved .
hre is no sy way to cary our ekly shopping , tuf for th ym or instruments on public tnsport .
We t to steal minutes fr every ho to fid te to do l te thins we wan to do .
Waiti at the s station for o next us afer just roughly missing t las on , being tuck in the mide of a crod trying to each the same train as everyone ee , does n't mke us le any easier at al .
At he en of te day we decide to use our ar , as the way we live today combining work , faly a hobbies all at once , cars becoming moble houses seem to be o best optio .
Dr Pl ,
I hope you 're doing wel and evrything is ok .
I 'm writing to yu because I want to tell you abou my experince .
u wanted to know what I ws said to do befor and duri the concert , so I y to explain erything .
Th concert oo place in Los Angle , it was a month g as I hnk . You an be sure that I hd a tim of my life .
Evrythng was so exciting abut helping at ti cncert .
Starting from sning he invitations to the ost famous people in te cit and calling the shots .
I had to take ae of ohr volunteers .
I had to chck tir wor a corect teir mistakes .
Speking of which , it as n't es .
Dealing with other peol is th hardt part , ecpecialy when hy 're he same ag as you .
I hnk I d my best .
noher good thn is that I had a chance to talk to juralists .
They ame fom different parts of the worl .
Tere were eople fo Russia , erany , Brasil .
That was eally great to meet them and to tk with them .
By the wa , do you know Jes Morow ?
S 's a journalist from th e ork Times .
She 's very famous ad I old her everything h wanted to know about the shw .
Before t oncert tartd , me ad my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up he equipment ad make sure verythng works well : the sond , h igtning and the instruments .
Helping at this concert wa a hard work bu very inspiring .
I 'm gad that I hd a chance to do it .
est wishes ,
Z
My father ha had a bat or as long as I a rember , so I 've bee saiing sine I s a litle gi .
I articularl enjy t sense of freedo that it gives me : there 's nothing better ha being out on t water with only he sound of h waves , d of the wi on the sais .
In my experinc I found that peole ither consider salig a very bring sprt , or a ver angerou one ;
I guss becuse I 've be practicing for suc ln tm , I do n't agre in ethe case .
Inded people c get bored while sailing , if they just sit a do n't interact with he et of the crw ,
d it can be dangerus to , if one does n't know how to move on a boat .
Siling is all abu cooperation , d to ally enjoy it e neds to do it egulrly , to be able e to know te crew n find t ms uitable role on the deck .
Being a gd sailor oe n't mean knowing all about it , the poit of sls , the winds , and so on , o me a good sailor is someone tat knos the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to dal with all the posile situatns and lo kind of peope s / he can posily hav to eal with .
If ou tae t tim to ask aound , yu 'll nd out that a ot of e mt xperiencd sailors never to lasss .
So th most impornt piece of aice I would give to everyone is : try ,
d if he first tie is not so god , r again : in different weather conditions , wt different people , and different kind of ats .
Maybe you ll not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will hae a gat time , and in the wors case you wl have t hanc to meet wonderful peole .
I would ot say that there is no fture or puic ransport .
First of all publc trnspor is f more onenient r pope in big cities .
Our mntly fuel expeses can be reduced by sing publi trasport to ge to the worpace .
Nwaday environmental plution is als imorant tat 's why public transport should be promted as environmentally frienly way of trnsport .
No always car is uc more convenient , for example in a bg city it is far mr convenient to us undergroud thn a car during the rush hour .
When we use puic transprt we a ra a newspaper or book d when we driving a car it 's imposible .
In my pinin nowaday rving a c is very stressful becae of trffic ntenity .
Drving a ar is lo more tiin , driver us be concentrated all the tim .
Of course not lway public transprt is ore convenient .
hen we an to go on a weekd trip to he countryside car is irreplecable fo families wh children or animls .
ls go on holidays by car an be vr comfortale .
th a we re more ndeendent ta wit public transport .
There a my ps and ons bt fr ur we ca n't a that thee is no future for public trasport .
Ths summer I am brinin a grp of 12 to 14 year - old students to Athns n I am lookg for suitable accomodation .
At peset I am nertain about h number of he students , u it will probably be but 15 .
Wie we are the , we no on want to loo at the many attctions in the cit , but we wud lie to visit om of he beautiful places naby , so we are lookng o a reasonable priced otel , in th cit cetre , with good transport links .
It is possible at we will sy in Athens abou n days .
Duig our ty we require the following : twin - bedded ros , in the same hotel , breakfas d on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore I would le to ask you if there are n individuals who a be able to look after goups le us ?
Are you able to arrange acvities and ocl transpotaion for us ?
Aso it would be great if you could inorm me of some peial discounts , uch as cheaper air ravelling .
I lo forward to hearing from yo as soon as possile .
Introduction
The principal objetives of his proosal are to outlne te main proles that e company 's wbsite has , and sgges ays tht he b designes n deal ith them .
The inal ection of this proposal mas some recommendtions aout what should be doe to elevate te website asthetc a improve user - friendliness .
Problems with the current website
A survey was conducted among the 0 people w filled the omplants .
The majority of peole were of opinion tat the te s clunky n har to use an nearly o third of the participan consdere that te design needs to be modernised .
Others problems cited included pretty low uptm of the webte , connection isue d logi roblems , partculary corrct credentials not working .
Wy to address the isses
I tink the website eeds to be revamped to attact more users .
h ook d fel soul follow the " merial design " standards as they re deined by Google a should use ore modern font .
As or te rver and database administrators , they should immediately resolve te issues regarding the backnd prt of th wbsit .
Reommendation
I would like to ae h following recommendations :
Impleme a tutoial to facilitate the usability o ne ues , and lso make it possbl to retake he tutoria as per ser request .
Conduct a survey on a minim of one thousand people on what eatures should te website include .
Dvelop a better fedback system so users can express the concern n questions in a moe detaild a .
I asue y that if these recommendations are implemented , the websie il impre sgnificantly .
Alison rea h no , sile , and immediately put on her coat .
Although it hd ben a tiring day she was very pride of that littl sheet of paper .
h hd just go the job nd h wanted to show what h kills wee .
No one could ha imagined tht she wa such a brilliant prso d whe se gave the article to h bos he latter a quite astonished .
h next dys the bos ordered e to wre an article about the natural bautis of Colombia , a litle Sate lcated in Sut America .
So she left on Monay and he land in Botà Tuesday .
ver had she seen such a hig waterfall .
he used to ie in a flat so se had never disovere how muh h world was different and beautiful .
Tht eveing she t with a loc gui s was invie to tte he ocl food and to dance with e traditional clothes of hat friendly civilization .
e following a sh ca ba to London where al her family was waiting for he since they werevery curis about th weird Alison 's trip .
Spor is probal as old as humaity itself .
ll ov the world people of different ags a vey fon of spr an gme .
Sport not only helps popl to become srong n to develop physicaly but also make tem more oranize and better discipline in thir daily activities .
Sport helps peope to keep in good helth .
Needless to y that sot plays a very importt role in u life .
It ies us much pleasure and my ments of joy .
It 's popular aog young n o eole .
Many people do mning execies , g in the morning , train themselves in finss clubs ad gyms , ad take part in sport competitions .
Ote people like sports too , but they only ach spors ompetitions , listen to port ws .
They prefer reading interesting aticls abt athletes ad sport vent , but they do n't go in for ports .
There are a lot of kins of sports sh as swimming , wrestling , cyling , box , football , ocey , trk and fied athletics and so on .
There e smer and winter ins of pors .
The summer kinds of sprts r , or example , swimming , athltics , fooball , vollyball , basketball and othr .
he wine kis of sports re , for exale , figure skting , skiing , ice hoky c .
Among the popular spos in our country ae football , basketal , swimig , volleyball , enns , gymnastic , figr skatg d oers .
You can hooe a sport for any season and for any tas .
I 'd like to describe so of the .
In srig and summer man peope prefer to go in for jogging .
This is very popular sor n very seful for our halh .
You ow run and enjoy the beaut of ntue around .
Ths kind of sport is getting more and more pular over the old .
If you go to Europe you can see a l of peple who go in for jogging .
Speaking aout sport I ca n't help saying about fotball , bcaue ths is ery spectacular kind of sots .
The are a lot of foobal tam , football events , and fan clubs in alot every country of the world .
ome ootall players are world famou ; they ae excellent carers and take part in each championship .
Football matches attract a lot of spectators , o coe supportig teir fvorits .
My peopl today go in for exeme sport .
Prhas , they find ordiary sports too brng n unexciting .
It is also kno tht extreme sorts lp to build character and form a srong peronaliy .
Ter are diffeent types of xteme sors , for example , rk clmbing , rafting , sua ivin , surfing , sowboarding , paachuting , hang - lidig , buge umpng etc .
These acivities usuall involve speed , height and a ood level of hsical raiing .
However , they eome moe and more popular en amng the beginners .
Doin such sports peopl learn how to overcome diffcult situatins nd how to survi in an emergency .
It as develops patience a lf - contro , and helps to control your fr .
ore importantly , it givs te sense of achievement .
Let 's conider some kind of etrme sports .
Take bungee uping .
You mp o a ridge and you fall n fall , n then , just before you hit te ground or water , an elastic rope pulls you bac .
In skysurfing you jump ot of an airlane nd use a board to " surf " te air , oing gymnasics in mid - air !
Winer sports have always an element of danger .
Fr exape snowbordig , which hs al the excitement of surfin but on sno , is more danerous evn than siig .
Ic diing is for thse peole who re absolutely craz .
Yo put on diving quipmen a dive under a frozen lak .
And , if ha 's not enoh , you t to wal upside down on te ice !
A lot of people r nt fit nowadays .
It 's a bi prole today .
If o an to feel f you 'd better go in or o kind of sport or another .
I thin at eveyon must do l to be ealthy .
Good halth is better tn he best medicine .
To tell the tuth I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an ssential art of my daily life .
In summer I go wmming as ter is a beaiful od with pr ater where my Gran lives .
In wite I go in for skating .
If I have fe tie I go to e nerst saing - rik with my friends and we have much pleasure , skating togther .
Ts kind of sport is er elegat .
Y shold control ou body very wel if you wish to kate gracefully .
I should n't cl myself a sports fan .
Of ourse , I wath sports competitions on TV from tie to ie , lke swmmig or running .
I admire xtree kinds of prt .
I thn tey r eally cool .
I admre people wh dae to do such spots .
Television is not an ise of genrl onsensus .
It is definitely a way of spendin our fe ime .
However , es it tch us something ?
oe it hp us grow and improe ou knwlege ?
On h o hnd , it is said to lp people to pend quality tme as tey a ean bout h most varied subjects fro he cofort of their homes .
It is possible to watch documentaries , th new , concerts , plays an len about urret affairs .
On h other ad , her are progamme whic bring nothing nw in our li .
Therefore , e sould not wast time watching tem .
Volnt pogramme , raliy shows and oters aik have nothing to teah .
In these cas , TV is undoubtedly bad entretainment .
l in l , it is my belief ht if we use it operly , i.e. , if we carefully choose hat to ee , television can have an iportant role to pl in the learning process of everyo of us , a in partcula , in te life of e oe w can n afford tavellin , bu books or ie in an educated environment .
If yu are ooking f a im that provids yo with suspense and action at th se time , I ecoend you to watch " Now yu e me " .
h fi , directed by Louis Leterier , is but four magicians , know as " he Four Hrsemen " that join togther by a mysterious benefactor , d during hir pesenations they do all kind of illegal suf , such as robbing a ban or ripping off their n bos .
Because of the , there 's an agnt of the F , Dyn Rhodes , th prsecute hem through different states of EE.UU .
e characters in charge of the four magicians are Jsse Eisenerg , la Fisher , Dave raco d Woody Harrelson .
he a capable of makin you think they really know how to illusn soeone .
Mogn Feman is the best actor of all time and prect or th role of developer tricks nd helper of e BI to catch the " ur Horsemen " .
lso hee is no oher tter r the role of aet as Mark uffao .
u it 's ot ju the actg tha it 's great in the fil .
The shot of Las Vegas , e Orleans , ais and w Yk are wonderful , an the fact hat nothing is computerized at h time to witess h mgc trcks it solutely amazing .
So if you ejoy mag tricks , surprises , very handsome acors d slnded actreses , w would yu miss it ?
What I d o in Vacations
During vacations I d n't njoy my tme because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
Also , lien did not get me d practice surgery on me .
Sadly , I oud n't ee Lad aga nor Justin Timberlake .
I was very isapponted ecaus I id not do any of thee things during vacations .
Sice I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizard , I col n't g a magic wnd .
I dd ot go to Hogwarts ot urn my brher into a frg .
Being noral gets od and no beng a wizrd is shabby .
As alien d n't idnap me I did no trave all around h gaxy during this vcations week .
I did nt see t planets nor meet a exy ain grl fr Satrn .
Stayng at hm a day is regrettable a o being idnappd by aliens gets really boring .
After not ing a wizard nr kidnapped by aliens , I did not mee Lady Gaga in New York nor hang out with er and Jstin Timberake .
We thr counldn't ig together nor mk lugh of Kim Kardashian .
No one lkes being " unfamous " a I do n't like not beig Ldy Gaa 's rien .
Indeed , what I d in vacations was sleep e hol ay , hng u with my " Unfamou " friends ad write a ompse two and a half songs .
Wtchng " as in heaven , in hl " as hilarious alhough it is a hror movie .
Bu , lets face it doing thse things is o as wondeful as discovering magic powers , big kidnaped by alies or singin a song wth Justin Timbelak and Lady Gaa .
Finally , e hoidays hve stred .
us a w oe days n then we will be on ur way to ou holdy destination .
We wil be travelin by r to a campsite in Gemany .
It will be ou thrd me at thi campsite .
Even houg it is a large campsite it feels small and cosy .
he cmpste ordes on a small lake hich can be qute cl , even in summr .
However , we usually do nt let this stop us fo gong into he water .
We li to vist the cities and various sigh in e area .
e of the sgts we deinitely wan to e is te foer boder between West - Geman nd Eas - Germany .
We also lie hiking and re plannin on doin tha a couple of times per week .
Th egion wee we will ty hs a nice syst that encourages people to he .
At some poit during your hike you can olect amps in a special booket .
For somewhat yunge chilren this is a nice icentve to participate in thse his .
Soe hikes re short , t ste and soe ikes are long and invlve no climbing at all .
We ill probably stay at this campsite f about thee weeks ad bides t hiking we wi rad and laze bout .
Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really joy watching sp operas .
These dys I wtch a lot of different soap operas , though my favourite one is -and ll ways be- Frind .
Te plot is abu six young people ( tey 're about 26 ) : Rss , Rahel , Monica , Chandr , Joey & Phobe .
The iv in New York Ct and hv a lo of comicl a romantic adventures , ll of tem related to their friendship .
What could I say aout the charactes ?
Well , Ross is a paleonologist ha orks in th Natural istry Museum , ad he 's Mnica 's older brother .
Monica works as te man chef in a restaurant siuted in Manhattan , sh is Rachel 's best friend snce gh school n she lon for a boyfriend ( she finally marie hndler ) .
Chandler is the funny gy and he wrks as a stock agent .
Rachel a always be daddy 's ittl girl b , hen she brakes her egagement at the bginnin of e soap opera , e loses al r mony nd h to or as a waitress in a cafe ( though se gets a jo relate to fashion wld ater a few years ) .
Joey is ... wl , he 's oey : no so clever , a great n fr the girls and -the most important- Candler 's best rien .
And fnlly we hv Phoebe , a veggie n bohemian grl ho enos iging and playing th guitar and ho orks as a massage therapist .
The os interesting thin of ' Fries ' , in my opinion , is t ve stry between Ross and Racel : the pot stats when Rcel cms to live with Monica in he apartmen and Ross fall in lov ih h .
Ths toy ontiues until the d of h sap opera , when Ross and Rachel finally ave a chid ( Ea ) .
Bt there a a lot of funny stoies , like Poee having her stepbrother 's children , or Joey becoming a great soap opera acor .
I recommend ' Friends ' to everyone .
I think it 's t best soap opera ever made .
Living without Intenet : Is it possible ?
Oh my Gd !
Today is the a . I hav en told hat I wl be moving to my ne apartment .
God nw !
Bt , wait !
It ll as man ot having aces to the Interet for a month !
Will I svive ?
Will my life be the sa ?
First of all , I have to sa tat I total epend on the Internet .
Fo 7 am to 7 pm , my compur is running sufing the Internet .
Nt only I e it r leisure , but I alo use it for wor . I would have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
Secondl , I av my rinds iving abad . I communicate wt tem usin Skype .
Will I ee to use te phone nstad ?
Unlike he Internet , phone calls are rely xpensve .
I am o sure if I cul afford it .
il I fid mysf wrtin letters ?
Another thng to consider is not havng that open window to h world .
Wl have to start buying magazines and nespapers to be infmed ?
In conclusion , my life ill be copletey chaned .
My aly rutie is based on havig access to the Inernet : alking to my frieds , reading he newspapers , the forecat weter , d so on ... I will have to chane my lie .
The wrog hice an lead to a g mstak hat ca nfuence on our ife a eole arod us .
Michael was a rson that a afraid of making y mistakes .
A e pesn entered his life one a .
Michel wa nervous whn he was aske to do some work toether wit that new fellow .
What if at the boy could be smarter than he himself ?
The onl y was to show and prve eeryoe tha he was he best .
So , he decided to nore him absolutely .
He did n't answer to s uestons an did n't want to use all his ideas .
Th wok wa one and Micael was poud because everything s de by hmsef .
Th newcoer col ol watch it with a sy sile .
hei boss checkd h wrk en .
He wanted to kno his partner 's opinion too .
The poo boy sid he ws inspired by Micael 's enthusiasm .
He praised te Michael 's work .
It was perfect and he wld be glad just to imprve so thigs , to change t structure , to exclude unnecessary facts , to d some bright illustraions d so on .
h boy had canged everything in e content of he work by th end of their conversatin .
Thy both left he ofice oo .
Michal closed th doo and kew at that momet he h me a mistake .
Feeble souls
Mst ople lov donatg mone to differnt chartes , u ha you ee thought why it gies us sc pleasure ? I believe it 's ecase , as humans , wen we e someone hap , it makes us happy , esecally if we e the reason for that appiess .
he problem is choosing w to donte to .
Is it the por , homles children in your country or the starving eple in Afia , or is it some cancer organizations ?
I choose none of the abv .
I 've ever understood why mt people se a clsd e of chariable orgniztions to chos from whn they want to donte mon .
In oter wods , the chose oly from t most ommon cuss .
Whe I think abou dnting oney I e sick chldren ad adults with are diseases , d mal grou of scientists and ctors dng tei best to help them , ut who do n't have enoug mne o resarc . I chose them becuse I kow tt tey r the lat pole wh gt hep - beuse how wud people hel thm if they do n't know aut hm ?
Firt thin I 'd do if I want to make a donation is go on the intern , and search Gogl for are dseaes .
Ten I 'll ok o the disases which th scietsts ar currently workn on finding their cure .
I 'll be left ih a lt to chose from , so I 'll ee which illness is the hadest to endure and choose tis one to dnae my moey to .
I have one of tose unknw diseases , an I coul easl donate to e doctors working on my illnss , but I probbly wo n't . I nw tht there re a t of other pple with dseses that re way hade han my o , d the ne a cure much moe than I do .
Tis kes me ealiz that ee if I ave a disease , as ard as it is , I 'm sll better tha otrs d I 'm grateul .
I 'm grateful I ca bear my sicness nd lve with it , because others ca n't .
To u up , I believ more popl should start doating to te uncomm charity organisations , to the ones who ned moe help .
It wold be sufficient to jut see e smile on their fac .
We shud ll be thankful we ar wht we are , because we could be a lo woe .
According to Berow ( 2004 ) , Airway management is on componnt of anaesthsia procedure to ensure the paien iway is ened .
An example of an intrventin in aray managent is the ventilation mask that Mr. Sharma a using .
Alo , this practice is the prmary consderation for an efficient ot anastesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majoity of ptients that has a a eeral anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recer in a ACU ( Pot Anaesthesia Care ni ) to nitor he ital signs , specially te airways management de to the anaesthesia , imedig a postoperative compicatin ( Scoot , 212 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 01 ) .
The fist 24 hours of pos surgery , is considered the most citcal perid , beause e atient can present , primarily , ug isorders , and the nurse nee to maintn the cardi - respiratory sability ( Popov & Pench , 29 ) .
Addressing t airway managemt after Mr. Sharma 's admissin on PA , te irst procedure hat th nure hould do , is follow he A - G assessment protool , to revew th stability nd the airwy pateny of he patient , sustainn te pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia n hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsy , 2010 ) .
Mr. Shara 's airway hould be pae d cea from mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
De to he urgery Mr Sharma is in upine position , b tis posiion reduces i oxygenation ( Snwbll , 2012 ) , and also n impede the air passe that is related to e anaesthesi effect , whee the tongue ad the lower j fl backwad .
Hen , he needs xygen supy to prevent any arwa obstructio .
Therefore , te oxygen therpy neds to coninue imediaely along wit i admission , via nasal canula or oxygen mask wtin 4 to 6L / mn , until he anesthesi effet are cmletely gone and th patient 's oxygen sauration be restored ( Farell & Dempsey , 01 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sarma is ben given O2 a Hson mask 6L / min , becase he received geral anaestesa n al of his muscles a elaxed nd at e mmet he do n have cotrol over i rlexes ( arrll & Dmsey , 2010 ) .
To help in this issue , the nurse should certifcate ht Mr. Sharma is conforable , n elevate the ead of th bd for a ore urigt psition in oder to faciliate ad increase is oxygenation , helping h to recover fastr his respiraory instabity ( Snowball , 20 ) .
The reson wy wling is the best spor on the face of the Ert
First of all , t me adress h title of this ticle .
I realise walig is nt considered a sort by evryone .
I think it is a wrong way of thinking of spors .
Theefoe , I am oig to explain the avatages of walking .
I would like to start saying it is free .
his could be seen as something minor , but being abe to do the sort ou love without pying is an ncedible dvanage .
Secondly , I ove its reedm ; no p itnded .
You ca walk whenever an wheeve ou ike .
That is priceless .
Tirdl , wking gives you a longer lf epectancy .
Ther are a l of studies that prove thi .
Last but ot least , you do no ee y kind of spcial equipmet or people .
You can go walkig alone nd witout shoes if you please .
Neertheles , you learn a lo of things about any sport oce you start doing it .
Therefore , I would like to share some thing th y .
You can start walkg as you like , despite that , ou should wa comfortable clothes a ses .
The reason is that , th longr yu ak , e more you il feel what you are werng .
The second avce is o should try to ind te bst aces to walk around o .
The sighseing is ve impotnt once you star walking .
I hope I ave onvince l of you to go wling .
I am a true believe in waling .
Do not forget to grt me he we met on the road .
All students ar dfferent in tems of thei cogiive stys , larnng level and chieveents as well as mtivation , personalty , ad pce of learning .
Whe hre r students wih varied lees in English , it may be challengng or achers to prepare for or deliver te cous .
Here are me of my solutions for tis issue .
First of all , etermining the nee of the stdent is alwys th to priority .
Wile conducing a need analis , ou can he a geeal picture of learers ' moivaton in learnig English .
fte tht , teachers are supposed to use artnershi and grouping exeriss and activities in oder to me individual 's ees .
Trogh teamork , studets with vred levels can ooerate and learn from ah other trogh discussions .
It is beneficial for both the uper d lower achevr bcuse th can assst or get help from each other .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for te se actiity , are proved to be necessar in a class with vried leve of students .
Teachers n assign tasks whih hv iffernt levels of diffcuty , or different numbers of taks to students with different leves .
Moreover , insead of usng a cr textook , or using different levels of extbook , crying out a theme - baed approach is more appropriate , and it als aves teachers ' reparation time .
Finally , prearing supplementary for bt the uper or owe lel of studens , so tat h gher ahieers cn stay excited nd chaleged , hil the wer achiever cn also lear by their own pc of earning .
Young people in kraine are more comprehensively developed than young people in US .
o yungters hv open access to nowledge and information hrogh t Internet .
tudents ve moe opportunities to learn language , disver foign experience , as interships and study abrad .
he number of Uranian stunts who tudy road incrase ever yea .
Ou generation is more developed and diverse in phers of moden culture , including arts , music , literature tc .
The most vauable thing is that there a so many supporters of differn trns in l thes aeas .
In Ukrane ung pple are different too .
So peop pref one stye of music , some - another .
That 's wh it 's difficult to dine one general tyle f he geeratio .
Disussng music yles , people in my conty refer p and rc .
We can dene it by list of TOP usic chaters on usi hanels .
There re a lo of Ukrainian executives .
It 's necsary to emphsze tat Ukraian usc as chged a ot from the time of Inepenence and o is developed ey as .
If we spak out TV programs , Ukrainia youngstes ie opular American an Russia erals , like he Theor of g ng , Suits , Breaking bad , t Gae of thrones , the Kitche an so on . I must admit that some representatives of Ukrainian out atc too man serials and waste a lot of their tim .
I thin hi prole is typical o almost all ounties .
In cloths , yousters pefer to ea famous fashion brands .
Ma peopl llow fashion designers .
It 's interestn to admit that tere is fashio on Uranian traditional clohe " vishyvanka " nw .
I he ter reading of my report yo will have some minia understading of Ukrainian relity .
Also I encourage ou to visit Ukraine and to see its sghtsens , to feel cultue a speak to ice pople !
I li in a mall to called i .
It 's in the norhwes of Spain , in Glicia .
It 's a sll town n there are t t ay options of travelling by public transpor .
My town s got a t of litle vllage arud it , and it 's ery difficult to creae a public transport service , because the are long disances between e fferent places , and tere are n enou peope to mke it profitable .
If you want to go to Vo or other ity which is near , th coach servc is a od d ot too expeive option .
The coaches are low , so os of t people prefer the car .
If or destiny is furher away , another good option is to trve by train .
We have gt a small train statn in Tui , so we a go to a l of plces by trn .
Train is mr expensive , bt at h me time , it is mre comfortable .
So I hink tha creatig a small bus line btween h villages will help a lt of peol , especially the ode ns .
er Mr./Ms .
I am writng in connection with your ob advertisement ( ub orgaier ) whih I 've se on h noticeboard of my lanuage schoo .
I ve been learning English fr 5 years and I hope to ke the F ( Cambridge exm ) soon . I also write a blo bout a on English .
As a ember of suden club at my olege , my responsiblity is to organize events and collaboate wh many studes fr difeent department .
Working on projects help me improve my organizational and planing skills .
In orde to create and maintain a team spirit , I u different tool like icebreaers an enegizers .
Watching mvies in groups is a great way to discuss diffent topis , lie justice , personal identity nd discrimination .
F the eginning , short and animated movies would be the bs , such as movie " Vaiation " ta teaches us how words hae he power to change ur lives .
th my experience and ange of ills I am sure I c contribute to yo da and organise great movi nighs .
If I c prvde ou wit any further information on my backgrou d qualifications , plas t me know .
I look foward to receiving yo reply .
Than o for yr cosideation .
Hi Jo ,
I am hpp that you have chosen to spend the folling year in my country .
I am sure that you will find in Bazil a perfect fit .
First of al , I woud like to shae ith you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
As a cuntr wth ne of t longest costline in the wor , I dfinitely would recommend yo to knw the beautiful beaches we hv .
I wuld also recommend you to ow the it of Ri de Janeiro , hee yu wl find beautiful bechs , wonderful waher ad the wonders of nature in a modern a international city .
You will be amazed by " rist Redentor " an " Corcvdo " , I ha no wrds to explain ow bety they a .
Another ry god ption is exploring Braz 's Northeast , as beauifl as i de Janeiro is .
About working , I think you have a great chace to find an opportunity to work in n of my multinational cmpanies we have in Brazi .
Most of the biggest America mpanies are in Brazil for a og time and as an Enlih natve speaker it will be easr to o to find and internship .
e nne months hat you will pnd travelling around razil will ive you a bette undrstanding of Portugese and at wil be an advantage to ou find a e ob er .
I have mn tip to har wih you , I 'll be glad to do it in person when you rive .
ce agin , tere is no othe better plce e wold to spend is im you hv available .
I 'm looking forward to eeing you .
Thanks
Mr Jascoka
elcme to London , ouriss !
Ti report sould help you y genuin good from u city .
First of all , you should avoid smal market places .
Tey are known or selling fk proucts .
An exple would be th Camden Town market .
If you 're looking for tp quaity prouts , we wul ecommend going to te Westfield shopping cntre .
You il fn op otch electronics nd genral goods .
If you prer shopping outshide , taking a trip to King Stet woul be the he thin to do .
If u want typicl souvenirs , you n go to te Bukingham Place , you il fid a l of sml shps ha sel souvenirs r a reasonnable price .
Dear Pul ,
It was great yu er from you .
I 'm ory I aven't rittn soner , but I wa still er by .
As y know I enjoyed helping at a concert at week .
It ws raly exhaustin , but illuminating experience .
It s a charity concert , the income of which wa inteded for cildrn who ufer from caner .
The main task of the volunteers a to collect money .
I ld tickets before the oncer , an th , during he concert , I lped take cae of security .
It a a truy amazing event .
We tried to ak evryone ha u .
There were ay visitor ro other counties , so we ofe had to ranslat the onversatio ad elp in comunication .
Everything was ew to me an vry exciting .
u he ms memorble s a meeting with the strs of th concert .
Te are really great people w at to help thers , wthout pay .
Apart fo that , verything 's ie ee in Pond .
Do n't frget at you 're alway welcome to come and sta- I 'd lv to see u , an we an take part in a smilar event , as a volunteer , togter .
Anyway , I must go now .
Write oon and ell me ow you 're gettng on .
Lots of oe .
Jane .
Dear friend ,
I cul n't be more excited about being o s onth in the UK !
I agree wi ou tat I 'm brave , but I think I ned this time to relax after all that problems tht I h with my grandmother .
I 'm planning to improve my English d I ha already registered for a course .
My classes ll appen fom Monday to riday , but jst in he mornings .
So , I will ha time to lso learn or about Brtish culture d hisry .
I 'm sure tht I ll njoy visitig all that famous castl and churches .
Y know ow much I ant to graduae in History .
Bsids that , I woul love traveling to other European cntries .
he weekends are a perfect time fo tis .
Do you think yu could ji me ?
It would be amaing !
If u ca n't go wit me , I thik we can go out so nihts .
Which ounries do n't you kow in Europe ?
Tke ce n I hope to hear frm you soon .
Dr Ms Rihars ,
I 'm writing to ppl for a o in sume camps avrtised on ur bsite .
I have graduated fo Teach Trainin University of aint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , here I completed a degree in eucaton .
I have a ih lel of spoken English , as I have been learning it sine early chidlhood .
I h penfends in the United Staes of America a ustrali .
oreover , I atend speaking lubs , wre natie speaers lad the group .
I have so relevan experence , as I have worked in a kindergrtn and ne se babsittng simultaneously wih my sties at e uiversty .
On gradutin , I spent to yer working as a suppleentary education teacher .
My tasks hv inclded organizing sports and ther actiites for childe .
I as als in charge of prvidig fe and etetaining iterction .
References are enclosed .
I am very enthusiastic aout working wth children nd wuld wlcome t chae to make new friends .
I beieve I ould be sitabl o te job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful n indutrios person .
I would radily meet the challenges of h o nd handle the responsibilities .
I attach a ull CV and if you equir more informtion , I would be vry happy to provide it .
Yor sincerely ,
Mrgarita Gavrioa
Old scol dance .
ancin is smthing tha uan beings always id , in e way or another .
Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to mit hat I love allt .
Even if tere e a lo of variants , I pefer classical llet .
Sine I was a chid I wane to learn w baleinas uld dance so graiously .
On the other hand , I alays loved claical musi .
or me it was the efect combinaion .
Lucily , we got a word of a dancing schoo .
ha , by chance , happen to be nr my on .
I spent ur years dog one of the thng I lve the mot , dancing .
Sdy , things do n't alwys work out te a we expect .
Jut as my enthuiasm for balet trive , my grae in school kp falling .
Consequently , I ha to lav .
There ar so things you should ta nto consideration if you ant to try this sprt .
Ball reques a ot of ti nd effort .
It 's t only a physica sport , you really ed to get your mind into it .
Furthermore , ballet is expensiv . Spposing that this type of danc is n't a tradition in yu couny , prepare to en your wallet .
This is a short ory wrttn by D. B. aulfield , the big bothe of lden Caufield who is e main charcte in Th Catcher in h R fom J. D. Sliger .
om of the selcte aspects r tis assignment wre the characteristics th Holden sy he iks in others of his faorit books sin ti is o of them .
D. B. Caulfield is a witer and he used to write shor stories , including a bok of short stories titl The Secret Goldfish , in wic you a fid Holden 's favorite on , The Secret Goldfh .
Holden ells us that his brother is n writin or Hollywood .
He does not like tat his brother is " prostiuing himel " by writing script or moves sin he does not ie mvis .
The purpose of th assignment is to exlore the possible short sry D. B. wrote ad hat Holden ike so much .
Ths a achieed by usng as a reference the information tha Holden give us aout this shor try nd including things in it that he might lke .
Aftr giving instrtions for stag three , I was buy checking t register . I i n't monitor Ss for te rst for minutes .
As a rsul , I foun two Ss opening teir booklets nd reading the oiinal tx to copy the sentences .
I was luck to notice that ad I ade it lea to he who ass ha they should n't open their booklets .
Also , Ss were riting the sentences indvidually in their ntbook instead of oosing nly ne peron to wrie or e whole team .
I actualy a to stop the whole class ad ask them to nomnte one person to wrte fo the whole group .
I also notice that one team is ot wring anyhing .
hen I appoached em , hy said he ca n't remembe te exact rds that were dicated .
Aothr am used e words to mk setences that are unrelted to the try .
Ss cod hardly her each other ell bause of th rtangular layout of the room .
The chairs ere placed in a U shape ich me it dfficult fo te members to discuss their ideas an to maintain e ontact .
Aditionally , one team had finished reconstructing heir stor hle oher tems needed more tme to finis he ak .
I forgot to pepre extra materas r fast finishers .
I was lucky to remember h word search at te end of t booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
I also forgot to set the time for he activity .
Ss did n't ko hw muh im they hv to fnish e tak .
As a resut , oe am only finishd hlf of h sntenes .
Dear Paul ,
Wh I gred to go and help out at he concrt , it wa no mista to do so .
I enjoyed ery aspt of the expeienc : te people , e music , the atosphere , ... Wn I frs arrived at that buldng , I could not find the entace .
hn on of te bnd meers nd some early visitors came along ad tok me to te otr de of the stree into a p .
From the cridor an undergound pathway led to the basemnt of t strange building oposite .
It is still a mystery to me how so my people mnaed to find teir ay insie , t when we we in the concrt hal at last , udreds wee there already nd peopl wer obviosl laughi abot he fact that the mn entrance d magcaly disapeared .
The atmosphere was rally nice ; the peope wr so ght - hearted and I just felt ke I ould be friends it ayne immediately .
Of core , I originally me ther to work : puting the hairs and tbles right , enurin that everyone in my appoited space was ell - fed , and keping an e on the cash coune .
B fo the greatest pat I was ab to just listen to he muic and sing alog with the jovial uys leang against h b .
But I rease w ha it 's quite lte alreay and tt I ought to sleep . I 'll wrte h rs to o as son as I an ; I haven't told to the best part yt !
See you on ,
Greets
5 .
y orwad
5.1 .
Raising the acadmic perforanc of Students
T pricipal is dedicated to dveloping a favourble lrning environment .
Given h learning xperinces in t pat to ya 's shool - bse uppor , some ond teaching strategies have ben developed and thee include the provision of adequa anguage inputs , ELP n Thinking Tls .
All of th ave have ben taken a good progress in deeloping P.1 - 4 school - sed mathematics urriculum hle there is stl an re f developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
In view of these favourable conditions , higher expecations could be s to improve the larnin progress and nhance e learning performance of NCS .
The iprovement of TSA resls a internal results celebated the success of teachers ' forts .
More collaborate effort should be pid to mke us of te sound teachig strategies with the ai of improving e learning perfrmance of NCS .
5.2 . Sutining capacit bildng thrgh CLP
Gven the experiences gained in te support services , mny mathematics teachers hv been equipped wth necessary skills in idenifying the learning needs of students nd developing effective strategies for teaching C .
The schol ould consider steping up collaborative eforts in develping coherence in curriulum deveopent .
he CLP col be further adpte as a vehicle to identify e learning needs of students and to build capacity of teches .
More professional opportunities ould be purposefully arrage to explore some effctive rategies and pomot discussio among teachers .
Sharing among teachers could be encouraged to undertad he learning of NCS .
Tcnology plays a k re in ou modern lvs .
Nowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be able to stop ord faine .
The resear on in is field h provided new mechniss that ge the impession of ing an atenative to yeld te necessary aont of cops for humans , unfrtuntely , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe or hman consumpto .
It migt be a case of concern that l the research done has een und the command of priae crpoations tha de ful acce to experiment reports , eaving a uster of quesons without a swer .
Copanes as Monsanto that eginees pants with steei seed , ecourage non - sustaiable production models that pomote the extinction of independent farmrs who he to choose betwn tir liestle a e new farming a .
According to an articl publhed by UA in 2001 , the inroduction of GMC 's has h a huge impct on he global mart .
The onopolitic and monopsoni features shown in GMC companes establish that the esearch do in th field has nothing to do ether ih sience or with techology and even les wih the glbl food security .
h usage of genetically modified cop has provn to be dangerous o humans as el as for the environment .
In thr quet r the perfect seed , entic engineers have strengthned crops that are destoyng te seds biodiversity , as san by a research led by Greenpeace , MC rps e threatenng to human health because they preent mor toxic traces ha non - modified ops .
Consequently , we ms be arful wh h decisions we make .
It is worth mentioning tt we never know the imact that scientific esearch nd harvesting ecniques are oig to have over our lie , ut e fate of hose improvements depends on the applcation at umans give them .
In concusion , I would rathr say tt compaies must reinforce our humanity before maipulating the nvironment in sc a radia manner .
ENGLIH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
Introduction
h purpse of this rert is to analy nd assess the imact of English - laguage television pogrames on talian culture and to make suitable recommendations .
Popularity of English - language TV programmes
T presene on electronic devices of English - lauage TV prorammes is becoming more d more prominet .
A srey as carried out in h ot poplated talian cities ad 2000 citizens we interviewed on 22nd Otobe to quantify hei interest in such segment of the natioal TV schedl wih te followg rslts :
• 40% of hose interviewe , st of which hv proven to be young people , declred thy wch English - language TV programmes at lest five times a we ;
• 30% of tem sated hey watch te at ms twie a eek , u they wuld so more otn if hy wee subitled ;
• 30% of tm id ty nver watch tem .
ople enjoy listening to the originl aio , hich entals realism and naturalness .
Besdes , avoiding h dubbing prcss , epises ca be seen in oncrt with their original arin .
Imat on lcal ulure
Although he importion of such programmes has produe positive efets , su as he itroducion of new perspectives on different aspct of ie , it s also produced negtve outcoms .
Italian companies must fe the hallenge s by the market demand due to the importato of any forign traditios .
Recommndatons
It is highl recommended that e government should provide aeqate financial support to traditional small busnesses .
I ould therefore suggest tht lcal poucts be protected and valorised , to be able to reply to t hrat represente by low rice imported ones .
Oe intellient person once aid : ' The world is a ok and hse wh do nt travel read only one pag . '
I totally agree with th statement and , to my mind , eopl should travel a lot because our world is incredible .
But hee is ne ore question : travel by c or pblic trnsort ?
Fit of ll , of course , travelling by car is much more convenient than , fo exmpl , by u .
You n drive wherever and whenever yo want .
Even us in citie , t it lon travelling at long disancs .
But , on th other hand , raffc jm or bad wather can make ur trip inconvenient .
Moreover , there are t my parkng plaes in bg cities .
Secondly , travelng by public tansport is muh heaper .
No a eole c afford travling by a evey y so they choose pblic transpot .
Thrdl , we houl take care of o environment !
Cars pollute our air what leads to many diseses such as shma , alrgy and evn ancer .
Moreover , cs rlease pisonous exhaust fumes n hemicas into h a , which mi with te water in h loud , and th polluted rain , hich later alls , damages trees , lke a buidigs .
So , my avice is to tvel by bicyce ( at ast , use pulic tranport ) because it is envirnmetally iendly !
Summary of the aticl " Bsines à la franças " wih w written by Simn Kpr .
By Ao rodeur , student number 1234567 , clss ABCD1EF .
The diffeence in work meetings beteen the riish and race are ta th British want to make decisions ad the France way mor le a debate , as is written in a guide r Franc - Britsh businss relationships .
Te opinion of Simon Kuper is tt he mn reason for the misunderstandings are different languages .
This in contrast to h gid " Light at the End of t unel : Pracicl Reflecios on te French and British in Business " publihed by t Freh chamber of commerce in Gra Briai .
The by he UK 's Foreign Office in 194 published ooklet " instructions fr British Serviceman in Frnc " is sil useful for te mo , nwadays .
The late ato Louis de Funès is etioned as a ole ode by he chamber of commerce 's guide .
When you get hed by a British employer it will be because of your xperiene or achievements as a leader in sports .
In France the lel of education is h man reason or irng soeone .
British does n't speak ou what tey r hinking , in ontrast to the Dutch .
he chamber 's guide was written by bsiness men and women who we famiar wth the hits of bot countries .
omething to remmer is tat pople alw each oher their ow naional habits , up to a ertain point .
In 1995 e Fenc came to notice that their lngush was n't enough fr doi business worldwide .
is is on of the easons y most French under 50 es n't speak English vy well .
Itrnational relationships e bilt by people who can speak the same languish and who ar at h sm lee of thir vocabulary .
The tive speakers seek each oter out , t Britih ce together th t Amricans ad the ench well … they are on their own .
If the rench and Britsh spke the same languish venl , the trade would go up by 44 pr cn .
It 's no us to eah rench on schools , beaue t French only except near ntive speakers .
It 's better to talk British nd orc it on the .
« I 'm 22 years old and my nme is Dani .
I live in a smal on caled Gycksb and I 've be part of Unga Kris volunteering programs sice he mmer 21 .
At first , I joined Unga KRI and strted volunteering to hve fun and meet nw peole .
Now tat I have been volunteering or a while , my expectations he changed : Un KRS is stil a pac where I expect to have fu and mee w peop bu I also expct to row even more as a person , to take on resposibilities an ae my fears in iferent social situatin . »
I choose hs top becaus I think oluteer work is important .
Volunteer work provides an orgnization with free resources to hl it achieve gas .
In many cses , olunteers are crucil to lp maintn life , as whe eas a delivered to hoebund people .
Someies volunteer work , such as rnovaing a lyground , benefits the broader cmmuniy .
And while volunteer wor is imprant for he ndividals and communiti served , it also eefits e vountee .
I ae already one volunteer work and it 's something I want to do aga .
It 's something that makes ar of our grow to adltood .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business , for me , wa ne of te ot excting choices tha I made .
Of course , without th full support of my fami I could n't ve doe it .
At frs , I found it as an exhilarating nd rewarig chalene , although it was a mdes shop .
In fc , I w reponsibl and I had he determnation ad the skills , because I learned it from my parets .
But it was n't enough , he fact of the matter was that I ignord that ein slf- employed ntailed lf - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a grat deal of patience with the cutmers , it was so hard!.
hings gradall improved ay by day for a tm and my renees stated growing .
So I dd n't ind woring against time and long hours .
I ot use to it .
I was ver ambiious !
During the next ten ars , I was thrilled about te ct to pu aside in rder to build ou at step by tep .
Whn I t arried , things uckly wnt from bad to worse because I hd to work at two shfts , at he n e sop .
It was exhausting ! !
Introduction
The ai of this reprt is to examine the pssiility of hotng e European fooball championship in my county .
This report oulies the bnefits an t posibe objcions .
Loation
As a mater of fat Budapest , t capital city of Hngary can be a vr ood competitor fr hostng this portin evn .
The rier Danub ivides Buapes into tw pat .
Mari Ilan is a favourite destinaion fo runners and loers .
e island boasts fresh air and cla prks .
Bda cstle is an imressive acint picturesu building ad attactive tourist locatio .
Transpotatio system
Regardless of the mode of transport , fres re ve affordble .
T transportatio syte is effective .
h obsolete trams and troles had een replaced .
Th nderground system n ease congesto .
Bicycle tais can criss - cross th it .
You can rent ikes .
Faciltis
1 . )
Pusás Ferenc stadum hs ample seats for t spectators .
It is suitble for 68976 peple .
2 . ) Airport Hotl is the mst adjacent accmmodaion to the Liszt erec airport .
This inexnsive hotel has 112 rooms .
3 . ) Le Meriien is set in h cty 's fasonable busins h .
h luxurious hotel s 21 roms .
Cultural Lfe
The flourishing clturl life wi fascinate iitors .
e dmissin 's tickets to h most of Budapest 's museums ae comparatively chap .
I recommend the Hungarian National Mseum .
Objections
h main onern is related to etty crime , especially th pickpocketing .
In ddtion , he omeless peopl have to seep in te street .
Sugestions
ld historical buildings are in disrepar .
The government should renovate t buildings ich would be a great shelter or homele pele .
The olie hef shoul reinfoc their atro offices to tackle he rie .
In onclsion it ould be a god idea ad a viable ay through sponsorships .
Moreve , is oud be advntageus both for hosting ci ad h turits .
It happned in Ma 208 .
I had ust graduated the Acaemy and ws on my summer holiays .
I a loking o a b .
By ht time I had visited ix interviews , but nobody ws intereted in my candida .
I ws a little bt a , bcaue all my frinds h leady foud a job .
I decide to go to my parents and sped a fe weeks helping them with a renovation of their house .
It ws h third a of my vis .
I a painting the frot wall of the house when a postm cme .
He brought a eter for me .
I was urprised becuse all my friens knew that I had n't ben liing at my parets ' house .
I opeed the envelope d found in it an fer of employment .
At firs I id nt nderstad aythin and I had decied tat it ws a mistake .
But the I remembered when I wa 15 I 've sent my scientific ork to h Patent service .
It turned out at they send my work to a w Instituts and n of them ws interested in me .
That dy w a str of my scientific reer .
u life - 50 yers ro now
Most pople think tat in 50 years ' im , we wi have ued up all the Earth 's natural resources .
Th ay that te Ear 's population wi need to find and colonise two planets as u forests an fresh water supplies will vanis .
Of course , l of ts is unrealistic .
It 'll be impossible for people to liv on othr plaes in 50 years ' ti .
Tecnolgy wo n't ve been advanced ough by that ti .
ut it 's ot entirely mpossble .
Thre is a litt trth ad possibility in it .
In 50 years ' time , ayb not l of h nural resources il have en ud up , b mot of it ten wll ave en exploited .
Mankind will have found otr eneg sources , simia to wind owred ergy , solar energ d ter poere energy .
Maybe hy wil be sng aos or hdrogn , since hydrogen is l aroun us d it 's ver powerful .
I 'm ompltely su that 50 ars from now we ill still be living on Earth , alough our life styles il hav chaged a lot .
Many young students wh have fiised her secondary education wonder whethe th should tak a yr f bore ey ak h os important decision abot wic uiversty course ty fi suitable for tir future .
So , is it really worth it getting ay from it all an eting off on a journey arun the world or taking their first job ?
On the n hn , there are many stdets who strongly believe at aving a break fo quite a long tme is a waste of time .
Frsly , most teenagers who are aganst hi idea are nvinced that the uniersity ourse they have chose ll be he future caeer in teir lives .
Morver , they feel ty hve to ake he mo of tei time to becoe a univeity graduate and et a life in hat hey relly lov .
Conversel , tre a any teenagers who ed to tae the time d see much of what the world s to offer hm .
Terefore , ey choose a j that is relaed to a hoby or sort so at they can learn ro and ear mony at t me ime .
Otes , by cotrast , hoose a country or rae an itinerary to tave to the pla of the dreams and set off to li ew eperiencs .
To my mind , aining experience of ny kind and tkin a year gap before lnging into applying for a university coure will broaen young people 's erspecive to life nd wl hep them become more cnident it what they relly lv .
Luckily enough , he ma end up workng in aothr cunry or their obby could bcom their areer .
I larned soewher ht th best tng to make a pth through your writing is to start tiping .
I 'm not sure if thi is true or wrong , beaus sipy I 'm not here to jug or comment on the authenticiy of the statement , but rathr , I 'm here to make my th through riing .
What is a path thouh writig ?
ow can one know thy gt te talent ?
w can oe kw they hav the gts ? wat I believe , and think it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as el as callousness make people write try ht they think , without any le , withut ny camouflage and wthout any kind of burnished layers .
Witers otn mak ther masterpices hny and glowing in oder to make it more acceptable by peole , es shokng to he and lss close to the reality from which readers a he intenion to esae when they hav picked that piece of ritin in t first plce .
Popl hold different iws about the caes of crime .
While some peoe aru that bd human natur is th reason , it is undeniable hat soca problems and indigence e respnsile for the prolfration of wrongdoings .
To begn wi , it is ue that human are often born wh greed ad selfishness .
For example , it is not dfficult to e the edia tlking bout a o wo kils his prents o money or a gil ho is murdered by he bofriend out of re due to jealousy .
Thse cies ma be comittd by sensible pele o are o ale to contrl themelves at crucial ime .
Tu , bad natural personality can be e eed of rime .
On the ohr nd , I wold arg tat poverty cn be the mor ctayst for illegality .
It means that a number of law offenders can not sutan thei livihood , and thy desrately xperiene lmied options to ern money .
As a result , he are easily drawn by t alue of wealt , which eads to ileal ativities such as het , kidnapping or du traficking .
Big cties su as Hanoi or New Delhi wines a growt in juvnile delinquey which stly stems from rual and unerdeveloped aras .
The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly as a negtiv effect on the city 's life .
In addition , the prevalence of ocial media uch as television or h intert is partially to blme .
The effc of adlt moves on the Interet can caus ffece such as rape .
Also , films and video games containing volent scees can stimulate audiences to itate those acts d comt crimes .
Ti is partcularly omon among young people who are nabl to differentiate between fiction and reality .
In conclusion , although human naur is likely to be a cause of rme , I hold te position tht rme occur du to scial media nd pverty .
In th past people used techology as a tool for making survival an easier endaor .
Noadys we are witessng a hft in the role technology is plying in our socity and may continu to ply for generations to come .
In the modern - a world technology is no onger a tool for urvival but it turned to a eas of comuncation ad eterainment .
Mas communication tchnology has made it esir than ever to connect wih people .
At the sae ti his rais the concern of wether technoog s a good or ba ifluence on ou society , is the use of tecnoloy detroying face - to - face inraction n communication btween people ?
Whenever you 're in a ffee shop , standing at a bs stp or taking the tube yo n easly see ho people are connected to each other ung different ort of lectroic vices .
The primary cnern regading this new communication behavi is whehe it mae face - to - face interaction and comunication beween people nonexistent .
This is true in any aspct as hs m ad to living in a virtual worl that oy includes interacting ith pople with textig and social networks .
This eads , among other thing , to the abilt fo eope to be onely , as havin too man virtua rendships auses the inability to establish meaingful relatnships .
he oun generations in r sciet are participating in a massive , unintentional social expriment the reults of ich a not enrely predictable .
Nwadys , socety tns to prjuge oters jus because of their actions and witht nowing te real motve of te behaour .
But with Coon 's quoation , we can clealy se that it has happened ince years .
I persolly believe ta imitation is just the sincerest form of admiration .
In our current society we can e it daily .
Lot of chlden got heir hair cut as eir faourite football playrs , others res like their favourite acors ad actrsse or vn adlts a as their role model , just because th ll do have something in cmmon : thy admre hoe peop .
Flattrin is different , it is easir to recognize .
If soeone depends on yu d s / he is constantly pying attention to o and being , in a colloquial way , a " bron nose " , you notic and become awar of it quckl .
ust because of their attitde and aptitde , their behaviour … smply in the way hy ct , we can e hir intention .
Nowadays , in some determiae ases , people he they pretend to get a good psitin or be promote , hey fltter .
And we can see these examples in mn itutions , when we fd iept and inomptent workes .
hn acding to hee job is not through civl service exams , I think tre are nly tw ays : ifluences or flatter ; n to be honest I do n't now wht I prefer .
To um up , I would le to invite people who agree it h quotion , to rehink their opinion ecause everything is n ha it sees to be .
I ca n't think of any one reason wh I ant to be a sureo .
t I c think of a thousand reasons why I should qu .
The make it hard on purse .
The re ives in our nds .
There comes a moment when it 's more th jst a game .
An ou ether tke that step orwrd , or tu arund d alk way . I cold quit .
ut he 's t thing : I love t playing field .
It 's l bout lines .
e fini line at the end of residency , waitg in lin f a chnc at the operating tbe , and en , thre 's the most imprtant in .
T line separating yo fom the peple o work with .
It ds n't help to t too famiar .
To make friends .
Yo need boundaries btween yo a t rst of the ord .
Oter popl ar f o mess .
It 's ll about lines .
Drawing lines in t sand , n rayng like hel no one croses them .
B hee re om line ... ta r way too dangerous to crs .
B hre 's wa I know .
If you 're iling to tke the chance ... the vw ro the other side is spectauar .
Tee 's anther way to survive this competition .
A way that no one ever seems to tells you about .
( Meredith is leaving for the day .
e sees Vipr with hs friend a thy smil at eac the ) e ou have to learn for yourself .
umbe five : it 's ot about the ra at all .
The a no winners or losers .
Victories ae counted by the number of ives aed .
And nce in a wile , if you 're smart , h life ou sve could be your own .
I am really itersted in martial ars , suc as ikido , Jud and self - dfense tha I hav aleady pratced .
There are ome th do t need o ch forces and strengths , such as Thai chi and ther th ne more lk Karate , Jud , and so .
These kinds of sports have so advanaes and disadvantages .
the irst advantage of martal ar is to improve self - confidene .
Wen you practie martial rts , you larn how to prtect yourself against any sudden attack .
You il get red to fight ith oers , regardless their srengths , ages and so on .
We u do a technique successfully on or opponent , you feel mo cofidence .
Scond advantage of oing artil arts is h to respect ohes .
Every time , yu do a technique you have to show ou respect to opponent , and lso other ranks , regardess to their age .
Third one is movement and coordination between different parts of body ; eyes , hands and legs .
When y do a technique or defense agist a technique , u control your ody 's oveent an coordiate them to work in te sme tie .
Some people ink thre ae some disadvantges lke ijur , and getting aggressive .
According to suies , martial rts have fewer injuries than other sports like soccer .
People wh practie martial rs are es aggressive because hey practice to control her inner energy , n so to respect .
I suggest tat everyone should try martial prts .
But before sartng , yu suppse to evaluate your needs ad ur halt conditon .
n hn you are starting , follow he discipline and fin the ideas d houghts that e hidden bein the mements n tehniques .
In the ther word , ty to understand the philosophy of the sports before learnig the tecniqes .
Ls night I ad he oppotuniy to atend a marvelous ay ase on he bo " Alice in Wonderland " which as enthusiastically received by both adults and cildren .
The orginal work was written by h mthematical , logical nd British writer Lewis Carroll .
T wonderland that is desribe in te book is created through logic gaes , d , hereore , it is understadable the success it has achived in he mos aried evironment .
T exceptioal ply tha we saw yesterday faures all the icni chaacters adapted to soe extet adapted to t resen ti , such as , the hie Rabbit , Mad Hatter , te blue caterpillar or e Qeen of Heart .
e of t bggest differences with he bo is e tmosphere created on sta and t characterization of the characters .
he only ngative comment I could mke is ht you do not have the possibility to let your imagination in he se ay that hen u re t book .
However , I strongly ecommnd going to e tis pay bcaus it ha a get ppea to oth adults n hildre .
ik what was once , I ve no doub that this wrd of wonders will remain mportan in h coming yers .
ationle :
" Ecourge learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be thre to roide aners " Aternatves to whole cass fedack onesopenglsh .
hi lesson was te thrd trail of giving tdents writn structions ad ving them exlain to he classmates ha activities need to be don .
Thi tie in ordr to furter reduce my TT I handed oe the correcion of civities to th tdents as well .
I hope by handing oer the complete cntol to the cls this would gie them more hance to prtice real wol discussion n negation . techniqe
The amount of talking do by t studens was ore ta pleaig .
They enjoyed bein the"boss " and giving telling othe studes what to do .
I had an exact coy of what the students a on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time ratr than in te lesson lan its self .
This mad eery thn seem less cluttered and more mnageable .
I highlighted anything ta required an actin fro me on my cpy of h lue e.g. handing a studen the answr to an exercise .
Giving th studets te answers the exercises was a partiall efficent way to encourage the stunts to speak moe .
I foun that the clss halenged the student o had the answer , if they a writen ow something different .
I foun tht hey challenged each ther more tan thy ev do me .
Ths method made the class livly and gv t students a canc to really fend thei points of view .
They ud a lot of lagage tha they oud be able to use in eeryday discussions ( arumets ) outside of h classroom .
Tis is the first tim I hve ted th method and I nelcted to leae th students extra time to be able to benefit fuly fom th exercise .
The enjye the eercise so much that my ting s completely of .
I decided to ct an exercise in order to lt the stuets cotiue teir discussions .
In heinz sight giving tis uch control to the class and introducing a w d tricky grammar pot ( pa mdals ) w nt the bs coie .
Insights for fture essons :
Te nt time I do this lesson I wod use a more kils bas lessn with perhas a listening or a shrt rding .
If grammar w prt of h lesson It woul ed to be a int ha is bing rvisd .
esite having tmng isue , I fel th th ar this a h las with he most atral tudent participation a he owst amount of T .
I throughly enjoyed the essn and accoding to stude feedback , so did ey .
at year , I visited one of the most hisoric n famous ctie in th ord , Rome , a city her yu c id a couty insde it .
It 's a city where ou can ecreae a at of the Eurpen hstory , hnks to he ncint d magniicet buildn , an ere yo can enjoy e last tehnologies and have fun .
I do oe th city , a I hope ou also li it .
I uggst visitin the Vatican , as I ai at the bginnin ; the unty inside the city .
It 's a ug , historic and imposin building .
Inside it , we c fnd he well knw sstne chpl , I ca n't el you how it is , bause last yea when I et , there w a haneover of pope , and it wa clsed an I ould n't ntry .
On h other ad , tere are more places to visit , as the Coliseum or something else .
Whatever happes , I 'm re , u 'll njoy h iy .
Wt regard to th weather , I ent in March , and it was a ltte ol o my ast and it raid , so if I were you , I ould go a few mnths later .
Furthermore , if yo go in summer , ou shoul go to a lively area an be wi the interesting ad ne pole , bt like every ity , be careful with he rough areas .
Despite the people 's opinions , if you have t oportnity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it f yourlf .
FRIENDSHIP TOAY
As the majority of you I have friends who are til around me sne ay years g although we do n't see ec ther reularl , others imly have sftly become less important n some luckily hv recently entere my life .
At ome point , all of us have benefited enormously from a real friendship .
th ny dobt a goo fried is a treasu .
unting on someone capable of undrstanding your demands , who shares with you h innermost feeling a wh is abe of discussng posile misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
As the sying goes " A iend in ed is a friend idee " .
Nertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empthy .
If you respect yur friends then he wll respect yu .
In other words , no matte h far you lie , a go frid will aways support to you .
Criosly , yu never know wre will you fid a riend and every stage of your lie brings y the opportuniy to te advantage of new eopl who maye atends to the same srt lessons tha y or simply or in the same company .
It is surprising h amount of nce pope next to yo sometimes , an it is a question of spending some time to realize that yo av o n frind .
As I said before every mment in ou ie is different as your friends probably are t .
Dr mal ,
Hi!How are yu ? Have ou found yu car keys ?
Or has it ra away ?
I antd to wrte to yo earlier , bu we d my istes ' bitday party and I had an allergic reacion rom somting I 've neer eaten before .
At first we dd n't kn wha w it from , ten I reaied th he ke ad blue beris , and I 've ner eaen one bfoe .
After we t th cae , I found my mo looki at me an screaming:"Oh !
What 's at ! ?
" , then I found everyone saing at me .
Some ony taed , se screamed , and he ther aughd at me , the peoe who were screain , n wh were staring .
I di n't know a happening , d wh they were acting ike this .
Suddenly I fe my hol body ithig me , m tk me upstairs .
When I looed at the mrror , my face s spotted wih red pos and it id of turned prpe , wh I looked at my hns ad my ar , it a all rd rom my fingers when I was scratching them , and h parts tht wer n't red , tey were spted like my ce .
Anyways , mm ve me a medine(I do n't know wha it is ) , ad a cream fr my arms an hands because hey wre turing blue .
t , thnks to m , I feel much beter n .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to heck on everythin om le berries .
Hoe to ha frm you soon .
yurs ,
Zahaa .
Ho is the exerience of learning another language ?
he learning of our oher tongue language is a long term rocss that everye has to be ivoved in .
Hover , wo is skilled in seaking a foreign language has a huge advanage in a compeitive and worldwide society .
I had t opportunity to have diferent language clases , such as English , rnch and Spansh .
On e one hnd , I have been earnig Engis for so long that my good profeceny have gien me the chance to get a position in an international work am .
On e ter hand , I have leared Frenc n Sanish just or a few mths , because I was urios to learn the fical language of he counties , were friends and reltves are livng in .
I am only ae to ad sime wrksheets and to mke a rie presentation abu me .
As a student of these casse , espially , of ngish ; I reaized ht , alhoug the clsses wr imortnt , a systematic languge practice s essetial for recing an advanced level ad , moreover , for maintainng it .
Terefore , e harde task of learning another laguage is to keep a high level of motivaton to ork on it and to pa r it .
Nverthelss , erning anohr language has may benefits , such as the ability in liing and visiting countres with different languas , meting foregn people , wrking in an internationa environment , raing boks or websites in oter languages , etc .
Ths , I suggest that eveyne learn anothr language , in ord to be a itien , no of a country , but of the world .
The RBBERNEKER novl revie by rian Geco
Bauer 's fout nve is an originaly surising thrller whh inclde an astonishing ie of Asrgen syndroe from te prospective of Patrick , a trnee medcine sudent .
With th tender age of 18 nd copin wh i ecentric social code an all the possible corae , Ptrick moves om hs mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to purue hs greatst dream , ok in te natomy Deparment at Cardff niversity .
The write lets us bseve he fea , anxiety ad the defenceslessness of a , a neurological patient who is st eginnng to eere from its cmatose sta and has yet to deal with the relity of his new situation , sortig ut pieces of mories inolving relatives an not que understanding why a woman he does n't know anything abou lams to be his wif .
Patrick performncs brilliantly the atopy of Sa and fis u shocking inormation whi eds the eder to the discovery of tragic n incidntal dath of neurological patients involving all at once octors , nurses and atint 's relatives .
In this task , atrick will be heped out by Lx , the daughte of his utopsy corpse , to thow some ligt out of the ceepy suspicion of medcal mistreatment and their darket conseences .
Peter looked at his ach and knew tt he had to do something mmediately .
It was to late and the others ere n't cming , the sun as ettng and looking for them s n't an optin .
They had to hink , and ey had to do it quickly because thoe things , th things that came t at niht , were rowng stoger and stronger .
Eveything started with some ataks here and there but no one really knw what wa hapening , so the attacks wr tged as " animal attacks " .
But when they became more frequent d witnesses descrbed huge , flry , dark nd terrifying creatues with bod - ho eyes , panic grew over th population .
Government uthorities told ople to sy cl an a curfew w establishe , bt ete was on the camping holidy with hi st iends d only hard this whn th t anoter gru of people that , fortuntely , h a radio .
Th ol them eveything .
In oder to be stronger in nmber , they befrended the pople and hlped each other .
The new grou worked vr well together but thee as thi girl he just old n't stand at all .
And now he ws alne wth er , waiting or h others to ome ack .
" It 's the end of the world , ad I have to spend it ith you ? " he whspered , the night had already falen and they dd n't an an unwanted vistrs .
" Oh , shu up o delicate foer " said the girl . "
Get over it !
We will ha to e along if we want to suvive " .
Her words of wisdom lt Peer stned .
Dear camp irector :
I have workd for a long ti in a school d I cnsider myself very ood wit kids and teenges .
I 'm 23 years old ad love to cook nd I also love to be outdoors and py sports wth the kids , I love organizing actvitie fo children and actually playing with he , I 'm alwys cheerful an in a grat oo , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good level of english speakig and I 've aways been hardworking and energetic
I 'm als very good it rst aid , so if someone is hut I 'm very helpful with that too , I can do pret uh anhing at y an me to , I oe l kids an I ove sening me with he , I love playig outsde an carn for l t chldren .
overl I jus ove cildren
Thank y
Marian
Dear au , ou a right , it is really a brave st u yu kno hw much is terrble e situain in Itay and I av dede to co to te UK to imrov my cv as well .
My la is simple , I want to make the best of this British experience by suying Englis and posbly by finding a ttle job .
By the way , if yu cn ed me a ls of j vcanies in your city it would be ret .
At he moment I am sruggling wi the tranlation of my cv .
I am wonderng if you coul help me by givng me some tips to write a perfc cv , or at last accetabl .
I do not want to other you u it would be fantasic .
In return for your hlp I ould tec o some Ialin ecipe that I now yu are fond of !
I have jus found a chea accommodati in a hostel which is vr convenient to all the acilities .
Even hough I am y and I ik my privacy , I think that dung this expeience it wl be better to have contacts with foreign people to prcise my poke English as much as posble .
o l 's talk abot t good things .
Th aim of ts exerience is also haing fun an gret ime wth you .
For exape , what aut oing or some waks across t countryside or renting a bke ?
I kow at the country is really lovely there .
Ok , I have to you eveyhing an I really should finish packing !
Thank you in advance n I am loking forward to heaing from yo .
l the best
Sili
I am rther laz as a erson , I ca n't s I rally enjoy spts in general but I definitely le alkin .
I thk it 's so ffctive : avig a ng walk on the reen ills that surround my wn , breahing eeply , enjoying the rfume of nature ad the wondrfl sits n colours of flowers a trees , it 's the est fr me to cle my mind .
hen it 's snn , I le it even me if ossible : the war hug of he sun makes me feel loved , cuddled a so gatefu r hat .
hee 's no special advic to give to somebody wo ant to sat this acivit : if y aim oing something go for your halh and f our nd , just wear comfortable clothe , put you ai of riners on , choe the most insprig lae and just go and eoy any inute of it .
You may want se nic msic with you , so an Id is a handy solution to clect all your favourite sng ad set up the perct soudtrak to your wlkng activity .
I would recommend 30 min per ay , to et he mo of this activiy : it does n't tke o much of your spare time nd y 'll get great beneits from it .
It 's very cheap as well : except for your jumpsuit n a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't equre any extra cost f tchnica or sophitiated eqipment .
Dear Jo ,
Tank you for your emil .
I 'm really apy that you are gong to come to my country .
Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zeland , but I can gv you some advice about travelling and working in Korea .
I thik ti is a very god eprience to you ecaus you can ear about another lture ad people 's a of thinking .
So , I suggst ou try to get a worng holida visa of Korea .
If you hav hat isa , you can tael a also work .
As u know , if you have norm tourim visa , yu ca n't wr .
In Korea , we have many kid of wok which is related to English , so you can get a job easy .
Also , if you wa to work mre specifc plc such as electric copay , ubli office nd so on , o a apy to itenship programm .
If you get th inteshp , y ca work as a rl busnessman .
w lo do you want to tael ?
Normally , summer is t be seaon for traelling .
We ave lt of beautiful beaches and mountains .
In umer , yu an enjy many acivities on t beach an also o an go hiking .
Especially , I stongly recommend you go to Jeju slan .
It is h os pplar place hat people want to go .
So , now I have to go back to work .
If u want to ow more information out ora , et me knw a I do n't mind checking yur plan to go Koe .
All he best ,
Yeen
It as a winter ight .
While mot people tayed at home next to th firepace , I w on the oin of changing my life .
Not only was it going to change my life , t also her person 's life .
Suddenly , te streets of te village were witnesses of th deadul crime .
Some days later , sombody knocked at the door .
When I opened , I was handcuffed straight awy and I prtened to be urprised .
Wen we arrived at the police office , I met an oficer called ichae .
He told me he s going to nteview me . I had rid to t id of e od .
Neverthless , h polic had found out the burid body .
Michael asked me were I h be at h me of the cri and I answered him at I had been at home aing a rst with a friend wo coul ear ou te aib .
While the inerview , I reaised the different ways I woul use to e wy if I were alone .
Forunately , Michael , w d n't thought ha otion , lft th interrgtion room .
Mihae closed he door nd knew at tha moment he ad made a miake .
eter lookd at his watch and new th he a to do something immeiately .
Tm was running out , he thuht to himsf .
Een now , as he stood in the doorwa of this abanoned apartment building he ew that they my be hot on s trail .
Wit over wo hudred thousand ollars in is a he was a gant walking targ .
He sied , knowing ht een the es aid plans crumble a ws gd tha he s tauh to la to police standas .
Peter egan his so disset ino t bwels of h building in front of m .
Rged nd wo , it certain had seen better ds .
raffiti covered the lower prtons le a tistd srt , doors msing , and windows gone .
His fet crunched on the unknown as he alked thogh he badoned allway .
Travelling arther down he found hi destiation , a smal step staircase covered in dust and shrude in a mist like fog .
Peter 's head erked around as h frt signs of s crime ce to light .
A police officers ca w zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
Now runnin , Pete soon fod himself on h top floor .
H aning tuned to a magnificent grin as he lked out the window d w a black eicopter heading in hs directin .
Home re , he thugt to himslf .
To begin with , I thnk tt ost peol us their car to go to wok d also wn hy go on holiday o to moe theseves aoud t city or town becuse the feel fee and do n't ve to pay atenion to e timetable .
Besides , publc transport is very cowde wt people at peak hrs .
ut , on t other hand , whe ty ravel abroad , it 's easier to take a train o a plane because you rrive faster n yu ed n't find a place to pak your car and if u want to go somewhere o a te a taxi or a bus or en he underground .
In conlusion , fom my oint of iw , if y ae in yo own on or cty , ou use you r ore ofen than we you ae visitig nother ountry n eing t ight .
nway , I do n't think ubic transport h no ture , but public trasport is ud on different ocaions from before and when y go to a place yu knw u wo n't be able to find a place to rk ad you ca n't waste tme looking for here to park .
This daram illustrates the complete proess of note - makig .
To ak bank nes , the fir ste is to propely design it .
Whi background colo and at ork e thorougl cosideed , security issues e one thin ta we can not ovr look either .
After this , metl plates ed to be prepard by skiled machinists so as to proceed to an nte prining , in which sage sheets r used to rit ( eah ontaiing 50 bn ots ) .
Also , special n is printed on bo side of t hee n the images e slightly raised .
Then oes h most mportant stage -- insection .
In hs tep , worers are eeded to anually inspect he quality of sheets ad divid them ito three groups : good quality , parally damaged qality an bad qulity .
Sheets in the second grop th get seerated into gd ones , whch , together wh good quaity heet , enter a process of packaging and istribuion whre seperate notes ae cut nd finally eer the arket , ad bad ones , hich go to dsposal wh bd ualit sheets , ere both groups get securely destroyed .
Tis leads us to a concusion that the ocess of ba nos creation is secure as we as simpl .
My boyrend .
My boyfriend is the et in l the entire round world .
He is my favourite person , and he always taes cre of me .
H name is Je and I loe m with all my eat .
I e h two years ago in a party , and sice ha day my lie s changed in many different as .
When I frs sa h I eve imagined that I would ve ha stanger his a .
I hav many memores with him , which I lways keep on my eart even if they re d or bad .
e of tem ws t y we wn to a concert of ur favourite DJ , we had so much fun , we aced , kissed and sang lik neve before that nigt .
I love it .
That day is ne of h meories I appreciate he most .
w on as , we re stil togeher , and we r as hppy as in ur beginin .
As a secret I cn ell o at I want to marry im so badly , I swear to god that my ife wul be much better if I can live all of it with hm .
Because I wat m to be my dugter's / n 's dad , and to shr an apartmnt with i , so we c buy ou first Christmas te as a oule with a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birthday , day , minute with im by my sde .
I n finally jut y that Je is th mos beautiful accident ta has happened in my life .
He los my faly , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all myself fro head to toe , a the mos impotant thing , he loves me wth al his hart .
I love m and I know tat I always will .
Alison ea t no , mied , n immediately u on hr at .
Dny .
Thank god for is existence in tis word .
" It 's tm for us to shine , " His handwritten wrds come to lif in e mind .
h could distinctively her his low , any voice in her head .
His dep chuckles sil mae butterflies in hr stomah .
r mn wandere to the firt momnt h aid eyes on beautiful Danny .
h pured her lips .
It was ot an absolutely pleaant experience .
In fact , she as still cnging at that ugly thought .
Inhale .
The oom was full of sweaty bodies .
They wee movig in slow - mtin .
Ery moemnt see to tae a mine to eeute .
lisn took a step rward a slammed into soene 's soked t - shirt .
Disgusting .
ison uickly wiped th remains of e peson 's sweat with r hands .
H ps curled in disgust .
" Excs me ? " i vic boome .
The persn wa hodin her wit , preventing her frm wiing any eat on her face .
She finaly looked up .
de eyed , red ps , os cheks , broad - ild d a ittl stubbl on his chi , he loke incredible .
e could n't hl staring and realised his yes wee nt te shade of any typal bl .
is le yes , wer uch darer wit nsecurity , dubt and mystery .
Her eyes gazd to his lips .
He mut have applied soe lip stick f it to be that ed !
Alison swallod er laughter inside her , knowing hs ws not e appropriate time to joke rund .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed louder is ime .
Ehale .
She opned he eys .
She d not wn to remembr aythig further on that night .
It wa terrible but it as the oly niht she t Danny .
If tht terrible ngt did t hppn , ht is happnes ?
Wht is hope ?
at is love ?
What is t point of living ?
h kns , s knows and she knos it is so wrong to pt a happines , dreams nd hpes on soeone tht may eae ayime but h oud no hp it .
We ned free books for our chools
This is an ol ettion .
Every ar we waste money byin new books o our studnt .
We also waste paper in thos bos .
We do no ned to go down hat road agin .
We can avd repeating t same mistak gan n agan .
First of all , let me tell t adavantages .
Th are obius , nevertheless , I feel I hould rpeat them .
Eah bk c be usd by oe han ne persn .
Terefre , it is cheaper . We cn save moy ad trees .
The former does not need any explanation .
he latte is going to be more important as time passes .
Nex we could as for help to u community . I have som books in my library I coul donate .
I have them because I have paid for them , ot for otr paricular reason .
I magie I am ot the only one h could donate books .
Lst bt no least , we ould create an assoiatin that uld be in charge of receiving oos at e beginnng .
Latr , it old support other schol initiaives .
In cnclusion , we shod rovie fe books to our students .
We must stop wastn r resources .
I am wriing to epress my ver tong interest ad motivation to work in o of th agest n most profesional companies in the wrld su as your company .
As I am plnnng to ve to reland wthi sevral months , I hav consdered DL as h bet choice for me in order to cntinu my professional n personal development in the bt ay .
I believe I posses te necessary skls and experience o are seeking d wou mae a vauable addition to your company .
As my CV indiates , I ossess a sinificnt and progressive expeiece in the ied of transportation loistic , organisation of people as ell as equipme , analysing d optimising the tansportaton costs in both domestc ad internaional transport t .
Yu wil ind me to be a reliale person ho has a professional , al ad honest approach to all work reatd matters .
Technically inded and wit od problem rsolutin skills , I am abl to ork efectivly in fat paced and ever haging enironments .
Additioaly , I wul lie so to point out soe of my personal qualities nd vaes I believe tha r extremely important in this profesion such as very ig motivation to learn and educate in this ield moe , great responsibility and rliablity , furthermore , I am alo very ddicate to acheving an planned rsults an oas as ell as osession of well developed communication sill etc .
ien my relad experiene a excellent capabilitis I wol appreciate your consideration f any available or approprate posito acording to my educaton nd skills .
My CV , which is enlosd , cntains dditonal information on my expeience nd skill .
I ook forward to heaing from y .
Again , thank you f yur consideratio .
Th streets were calmed n h light were plasat . Traelling at ight was a pleasure in this tw .
" So he we are " he said looking pard . "
We better do ur em as on as we c "
Th moved in he crowd that ade several poe als n talked about tei bs life .
he looed around making faces at everyone arond .
Se made a coplaint ; th were so anying .
" You have to do you ut here too , emmber ? We made a rogres back in t oher city "
Se node nd made anothe effr to lok around .
o could be ?
It was difficul to tell .
They eded someone who looked imrtant or rich .
Somne ho knew o much mabe .
" What abou him ?
" Sh ointed at a man who s akng a ea with another a .
As usual , they were talking about illegal things
" He will be our ticket to the main building and to te exam " he said .
Thy came cosr to the an .
He was akng prparatons to make a ug deal th h ohr person .
Te other person was n't convinced howewe .
They talke f hours one trying to convinc the otr , he was doing his best , but at t nd , the other mn declined .
When he finshed talin he looked to the young ouple in front of h
" What re you ong her pests ? !
" He ad sure his oie was ear on the streets , to refrm i ocial psition .
Te young cope grine " o haven't hear aou he id hackers right ? "
They said in a delightful and evl on .
He asped and tried to scream but it was too at to run .
They conrolld is mind .
e loked on er laptop , here all t nformtion in tht man 's mind was displayed
" Bingo . We got a coe "
Sh de a oe and wrote it own .
She ispected the a loking fo an Id. Sh took it d as soon as ey o it , ty let the man go , h faited and wll n rmember anyting tht happened to h mind .
h ief cople made their ay to te man building .
The bilding s luxurious ad covered by the most wonderful sructures ev .
They enred the building with the a of the ID n made se of the code to enter the intriors of e buiding .
They got ith the recptionist
" Are yu two h peopl ho ll mke their skill test ? "
The couple nooded and sowe the ID of the man fr the ther city .
he receptionist noodd d cnduted both to he main hall .
Wht as inside was dnerous but fascinating .
ey w ery register of he memories of people in that town .
It was disturbing as kids wr as inclde .
T young cuple otinued forward until they reach him .
One of e bosses in charge of such thin .
She fel smeow nervous " I know we e ong this to escape tis infero but ... I have a bad feeling abo his " but it ws t ate .
he mad a deciin and one of the bosses s in frt of te .
Thy wale in to fid a man looking through the window
" Yu two are finaly here . I kow who you are "
It was impossible tey deleted every bit of information about themselves
" D y think you two were going to mae fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards
" Welcome to yo tmbstone , ackers "
e .
Just h a co has wo ies , television o , as i prs and cs .
It offers unlimited entertainment as well as fod for though .
To quote an example , te prime minister of ndi recetly launched a ew channel caled DD KISAN - the irst television channel dedated to farmers in India .
This woul he the farers to know the latest techniques and trends in aiculture a will lo eale hm to u across their qerie to e conerne spcialsts in her fie .
ff ate , debates in ns chanel r the alk of the tn whr u e to know what is happning in your conty or eighborhod .
Sc programs lo allows us to participate by giving u feeback .
L 's tak a look at o catoo channels .
Ge are the ays when to minlessly chase erry .
presently we hve mn eucational cartoons hat tea ids o to draw , mk crafs and even lar languas .
Hence , I concde ht television entertains as well as euctes .
Home of the future wil oo more or less the sam as e ho of e presnt .
However , I belie tat eir functionalit wil chag .
Even today proessors r in alst every dece : dishwashers , vacuum cleaers , television sets , evn blenders .
So , hw a we iprove em ?
By hokin he up to he Internt .
It ma sod silly , but I hink it actualy wll mke thse devices ore us friendly and functional .
en now we can buy TV sets with Internt connection , so development of tecnlogy is not a problem .
Bt we hae to s oureves why would we conect every device in r house to World We Web ?
The answer is :
rmoe control .
Imagine o a progamme your house to welcome yu aftr a og y at work .
You co back ad dinner is cooked , ll you favourite prgramms re recorded and ead to watch , Yor at is fu of ht water and u c jt relax .
Reassuming , while desg of uses m look different the mo mporant hange wll be in technology hih ll make or life easier .
It h lrady done b we still ca n't s the nd of possibilities .
De S / Madam ,
I have ed your advertisement in t local newsaper ad I am writing to apl for a job at USA SUMR CAS .
I am a 16-yar - ol teenager frm Argentina and at resent I am in a doul sift secondry shool .
Apart rom that , I have ben studying English fr 10 yers and I am sitting for Cambridge First Cetiicate in nglish xt eceber .
Frstly I woud like to ay at I hav some experiece in loing afr childn cause I have worked at a lal summe camp last summer .
As part of at job , I had to teach chldren to sim and I was in harge of ervin eakfast evey morning .
As for my prsonaity , I wou ie to mention ht I am a funny person ho enjoys telling jokes , making pople lagh and even getting dressed as a lon to entertain others .
Furthermore , I do nt mid working og hours .
I hope my appliaion wll be taken into cosideration .
If you euire any rther information , I am available for an on line intrview .
Thank you in advance ,
Your faithfully ,
Franco Calderón
It 's no secret that the s ben a decline in h e of transport such as taxi eer nce cars ecme more fforable nd yor common e bcam capale of sustaining on , two or mr per fmiy , howeer , es tt ealy mean that te uure of pblc transport like buses is hoeess ?
People are becming re and more aware of h stra he arbo dioxide emissions of thir ar put on h environment , ad many municipalities have already outlawed the circulatin of certain types of ehicle in ven parts of their cities to edue atmosphric pollution ad improv the quality of its ai .
ay afordable bs ad metropolitan passes and oer systems have als ee creed in orr to otivat h citizens to se them , proiding a uiker , and sometimes cheper , alternave to their own transport .
h recn ous on public transport , along th the certain tehnologica improvements and inovatins that will olow it , are going to evitlize h public transport sector n hopfully mke cities moe ec - friendly .
He aled as ast as someone who kow e y .
othin as taking hi atntion .
His ad was wandering aron h sweet smile that made hi fel nervos le a child ut a few minutes g .
It wa n't only the smile , ut h a e talked to him , the ok in her ye d her lirty attitude at ha fille s toach with iny buttrflies d , as he was gong hoe , he started to ealize the love running throgh s ens , rih to he hart .
The voices in his head kept repeating : " Micel , you shoul have issed her .
You do n't know if you wil ever have nother chanc . "
On the oher hand , i wife , his ot - so - ovely ife , always angry and cld as ice , wa waing for i at hoe .
As Miche approacd h hou his feelings droppe down .
as sh alone ?
y is that car pred right at his house 's door ?
Why re all th lights on ?
He picked up the keys from hi pock and approached careully , holdig hs breath .
ichel clod te door ad kn at tht moment he d md a mistake .
If yo are a f of rmntic lms , you probably do n't lk thi moi . " Palera en la nve " is a Spanish film based on a bo witten by u Gab whch is abut th life of a Spanish man who gs to Bioko to wr d he fls in lve with a nate oan .
h problem with this mvie is n t sor because t boo is fantastic and wen y read it , you realy c fel the eotions to the characters .
So the problem or me is te way the movie is ma , ith severa chnes from the original script .
Furthermore , th in actors ' erformance is not very good because they a not completely isid in thir roles .
Although there r a o of hings which could be improved , no everything is bad in this movie !
An xample of at it 's th extremely amazin soudtrck wit a raly beautiful song of abl lboran , a Spans singer .
Other go fetres are the csoms and th landsapes which gie to h oie a vy realistic image nd cry the spectators to tht time
Der Katy
I 'm really gld to hear fo you !
It 's ben a ong time since we last contact each othr .
So , you do n't kn what to do wit your promel , do you ?
Do n't worr , I 'll r to mke it easy for you to decid wch is t tion that suits yu be .
On he n and , you 've been doing por since yu ee seve yars old and I understand it 's very important fr yu .
It 's an ativit that you need to do ery d , now tht it 's a good y to keep t .
Howeer , as fa as I 'm conernd , it 's no necssar to wo out tat mu to be healthy .
As a matt of fact , yu jus have to eat a balced et and do spor twice or three tims a wek .
Tat w , yo will be able to do spo as ell as going to music classes .
On the other hand , ou love layig ian nd , in my inion , y wo n't be abe to ep it up if you ie up music classes , as ou do n't have ay intrument at hoe .
Bsdes , I do n't think your parents would buy you a pian , since it wul really annoy our neighbors .
Besides , as I ave aready sai , yu ca execis thr or ur hou a wek instead of going every day to you training sesin .
As I see it , ou could n't lv wthut msc ven if yo tri .
w it 's our tme to hoose .
I hop my advice kes sense to you and tat it helps with you deciion .
Bt of lu with our dlema nd do n't forget to writ ad te me e outcom !
Love
Ariaa
T ajrity of peopl think of sport as a way to relax , to get th or to kep fit .
wever , I e sport as a physicl activity , whe I costanty challege mself to achieve better results .
It 's just like a competition he I practise sport .
My avourite srt is swimmin . I cn only practse it in my fre tie , as scool keeps me vr busy .
When I 'm ale to , I go imming twice a week r to hur each .
At least once a moth , ually on undays , my friends d I hl a competition .
It is in thee moments where I give it my all , d realize tt l t pratice I a really paid off .
Simming gies me a huge amount of satisfaction and so uc desir to keep on challening myself .
hs is w I uggest pople to give swimmi a tr .
er Editor ,
I am writing to inform yo that t package holiays to Mdri you are currently advertsing in your newspper are apparnty o wha th clamd to be .
I lieve yo should be fully informed about the qality of e services in the advertsements you pulih , as you reaer could be neatvely biassed towards your paer ly e to such incidents .
Geerally , t holidy as a whole was good enough as e mot important -in my opiion- aspec , like the quali of he gided tours n the accommoation , w very high .
Nvertheles , there were mn inaccuracs in the adertisement and crtin aspects of h holidy were chaoi .
e fist da was a eat shock to me as I realiz I wold be part of a gro .
The turist agncy made roup bookings , whch esultd in the unusualy low price of e hliday package .
Spening holidays with a grop can be ver conveient and for soe pele is e oly way of travlling , but th advertisement did not state clealy that it concerned hi paticular ype of holiday , which made me an som others feel deceived .
Anote point of concern wa transportation .
We had sevel problms , especially wt the bus , which was ofte delayed nd in n case it evn caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
I believe ther is plenty of room for imrovement since , although the prblms re not insuperable , tey caused great inconvenience .
Firstly , a better trnsort ageny should be oun or te former ifficultis to be pevented .
Secondly , advertisements should be clerer as it is very easy fo someone to misunderstand thm .
But the most imporant sue is h improvement of te general organization .
Muc tme lot coul have en sed th a few phone alls , r exmle waiting o haf an hor in a queue could hae bn reveted if a cll hd ben made to the museum before we rrived thee .
I assume ta the ourist ageny can think of better solutions than me , but I hope ta my recommenatios wil be tae seriously .
Bet Regrds ,
Thr ae six main characters Ross , Monic , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
The ettin is in ew Yrk and they et daily in a r alled Central Perk .
Rss is Mona 's roter an he is deeply in lve wih Rachel .
On the oher ad Je and Chandler lie ogether .
oey is an ato and he is alays makng audions wihout sccess .
And Chndler work in an office but he does n't really like hs job .
Phoebe is the fnnest of he group , she sings and lays the uiar u se is no ey go at it .
Rachel and Monica have livd togethe snce Rache let her fiance on th altar .
Mnca is her et friend !
e rks in a restaurant as the head hef n h 's daig ih a man twenty yars older th h .
e six frends might n have the same opinion , th miht ague , the miht get ngry ih each oter but tey lwys forve and foget !
In my opinion youg people wll love th show .
To s up I eally recommend o to see it , y 'll lov it
he ast film I a ws cale " No Escape " .
It is the bt ovie I have eer en ! ou will be ese hie watching the whole ove a I ow it .
h eent are eall intense and they ju keep getting mre and more intense by t minute .
It als shows ou the pwer of the family ad how hey ould stick together through all the difficulies the face .
It also hows o you should alwys think of others before thinkig of ourself .
I reay recommend this movie , bu if y pln watcing it wh yor amily , I do hae to tl yo ha hre is a ot of bloo nd kllng in the flm .
I cn easily ve it a fe ta rate because all of th ents tt happen see eal in the ovi , n tey re vent that can appe in ra lie .
With no dou all pants want their chldrn to be itizn mdes .
oever rasin a hld io a model ctizen is exremely hr - workng .
me peole thi that ti jo should be doe by h paets n others thik unfirly that this is the teacher 's resposibilit .
On one hnd , parents should ke responsibiit on their childre eucatio as tey ae a chid 's first contact .
Als , parents ar like odels to foll for teir children , and as children do what they see they will py their parents actio .
Indeed school is th first pae her a hildren intercts with socety .
Hoevr , the wl talk or build a relationship bed on what they s teir parnt din wth other people .
Ulimately , teacher m ha different vaues fro e ons of the paents .
On the oher ha , parents ma have ac of time to pend wih ter cildrn e to demanding jbs an to provide everyting tat teir chilren need , for example pay for ther childre school .
It can also be argued that childen spend most of thr im at scool nd n at home , makng h schl responsibility to pass good cial aues .
Bt it should n be forgote , that prnts have the mo infuence as they ar moes to follow .
To u up , parnts should take ful resonsibility fr their children eucation .
Hower , one should take ito account tat a school ith similar values to th ones of t parents wod be a great help in th cildren raising procs .
De Sir ,
I am writng in regar to the advertisement publshe by y , to wo in summe cps in he U .
I wld lik to tak part in this experiece durn the summe , as I il he my mmer brke duin ha prio .
I have take pat in a volunteer programme , looking afr children 6 - 12 during t school em , a therefore I consier mysel as havin a go knowledge of children 's behaviou , th mght be useful o the summer cmp .
uring my apprnticeship , I was in charge of ognising several activities , so I thi I could do wl at organising sports ad actiities .
Cooking has away been oe of my favouite hobbies , nd o his reason , I so would like to el in t kiche ativitie .
I am a cheerful , nrgetic nd hardorking person , nd I am also a ey responsible pesn , ae to dal with small n meim groups of children , an r this reason I onsider myelf as suitable for t potitin advertised .
I am looking orard to taking art in his project , and enri my prsona cuiculum through th paricipatio in his poect .
Should yu have urter questions , do not hesitte to contac me at any time .
Looking forwrd to hearing from you , at yr earliest convenience .
Restpctfully ,
na Cantú
verythig in this movie , Henri , is so simp ad strtling , but in the sa time is hard to describe .
It tells h ory of a wiowed shop ownr nd a mentally handicapped girl .
As time passes by , the relaionship has so many us nd downs , but with onsistent lo an cring it en with a strong bond hat is n't easily roken .
In France , where the il is made , they call the hndicapped , " White Butterlies " , ich is defntely a better nomenclature ta " Peopl With Specia Neds " and so ny dishonored naes .
Te onl reason I want to ecommen th movie to o is becae I wat ou to forget abu all he action , thrilling , mney making or good figtin evil .
My ole rpose is to help yo ejo the ltle things in you les , appreciate e lf ad s simplicity with al its hidden fun and sad parts as wll .
Unlock the oor toward a ew life and kick off your jouny tord a whol w group of characters .
chs th childsh dam of visiting a oregn country n ge to know new aspects of ife .
Ceck out how ordinay pople , just lik you and me , live each and every day , hre their grief and proems , jo them with thi hpp momnts , get involved in thir ivs n be pssionae an comassionate .
Refresh your so by geting inolved in her special moens n get edy to ke a change in yor own ie .
REPORT ON THE CURS " ood design using DTP "
The a of this report is to riefly escrib e main strenth nd weaknesse of the couse " Good design using DT " so as to give an oveall vi of it .
DESCRPTION
Th course oo place in t Training center in Regent Steet - Lodon on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
A t paticipants , whih wee ten in toal , were gve a personal compur for the dratin of the entire course in ore to t into practice what was tauht .
Furthrmore , te organizrs had carefully plannd the whole course , including meals and beverages too .
ACHIEVEMENTS
The tutor , Will Rees - a lecturer of he niversity of Cambridge , scceeded in covering e whe program in an extemely effective way .
To ein with , he focused on desgn considerations with DPT , explaining what softwae to use , and hn he we on to tll us bout typorphy ad fons , layout n balce as el as graphics and logs .
hereore , he coclued h curse by makig olor considerations and showing proofing and printing .
e highpoint , however , wa the ina practical exercss which gave us h oppotunity to test our comprehenson .
FAILRES
Despite t strengths metined aboe , thee ere al some eas ta rquird some atteion .
Not ony was th venue icovenient u it ws also dirty .
Te generl dissatisfaction wa perceived by he ectuer too , who pointed it u to the organizrs wo mediately started oking fr an alternative enue .
In addion , in spite of having paid a ot , the particiants were nt alwed to take y material away , d is resulted in obtaining a les effective reslt as t partcipnts did n't have ny materials to use to revse .
FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
To um up , h corse w generally successful , as e positive eedback received suggests .
In coclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in his subject o bth the quality of te course a h unquestionable preparation of the utor .
Nwadas , my countre ave been uine ares of farland , forest and wetland with h intention to construct husing ad transport nework to cater to t demand of peopl .
Ther e many probems create by don large - biling projects , n it is the oernment 's responsibilit to pe wi these problems .
There r some unfavorale influence on eple 's ies .
Because of he damage of farmld , frest nd wetan , it is likely to ed to e pollution of watr a air , hich cn caue t decrease of people 's ving quality .
or exple , in some areas , peple hae to we a musk wil havg outdoor activities ad they miht ne to purchase atr from her towns .
As a reult , thir lifestye can be ngaively affect an thus they woul feel less happy than other people lvd in unpolluted areas .
The mage of habitats ave affec animls in negative ay .
Th have to immigrate to another place since teir homs r destroyed , and drin the imigration most of hm woul e because of lck of water , ih temperature or predaor .
Besides , tho animals who successflly arrive at proper ace to ie ae likl to sffer from diease , because they d n't exposed to such a new enironment before .
Although there re man people nd animals ae suffer fo tes proble , i do beiee that the govenment can tae sme acons to solve them .
Firstly , laws should be set to fobid some projects which use msive problems to h environment .
Secondly , it is necessary for h governnt to warn people h seious problems caused by cnstucting large - scale buildings .
To summarise , lage - scale building projects reate massive prblms whi e armful to man a animals , bu the government can be elpul in solving these problems
First of ll , at the English course which I do at e HZ , I leare an imprved my writin in many ways .
I would lie to answer sme questions fr he guidene on Moodle , to expai how hs coure hepe me to improve my English .
So , e frst wo questions are :
Has my writin improved a o di this appen ?
nd te other qustions : Which areas of my writing wud I lie to improve n did the free writing preentaions elpd me it my writing rocess ?
Scondly , hs my writing improved and in what way id this happen hen ?
From my pont of iew , my writing definitely a improved from e beginning of this scho ye til nw .
I discovere that I know ny mre words ha I thoght an I ca make well - structured enteces w , hich I could n't do so wel at h beginnin of ts school yea .
Thi has to do with the technical grammatical featues I learned in cas as wl .
The way I see it is tht I learned to u cohesion in a correct wa , which makes the paragraphs that I wrie oe cla .
Beids that , I use cohesion which I dd n't s fore this cuse .
A few examles are : fro my point of view nd it ees to me .
Subsquently , I wod like to answe te next two questions .
Whih ras of my ritng oul I like to improve d did e free writing preentations helped me with my witng prcss ?
Although I beliv tha I aread have improved my ngish since the eginning of th school yea , I 'd like to improve my English vocabulary .
As I ee it , the bgger te vocabulary , he btter the writing process .
More ord can be ad in the artice , so tere c be a better explanation of te subject .
It 's my belief hat t fre wriig presentations helped me with my writing rocess .
I learned a lot of ew ords durig t presentations , which I used in my free writing .
To finish , I can onclud hat this English course has een very eful to me , because it as improved my Enlish vey ell .
h way I se it is th he grammatical fetures earned in nglish curs , always can be used laer on in life .
For example , when there hav to be se lettrs in English .
I agre ith he given statement .
Thi is becae all the people deam f a btte futue .
A better futr means havig god food to at witot worying , good clothes to wear , a g roerty , a prvate mea of transportatio d ma mre .
Amn em a private means of transporttio suggests ha there is no future r ubli tasport .
It is already in actice in wsten world .
People fo other parts of the world are alo heading or he ae drem .
Having ow car or mens of transportation is the dream of every individual incudng me .
A single cr will not be enouh or a famil .
Prvate cae per individual is needed .
It has aso become a vital thing or life .
Whehr to go to work or ter places travllin in private vehicle is hassle free .
It aves lot of u time .
We can inule in many thgs if we c manage te properly .
The trend of peronal cr is increain rapidly .
So , I believe tha the is no futur r pblc transpor .
We cn not deny hat thre wl be time whn no eson woul lie to travel by u or train .
It is so much clear that prite transport il overshadow the publc vehcle .
Domesti violene
Everybody kows aout the big probl that our society a , in tem of domestic abuse .
But most of us ju from r ; we ealy do not iagie how hi n afect eople who suffer it .
Unfortunately , mny people are damaged , o only physical b mentally and the worst is hat violece destoy famils nd also involves their sons in te hel it caues .
Children qute oftn fel guilty of an not avoid hese troube or help ther mothers to esce from hm a tend to thin the are doing something wrong wen the obviusly do o .
Te are just the most sensitive n innocent victims of mistreatment .
It is ver serious n ar to solve because victims ave to be ery strong and bre to recognze an fae these situations n eing be to repor tir aggressor so as to manag te matter finishes .
is is so difficult due to the fat ha they usually ee stupi , miserable , hopeless and do t fel oo aout themselves .
her aggressors ae them eome insecure and ty ink that they a aone .
Even , in mos cas , the eel ashamed or afraid of these sitatons and prefe sayig nothing to tell their tuh .
ll thos people who ar livig is abuse ae to nw at thy r really important n deserve to be hapy an free and they are not lon .
Ther re many peope who worry but and e willing to help and support them .
There is aways omeone who you ca cont on in your famy , frends or associaions , bu u st ask for help .
We nee to conser bot sides of the argument for publc transprt use prior to rachig a conclusin .
Public transport is sd for many reaons and a be convenient fo different cicumstances .
There e mny easns fo uin public traport , such as cmmutig in to the central business district .
This form of transpot c be used to avod delays du to traffi cnditions and parng restictions .
It c provid an opporunit o people to complete wr during the jouney .
ublic transport may be the nly tion for individas who do o rive or have access to a car .
It is mre envronmenally friedly cause it a te potential to reduce th numbers of vehicles on the road .
However , the public rasport us n be fected by a numbe of factor sch as mchanical failures and environmental issues .
It y be pensive to u for some individals ad crowded dung ush hours .
Using the ar can be mo flexbl for some inividuals .
A r can be useul for efecive performance of mny asks .
It is easier to chne rotes whe circumstances change unexpectedly .
Howver , a car c be expensive to maiain , rk ad fu .
I think tee is a role or both methods of traspot ater takig in to ccount all of t aove rasons .
Te reass fo us is depenen on th individual and the circumstances .
My favourie film of the lst few oths is " Sen of a woman " .
It 's one of h best Al Pacin 's fis and it 's er different from previous ones .
First of al , in hi film you do n't see a gagstr Al Paco , it 's about a retre rmy 's ooel who suffer from lonliess nd dpression .
It 's wot seeing becaus a young boy , Charlie , helps him gt throug s sadness in a vry luxuros ti to New Yrk .
One prolem is that some scene r too long , like e one in wich they 're havng dner with the coonel 's family .
However , the drama is perfectly ahieved in each scene a they keep you tid to th screen .
So , overall I sronly recommend it if ou ike rdemption stories , d if you want to arn som pieces of advice for your le .
It 's certainly a good chce if u want to wtch a DVD net Friday ight .
e reading dissses the idea of how advanc communication technologies give us an advantages of creting a 24/7 interatinal working y d provids several reasons of suprt .
Th profesor , hoever , dsgrees with points made in h arcle and explains that this system has ts ow isadvantages .
First pin he rofssor addresses invlves t radig 's assertion that creating two or tree teams situated in difernt geographical locations will help reduce the work hors for each tem and at the same tie it will decrese the te frae of getting e project done .
he professor refutes tis point of view by saying tha bsed on is own exprince th eam work could be no so uch benefiial .
Fo istnce , some group could have questions , but it wou t be ale to sk he other grup becau te would sleep at ht time .
Therefor , the workn group wl do i assumptions a my cause a wte of time .
Moreover , the group in alifonia may do work in one way n a group in India do same wrk differnly , so it will be challnging to bing ot of them to the sam w of getting tings doe .
nother poin rm the rtile tha the professor opposes is the claim ta telcommunication helps to solve mn proles that physical separaton uld cause to businesses .
The prfessr points out tat hlding virtual meetings btwen teams in different time fames wl be challenging .
hs , one of the team will have to stay late in orde to alk to ather group causing nconvenience .
It is t ay to proe that there is a reationshp beteen organizational culture and perfrmance .
For a vey long time there as no be sientific evidence ha proved the relationship etwee organizational cltur and performance , uti tudies fond a correlation between these ujects .
The four stuies are put together in a mdel amed ' Organiation Culture Pefrmance oel ' ( OCPM ) .
his model ell us that the cuture is determined by actl behavior of individual or groups of mployees .
The culture is caused by rganizational variabes .
These variables include ineral an external cultural epects .
T exteral spet is : external ient orienaion .
T internal asects ae : dsign of organizatio , communication , RM - orientaton and leadership .
This vaiabls influence the beavior of employees .
Th mode distinguishes three kins of epected performancs : individual- , grups- , and rganizationa perfomances .
Tere is n't a dict elatonship between organizational clture an actal performances , but tere is a dret relationship between organizational uture and expected performances .
The researchers found that tee is a big diference betwen wa the boadoom preach and what t employee 's experience .
A short summay of e OM- model : thee e organizational variables that determine te visibe nd invisble beaior of eployes .
These variables and behavir of emloyees dtermne the pected performance and then here is h actual utome .
Shou smokg be bnned ?
oe and mre people nowadays try to fd sm ws of relaxation , u to a ast pc of ie and sress .
Smokg appeas to hearts of mny pople of different generations , because it gives a fst relief r a short period of time , at is also qui easonable .
It 's a act that tobacco is use as a iht dr o centuries by people of diferent nationalities .
It 's a rl issue fo th government to udertand that if th process of bannin mokrs sars , the ince te will immediately decreas .
Moreoer tbacc contains a vitamin , alld PP1 tha is beneficial for your hath .
It also helps to vecome some stressful situations , vn though it 's temporarily , it 's still beneficia for your heart , rher than being constantly stressed .
Finally smoking is personal choice of freedom for evryone .
On te other hand , moker someties even do n't elize that her chldrn or relatives become pasive smokers too .
It 's important to understand tht you e respnsible fo yu srroundings n people aoud yo .
So if your habits a be harmf for them you need to understand wat 's a cost of it .
For the same reason govement ees to control he situation , by using banig stategy if people smoke in n of forbidden ares , le kindergartens , schol , hostals , ec .
In my opinion , ople eed to have fredom to mk decision on thei o , bt as soon as it starts to be a rat f others , the hould be stopped immediately .
he purpse of this eport is to consider how my twn aks care of the environment an to explin what kd of ecommndations and improvements u n ak if you live in Madri .
Madrid is a huge ciy whih offers a o of recyclin facilties ht ak re of the environment :
There is a geat publc transport syste .
It 's vey es to rcycle thing n it 's posible to chose alternative energy sources .
Firsty , people ca take the bus or e underground nd leav h or her car at ho .
Secondly , it 's qie sy to deposit plasi , pap and lss in different recling bins .
Aoter otion is the possibility of avig solar panels on t roofs of some buildings in Madi .
We could reu and recycle househod wate .
hn we go hopping , we should take our w bags instad of usn pasti bags from the sho .
Old clothes , books and ts in good conditions a be psed on to chait shp .
Our im suld be to dposit as ma thigs as posible in t plasic , paper a glas bin .
d if you have a garden , you could turn your vegtabl peelings into ompos .
In coclusion , adrd offes a lot of aernatives to tke ce of e environment .
It cld be an xample fr other cities on ho to el and conere u lanet .
iscuss the risks and ipacts of climate(weathr)-elate natural disters .
Over th past few decads , huan activities have changed globa climate , hnc we are cing higr risks of wathe - related disases .
Frthermore , various destructiv disaters hv struck into the whle sciey with ny negative elemnts , dawin the tention of citiens toward catastrophes .
Natural disasters uc as drought can be generally defnd as one that s a f - eachin nfuence because its long duration and we scoe .
his essy ll examine glol arming and precitation srtage as causes of drogt , llowed by to mai ngatve impac in terms of the economic ad oial problems in agiculture .
On of th overt rasos r weather - related natural disasters is gobal warming .
It is obvious hat glbal aming c be attributed to greenhous g emissions .
Moreover , h world 's ucntrollable population results in he dend of rs , industries n farming industries , that have contributed to reenouse gases .
With the aus of human acivitie , th teperature of ea surce a t atmosper have ee gradually growing to a ne level .
van Aalst ( 206 ) pointe out that an increase of ear mean surface temperaure th approximately 0.6 degrees has been explord over the past cntury , wi te phenomenon which has been observed that nd temperate has eceede th of seas by a quicker ped ( p.6 ) .
In additio , mos of greenhoue gas emissions can affet the atmospere for decades , which might cuse marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainla reultng in l ainfall .
Another phnomenn an be caused by global warming is he decrese of snow coverage in relation to glaciers meltin ( van Alst , 00 , p. 7 ) .
Thus , it can be seen that global warming ha accounted or a serie of extreme weather penomenon .
Undoubtedly , all the factors are responsible f the sil wate shortage a dereasig precipitation .
nerally , the increase of temperature a resulted in a sur of h days , d a drop of ld days .
This will largely causes ls of soil wae and precipitation .
Additionally , ths eet is different depending on the areas .
The area as md - continental will unquestionably become dryer d insufficint precipitation , which is posible to ak it mo vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated tha 75 ilion to 250 million eple in Afica will be exosed to water stess e to esertifcation indced by climat hnge " , sates by PC ( as cite in Ber , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , her will be serious consequences in tems of ls precipitation due to exeme ather .
In h economic aspect , drough s brought a tremendous problem of yild o griculture .
As a consequence of bot dirt d indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly defined as t ggest factor .
he direct imct of prolonged drought is the reution of incoes fo farmers resut from the dcrase of output .
This can lead to h os of profits from pstrea nd downstream througout the supply chain , which can produce directl negtiv ipcts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and MFdden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates a colosal economic amage whe the drogt occurs : lives re lost , peoe and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustaiable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
noher stricken ara is social perspetive , which as teatened the majority of the popuatin .
irstly , drought has cusd farming in some of he area , such as Africa whee is an underdeveloped of inrastruture and a ck of abilities to react fer emrgency .
Morovr , frming is ne of the most crucl impacts of weather - relatd ntural disaste , and it s caed an important nume of casualties for ot manin as wl as animals .
Seodly , farming lso has contributed to migrati .
hn pulic uffes fr tural disaster and they are no olution , they r orcd to leve teir home in ore to mo to a new place , which cud affect th nxt genraion tat might confront a muticultual society .
Conseuently , droght h led to severe social impacts of natal disstrs .
In conclsin , catastrophes such as drought hv produced immnse economic and social pacts .
t only human engs ut als a e organisms r confronti e tret from climae - related nturl dsastes .
The fact is natural disastr hae chaged people ad animal 's living environment inging abt a multitude of influences in both dirt ecnomic revenue of farers and idirect effec on ntrprise .
Aditionall , climae chane relates to natura disastrs also cuses faring which ha triggered death and forced people as we as aimals leave their home . More seriously , climate is continuingly caging an till contributng to natural diasters .
Thus , we shoul consider hs id of threat to or utue .
Perhaps I am big a little wishful thnking .
I do not blame anyone for his , becaue I kno , tis hat of mine ems to just ll in le a lite too st n asily .
It is too early is n't ?
It 's to eary to lk but lov at his day and ae .
veything seems to strange wh o fifte and y are talking abou love .
Wh is that so ?
Well , th question has bee ringing in my in for so any months .
This pas few mohs have mad my ife unfthomable , makng me unable to grs the idea of when is the riht a to fll in love .
To me , falling in loe , is to accept and adir thoe little ings ht exist in that hman beig .
After I have accepted tht , I will egin to puh all her flaws ade , because their flws will oly make me fll in love wit them en mr .
I no it is wong to have stron feelings for someone wh is deinitey der , and I know nothi will om ou of it .
So hy oher loving someone who will nve reun that lv back ?
To me , ov is t abot havng wo pries loving nd embracig each other .
Their fe ill be happier hen you ceasd to exist .
Yes , it hut , but at the end of the dy , almost erything in this wrld , ll make you bleed .
It will make ou cringe , bawl ike baby .
It wil make you el vulnerable but tha is life .
Tey wil always love y base on yur loks then personality .
No mate how wrong I may sound , bliee me , it is so true .
oe is nt l hap .
Lov can kil o .
It n kill or soul .
Der Dr. Green ,
I am te chairman of the 201 Metropolitan Medical Conference tat is ing held in Miami , Florida on ul 5 , 2012 , ad I would lke to invite you to resen you research on eta lokers . We would be delighed to listen to you discuss your wrk , d I hp you will also agree to ru a short quesion - and - answe session ftr h presentation .
Additionally , etropolitan Medical would be plesd to cov your travel d oging xpnses hile you vist the cofeence , in addiion to proviing y with a e diem budget .
Please ply wth yu answer as son as y are able , so ht we may begin to arange yor trvl .
I encourage y to contact me with n questions or concerns .
Kind regards ,
Dr. Mchael Whie
My favourite sport
My favourite sprt is walking .
Sm people do nt think of walking as a sport , they beleve that a sport as to be a rough ctivit ne that lef you ovrtired and sweeting .
But in my opinio a port is any activty that requires a certain aoun of physical actiiy , n ha a help you to iprov your helh .
I enjoy walking because it alows yo to do physical exercise and tal , watch the landscape or do other things at te me time .
Wakig is ls a spot that almost everbody can do .
If you r young ou col lk as , if y are old or not especially it , u could trt walin at a slow pae ad with time improve your performance
I wod lke to gie ome advice to the peope who want to start waling : Te your ie , do not wan to ak ten kilometers t frs d , try first shrt walks and evey day increase the distanc .
u will find yourself walking a little longer and ater tha te day before .
And if ou do hat then , soner th latr , you il become a walking enthusiast
It was a sunny da of April .
aster w coming .
Everyone in he house a so xcite but it ut not Mchael .
He knew that son he wil must face h mos powrful eny , the aster Bunny .
He d n't ko h everybody wa in ove with h .
This characer has een his chldhod nightmare .
He usd to dream hm comig in s bedom , lauhing u lud showing of his sharp teth , threating im with he ost horrible punishmnts .
He remembered ne of t awful dreams he ed to ave as a hild .
He wa hme alone by - sitting s to year ol sister .
All of a sudden he heard mebody knocking at the frnt dor .
Ten a voice roar " I 'm n na eat ou up ! " , " I 'm gon na a ou baby sister up ! " .
" Le me in ! I 'm th Eastr Bunny " .
Michael was terrifid .
He grabbed the phone tryig to call is parents .
u t phone w ded .
He wanted to he somewhere but he could n't thin straight .
In a flash his brn en m a sgal and he ralize it s oy a dream .
So he tared repeating in his md " It 's ony a drem .
It 's on a rem .
You 're goin to wake up soon . "
Suddely he elt brave and unstoppable .
He decidd it 's ime to ae hs enemy .
He pt hs hand on the handle and without thining too muh he opened the door .
This giant scar buny was just in frn of m .
He i n't ae time to t scared ecaus ll wt he was thinking w w he do n't wake up at once .
It ca n't be ra .
Bu he buy yelled at hi to shut te door n bit i arm so adl that tears cam ut instantly from his eyes .
He was w puzzled nd frighten o .
ichae losd the oo and knew at ht momnt he had made a mistak .
It is sometimes maintained that hn manufacturers ad retail companies try to persuade us to buy somethin , clour is a vr effective thng whic helps them do th .
I tink it is true ta colour do inflene or decision wn we buy differet things .
Firstl , I am covinced that colour is ry important wen eople buy clothes , especially for women .
No oub th manufacturers know which coou is opular and fashionable in a particular eason and correspodngly it means th thgs of is colour will be od well .
In addition , compans are used to conuctig iffrent surveys to find out which coour is more popular in vrious ocial classes .
For insace , I have recently red tht popl w belong to midde class prefer pink d reen colours due to om psychologica reasons .
Furthemore , colous which r used in decortin of sops or restaurants ae also rather ifluential .
r exple , psycholgists a convinced that red is a coour which stiulates eopl 's apptie and mkes the feel hury .
That is why h predminant color in McDonald 's is rd liewie in sm oher cas nd restaurants .
Having id thi , howver , I tink that her e man other acors which are even more important than colou fo people wn they uy something .
For eamle , if I liked a thing , I would o think ch about t colour or a colour of the sop where I found it .
Moreover , for many people e man factor is a price of a thing t not is colour .
To oe up briefly , I would like to a that there is a special branch of pscholoy whic invesigats consmrs ' tastes a factors whic influence their hoie .
Th , we cn conclude tha colo is a powrful tool but in the same way maufacturrs and retail companes shoud tk nt consideration the facrs .
rticle : My Best rend
My riendship with Jeie srted t rst exiting da of kindrgaren .
We re hee ers old .
I en downstairs to the playground f the break .
I w walkg alone around te noiy and croded layground , lookig fo my very irt fiend , whe I a a quiet grl under a tree .
She had dp blue eyes n looked vry shy .
I nstanty wnted to be hr friend .
We rst met at the swings , she smiled and I kew we were goin to be fieds rever .
I asked her if e antd a seet d timidly , he node .
When t break s ov we went hand in han to u classroom .
Grdually , we g to know eah ther and oo we becme es friends .
We played every day togethe and , in th afternoons , we en to ech other 's houss .
Now , we do n't have any crets betwen us an we alway know when we need each oter .
I love how esie help me wit everything I ne , li with guys or family probem .
We love oig sleepovers , atch movies and goin on holidays togete .
After may years , we still share the sm kind of seets we hred th ist da we e .
It is generally accete ta telvision is providing us by far the best nd easiest way to stay in touch wih the whole worl , while elxing on our sof , taking me ime off from r houswork .
This is h innovatio that such a worldwide edi is bringing to r soety .
Anyay , I woner whether it would be sful ad able to inrese our cultr and hl us to be more criti towars life rter than impose its ower on us .
A recent research shows us why tre is alway an increasing umbe of chidren who ar gettig ued to spend most of their afternons in ron of the telviion , n to miss a new atoon r a wl - known film : hey eem lk ey are unaware of th existence of docuentaies , nes nd l the other educatve prorammes whih today televisions are plenty of .
It has been sggsted by some European governmets to inrduce televisions in schools to give he opportunity to discuss together abo present topic and problems , in order to learn something more aut te world we r living in .
I am sr tat , if taken up , hi idea will surely be a filure .
In ve of the above arguments , I wuld sugges anyone to cu ot on television in order to have mr time to rd ewsppers ily .
In my oinin there is future or public transport .
Firstly public transot is useful fo people that cn not afford a car d their or is far ay om wher te live .
Public transpot is also ueful f soe children that need to go to shol b hy do n't ve cle to oe .
The nly choce for my pepl is to ue ublc trasprt .
Seconly public transport is btter for h environment than usig cars becuse a bu has more spac than a ar a any people c go on a us thus deceasing the amount of pollution d elpin te enviroment .
Latl if te use of public transport decreses drastically or stops many people will be unemployed , they could not win more money a b cars for gong fom one place to ather .
The countries will have Cisis and hs will probbly lead to anoter World War .
That will be a omplete disaer becse now we he uclea weapons nd we wuld dstroy t world .
In conclusion publc transport is very important fo every persn in some way and without it evrthing ill be a disaster
Taking a ea off aer finishing schol can be harmful depending on what you 're plannin to do in that yea .
Interruptng the momenm by taking a year f is mayb the wos thng o c do .
Unless you get a job in hat year , to keep you bu , or do whatever ta keeps yo focused an ive you a rouie , you sold n't take a yr off at al .
Without the routine at tudyin gives you , wit al the delines , the exams , a oth stuff that forces you to get hing done , and , by consequenc , teaches you to be a reponsible person , whch ou would ne to be en ou gt a o , u wll simple be wasting one year of your lf by taking a break .
One hin that I 've lernd in my lie is ht yu neve suld tae a bak fr your everyday routine unless u relly ne , due to fatge or some ther physical or pscycholoical rason , ohrwise you ill be , I epeat , us wasting time , tim tha yo cld be spending in an usefull wa , by gettg something done , or improving yourself academiclly , intelecualy or dog hatever o think hat can enrich your life .
So , wether you take a year off or not , my point is tht you should n't be wasting yur tm .
Do n't waste your ti , sped it in a fruitfu wy .
I 've wated so much tim in my lfe th even I ound it ebarassing .
I 've wasted the est years of my life doing noting .
Now I 'm doig something , although I wl robaby never see he fruits of my lbor .
I like to beleieve tha , ike the old Latin rovrb says ( a I hav lrady said this ) , there will be glo at the en to the m who endures hardships in his pat .
Mye one y I will experience te gory that awaits at high places those w walk trogh the narrow pths of life .
Or , ms probably , I wo n't .
Regardless of wht 's waiting fo me at the e , I wll never give up wlkig through those hard ath no ater how chalenging d hard they m be .
This is som intimte stuff I 'm sharing with you my taher .
I hpe o do n't ink hat sharig thse thoughts ith you kes you my new bes buddie .
ur nly b hr is to tach me the subject you 're supposed to tea .
I do n't nd your friendship o bastard !
I hope I do n't get an F by ayig this , but it is the rut , d I ve being honest . I know , as soon you put yr crey , wicked ees on my composition I must expect a bad rde .
Maybe I ill bribe o at the end of chool term to e a goo grae .
What do yu hink of that , you prk ?
I bet y loe moey , espeally mney obtained by llegl man , do n't you ?
Poor teacher , I cn only wnde w a teacher would ret to e such a thing wrtten by a stdnt .
ear Sir or Mad ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisment published in the lca newpper for e vanacy of Junior Chef .
I belive I ha he necessary qualfications and xerience tha yo ae ooking for .
As yu will see ro my atahed C.V. , I hve been working as a Junior Chef for the lat two yars assising all t chefs in e diferent aea of t kitchen .
Mreover , I am urrently undertaking a Chef Training Curse whih provides me , not only practical u also theorical knowledge .
I consider ysef well equipped to tke up the challenge offered by t post due to my capacity to work ndr presure as well as my bilit to wk in tam .
Furtermoe , I alwyas r to maintain a posiive attitude towards my responsibilites and sort ot ay problem ta a ocur .
My peviou employers ar happy to be contacted should yo eed a referene .
I am available o an interview at a time which mght be covenient fr yo .
I would very lease to hear from you soon .
Yous Faithfully ,
Alejandro
I ws alive ! I was lve! ... I could n't believe it !
Having gone through all tho ough times ; trials nd tribultions an I ws aliv !
I was as hay as a lark bt oon it wa getig dk .
My leg a injured and it w as ainfu as a thrn in the pa ; fte contles hus of craling .
I could n't ea the pain but I h to endure it to survive my odeal .
Lning forward slowly , I sarted crawig slowly ie a turtle along he slender hill ; I was on a fr !
I w eeing as tird as a rn ot shoe .
After a long ad tiring cwl , I needed to fd a shelter fo hee I old seek refuge rm h chilling wd howling oe my ead unbted .
I ept my bod very cose to he cy grud in order to reuce he imact of the bone - chiselig wn .
Sudenly I saw a small gp betwe two bloks of snow hls jus enough for me to li ow in .
The pla was a bit goomy ad ld bt I ha no choice ; I wa too ired to ov on .
But before I ne it I w leep .
I woke up to t sud of the howlin wind once again , in a state of vrtigo .
Loong down at he watch on my wst , I reaize it d ben nearly a we since I survived th fall ove th sno cliff and now I had to go hrough this all aln wit no improvment to my dire predicament .
I continued craling on a our whil wondering , f hw mu longer , Smon till we met agan .
I evr stopped rying all alog ; in hope tha somehow , omewhere , someone wou come aln to rescue me .
As I was climbing downhill , I oud myself gting bliser on my palm in a mner I cod hve no control over .
The pan was excruciaig t I ju had to move on as if I ver hoped to survive my ordeal !
As quickly as I could , I maaged to gt melf to t nearest lfless tree that I cul find where I leaned my bak ainst it to y to ain whater support I could mster with he littl energy ht I d left in my ody .
I ws a bokn a ; barly alive !
Emphaically I reminded mysl ta I should n't he survived a it n been r o 's help !
I ep praing to o to give me the inner strenth to cary on ltough I wa fully aware of my o se - impos exile ro chuh services the lst two years .
Doubts began to creep in , " Would God shw his mercy ? " .
Wth he pain , doubts , hner all cashig on on me , I was about to gie up my iht for ultmate survival .
A second thought crssed my mind telling me tat I woud mis my family ad my best friends !
I a to carry on to fight to stay ave !
The vey houht of winning an accolad in fnt of a jubilant row isppeared all together d al I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , nd be with my famiy .
Hello Sir / Mis .
My ne is Alexandra kennedy .
I 'm 29 , I he a 9 year od daughter .
I was br in ussa , bt live in many different countries around the wold .
I hve ot a family of my own , so I am familiar with ooking afte cildren an aking cae of them . I enjoy itness - and n easily help organise hildren sport activities .
I do enjoy comunicating ih children , I like to pay gams a lern omehing new fr them !
In the evenings we wou arrane diferen activities , le plays , singing , dancn .
I am also quiet experienced in the kitche . I am really into healty nutrition a healhy cooking .
It is impotant r children to ge heaty meas , esecially at the e of early teege years .
I wo n't be fraid of any sort of job , I am read f an adventure !
We , the peron hat I most admire in toay 's world is my mother .
Becaue s gve me lie , without r I wol t be wat I am tdy .
She is a gre womn hardworking , responsible , kind , findly , intellignt and an amazing persn .
She as my fi eacher ho w auht me repeat t first od and to my hand to iv my irt step .
S ught me tp by step ho to preare for life .
I hav od memories frm my chidhod , she a always cheering me up wh I ws in my ad or diffiut times , en he s was ot feing ell .
She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on wat is ood or bad .
She is ver brave , it does n't matter how difficult t problem is , the os important thing is to carry on .
In fac , my ther is my idol , my age .
There is no doubt that e subjet of keeing animals in zos creates a lot of ebate .
oe people sy zs ar taitional famly entertainment ad ood o animals .
Oter ay keepin animals in zoos is rel ad nhuane .
One dvantage of zoo is hat hy give people th chance to e and learn abut animals .
his makes people more likely to want to look after animals nd protect their natural haitats .
u to te interest in protecting animals , people e eager to tk part in organizions such as World Wide und for Nature ( W ) whch is an international o - governmntal organization orkng on sues regarding the conservation , eserch an estoraion of he environme .
Anther positive aspect of zos is that they help to protect endaered peies by fferng them a safe place to liv .
In addiio , zoos el to ind mates for endangered species .
r exaple , any pandas would t find a mte to brd wit if tey we on thi own in the wild .
On the oher an , tere re my arguments againt keepig anmals in zoos .
Firstly , zoo anials oft suffer ro stress and boredom when they ae t in heir natral abiat .
Secondly , unwanted anmals are somimes sold to cicses , huning prk or or mat .
Consequently , hy ar mitreted , hit and le in an inadequate plce where thy an not behae freely .
Anothe draback is that animals somtime escape from their enclsres , which is dangerous for hans .
This is claly sn en divig in the roue and suddenly you see a bl or a cow in the middle of the y .
this may ase no nly e aima dath by being run oe u also he passengers ' deah if th drvr tre to stop and lose te conrol of the c .
To coclude , thre ar strong arguments for a against keeping animals in zoos .
Pesonally , I think it is acceptable to keep aimal in zoos , as long as they have nugh pac d r operly looked afte .
First of a , I woul lik to say hat the oun pople hae worse ealth nowadays .
This is not their faul , of course .
It is u fal becuse we ae let the cmpanes to profit from ur own ns .
We are ade of lesh a it can be ver difficult to resst th temptation .
u should take a look at h thins you children have at their reach .
They ha computers , smartphns , cleaning robots , ft fod ...
nd t list os on .
I am not saying we shou travel ba in time .
We have develped technology to mae or lives eaer .
Nevtheless , we can ot alow tat technology to put our children in dger .
On the n han , I am oing to sound lk my grandfather tellin i war tals .
On h oter ad , an someone tell me why thi hilren an pnd hours playig video games ?
Why do we allow them to eat ot dos ?
Wh do they eed a smartphn ?
In ummary , I kow it is a hard choice . I am taking abou multnationa companies that try to change r y of lif to sut their needs .
I am a eliever that an prnt oul do watver it tks to protect their children .
Thereore , I call to acton .
Kateryna s born in 188 in iberia , RF in the mily of Ukrainian atas .
Kateryna was en to Uraine at he age of 6 .
The at of wting eters alog wit paintin colorful mndala wee taught by her grandmother .
A huge mirror in he bedroom made a child beieve th one is ble to travel through it anywhere .
Algebra nd geometry were th mst important suects taught by her grandfather .
She loved watching printr at wrk roducng nerous reults of psychology test , wch she had us passed .
Se gradatd h hg - school at the ae of 15 .
By ths tim he had be spending lmost al her free me nar the computer .
She dvted all her free time to experiments on iking the math homework with programing of te music eqlizer .
That 's how creatng visuals on he screen became her favorite activty .
S graduated Kiev International University in 2009 .
Kateryn was frutraed th cassic film nre and started lookin f pssibilities for realization of experimental teoretical ideas on ractie .
fter takin part in umerus fstival and oncert se had finll nered a joint Btish - Russi program for traiing cio - cltural manags in the culurl sphere .
Te spot tha I lie the mot is Dcing .
It ma sound wird or ven rog for se people , ecause tre are ny of hem that do n't een consider dancing as a sport ... but r me , d for eveyone that hs er done daing , it is t only a sport , but a very difficlt o .
Dancing requires a l of hins , like cordinaon , fexibility , an physial condition , just to mento a few .
Bu despite how hard danci can be , it is ao really un , an that 's actualy wa makes me enjoy it the most .
ou do n't even notice ow hrd your bd is workin because yo rally ae enjoying yurslf , and I thin ht 's awsome bease it just makes everything easier .
However , I would advise people who wuld lke to tart ancin to raly take it serious , bcaue even thoug I aid it is un , it really does reqie commitment and discipline .
Danci is no as easy as everybody thinks , but it is efintely worth a try .
e nflunce of te grow - ups : gra or no so ?
Recently I have listened to a discussion on hw adults an be a god nfluenc on young people .
his gt me thinking , hw do adut influence the behavir of youngsters ?
And is thi always a good influence , or should adults interfere ess wth te behaviour of younger pople ?
Adults a influenc th behaviour of youngsters in different ways .
Fit of a , the n gve rles to younger people .
hs can differ from he rules our parnts he set for yu , to t ls created by he governmen .
Thes ruls can influence behaviour in a positive way , because ty prevent yo from don stupid things .
Secondl , adult can offer advie to th youngsters .
hs miht be of great influence on youngster , fo adults ar see as the wiser eole .
ey ave more lf experience so he probaly ko hat they are talking about .
Lastly , alts can set an example for yuner eopl .
Tink of celbritis for example .
hey are of great influence on yunger eple .
When someone greatly amires a person , ey will try to behave ke the .
So whe admirab dults set ood examples for youngsters , they cn influene behaviour in a posiive wa .
Howvr , it is n't all that grat .
Because yon peple often do n't ie to be elittld .
So setting rules ght cause tem to do h xact opposie .
Especially when they have to li under a gret lot of rules .
Also , advce is n't alays taken positvely .
This is because adults lived in a complete ote ime , so thir advice might be outdated .
Th causes yng people to ignore the adve .
Laly , en a wrng eample is se , this can influence behaviur in a egative way , becue they 'll t to ct to hs wong example .
So ll in l , there r may wy in whih adults can influence the behaviour of younger pople .
nd whther this is taken positively , is completely up to e adults and youngsters themselves .
Mys and cts aout frozen shoudr
Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremel imiting ad debilitating disease .
Th conditon arts th pin when you ve your shoulder int and ten progresses ito total failure and limiaion of t shoulder .
Although very important nd crtical , there are los of myths surrounding it and may patients uffering the iseas do t know th re facts about it .
oday we wl make a spotlight on the famous fac and yth abot " Frozen shouder " .
1- Mos of he patient believe th ave got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in te shoulder ont , but this is a yth because frozen shoulder can occur after a trama or ven without any trauma as in elderly people especially those who have diabete n those recovering rm an operation .
2- If you believe that doing exercises wores you condition , hn that is nother myh bcause frozen shoulder occu to people who stop or decrease using their shouler joint for a long ie .
Usually after maor operains , having a stroke or be fracture .
Th ignore uing full rang of joint moion to avoid e pain sensaio .
So an inflmmatry response starts leading to the jit stiffness , moveent becomes panful an rage of movement is limtd by ie .
3- An important fact about frze shoulder is th no surgeris are usualy need .
Te frt treatment that your doctor will suggest is mdications such as anlgesics and paracetmol .
In dditin to thi , physical therpy is also an important way of treatment to maintain a full rang of movment .
Cortisone injections are lo helpful , these injections ca improve everything ; decreae seling , stiffnes and pain .
Surge is our la resort if the condition is sevee and all the rvious lie of treatment failed .
4- If you believe that yo can easily pevnt froen shoulder , en of core u are right .
Y can never have a froe shoulder if yu llowed hes advices :
- If you hd a rgery or an injury , y should kep mving yo shoulder joint within a liit even if it is paiul .
- Haing physical therapy ftr a surgery or rauma is crucial .
hysical therapy reurns your body to t prvius healthy condition before trauma .
If ot done , healing is o fully complted a h oit rmais painful .
Therefore , futher avoidance of movement occurs a leads to frozen shoulder .
- Physioheapy is not oly about exercises , ome physiotherapy techniques n decreas your an and suffering .
Introduction
The i of this rpot is to inform an internatial organisation hw o town takes care of the envronment as well as what do people do with their rubbish and ow the twn is tryg to ke th ar clean ad attactive .
hat people do with ther rubbsh
Nowadas young chldren are ell inrmed about the dynamics and te complexity abt h pollution cycle .
However , it is estimated th at est 70% of young ks do ot ta care of their personal rubbish a ae h main contributors to a pluted environment .
Beids the ft that aduls were not as well taught as children in school , hey a the most civilized n responibe .
A tudy hows that adults tae care of thir persoal garbage not jt ecause of their eduatin but ecase of teir nxiety to show their ids ha he re a eat an resposibl parents .
Ho the twn tries to ep the ra clean
Aording to our mayor , hre are sevral points tht ur tw really cares abut to always keep o ea as clean as possle .
ver year we nmiate a erson tht is responile for uperising t dustman 's work ever single d .
As f as I am concerned thre are now a fe ule in our own legisatin ha if yu do not take re of you garbage or if y take papers to the flor u will he to pay a fine .
Ths fin a reach between 100 nd 150 eros .
Conclusio
To cnlude this rept , here are ny ting tht stil need to be don .
However , everything star at the level of edation tht every human being receives .
Unfortunatly , there is ill a lon way to do in terms environment concerns , but some of ts solutions suggested by the mayor hp us soping the pollution .
Enironmetal problems ar bcoming re n mo serious all oe the world .
There are me ids of pollution such as garbage d wsted bottls , b some pollutin is invisible such as noise n diry i .
i pollution is the mst serious problem among all oer knd of pollion owadas .
They have already had great impact on people 's life .
" Air " is oe of te necessiies to maintain a humn beig 's lie .
Howevr air polluton affects n only peope heath but aso th whole enviromental system .
Chia is a i industrial country so tre a a great nube of actries an rucs .
Much dirty air is released every dy .
Trucks have made the ir uealthy r eople to breathe nd poisonous gas is gen of by a lot of factories .
It also aks oxye lackng but mre and mo carbo dioxde , he same result as O .
C2 cn desroy e ozone .
If we do n't tar to fe this problem , we wl hurt ts lanet we liv in .
Environmental problems at tuch us all .
ot only the government shol make laws to contr the sitation but ls we should do our et no to create mo polution .
For Example , if you do n't oke , y wo n't cause a polluton a o wo n't mage or healh ; if o e public transportaion , walk oe or take bicycle as yo transportation , o will not only el redce the pollution bust lso improve our health .
Also , laning ore res isted of cutting them to puriy our breathing air n reduce ar polltion .
While there are many thngs to appreciate and celebrate about t wod in whic we live many pressing enviromenta problem cry ou or o attention .
To aintai h oy earh we iv in is now the major ise for us nowadays .
It 's lo our eponsibility to protc it n to do o bet to prevent it frm bing pllute .
lison read he ote , smle , ad immediately put on her coat .
Was 31st October .
S went ou to meet her friend fm ndia .
hey had ee writing fo w yar on h internet .
It was dark utside , the weather was windy and th leaves fell rm he trees .
liso ra ang the nocturnal streets of Fance .
They wee to meet on te street Boulevard Argo .
When Alison ce to he d not ee n peple .
She ited for haf an hour b e friend ever me .
When it a alrady 10 pm suddenly a cr appeaed in th dark .
Alison felt fa , her hert ws beating n she tated to run .
The cr beg to hase h .
h a forwar ut a far from hoe .
Tas owed down her cheeks , se could not r any loner .
Fially , she aw he ligh of th approaching ca ad rn towad the car .
The cr stopped quickly ad her friend stepped ut of the ar .
They braced and Alion thanked i for sving her .
Te Uual Suspects , oe of the bt mves in the st two deades .
I must confess I feel like I am cheating .
Thy hae asked me to choose a thriller and it has been so easy it fee b .
I am goig to stat with the ctor of his movie .
Most of them ee not stars he he made it .
They became stars becase of this ilm .
Therefore , it woul be incredible expensive to reunite all of he again or another film .
The are credible , especilly Kev Spaey , Charles Palinteri and Gabriel Byr .
e sual usects is the first movie by Bryn Singer .
I hik it is t bst one to .
At tht momnt he semed like t new Steven Spielberg .
Nowday he has turned nto another director .
The photography is lso gd .
The soundtrack is not spectacular .
It h a ai of good nes a th e tem .
The cipt seprtes ti ilm from h otrs .
T script is md of pr ol .
It is so tighly knitted o do nt realise it is telling y he sto of a failure .
Tee is a scene , at the very end , where ou can se a trnsfrmation .
You become aware of what was oing on d yo start to trave back no th fil sto .
Tha oment is priceless .
I ink that e best ay to recomnd this movie to none one is to quote from T sua Suspect : " he est trick e devil ever puled was convincing the wol he i n't xst . "
ar of . Findlay ,
I am excited to apply for the Cours Materials Writer position availbl at your company .
It woud be a get pleasur f me to be part of Thk Edcaion , an innovaiv high eduatio institution that ffers high - qualy learning .
I ae a Sc in Foo Sciene d PhD in Biochemistry .
Oeral , I have nine years of xperienc in bioedcal esearc an sverl yars of teaching experiene .
At t Uniersty of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry or Nutrition stdets .
During my carer I hav gain exenive experence in academc witing .
My scientific ork wa publishe in seven scientific atices .
Moeovr , in a position as a Medca Writer I wro scietiic documents for client in e pharmaceutical industry .
Furthermore , I w a writer a ditr fr t projet Food In , a platform to infrm the geral puli out food science related tocs .
The advrtied position is vey apealing for me because I av always been facinatd out nurition and naural therapies .
I would be very motivated to contribte to the development of exclent education material fo h aculty of elth ad Wellness of hnk Edcaion .
The strenhs tat I could bng to this position are excellent written communication sill and a ken y or detail .
I am a very dynamic , creaive and proactive peron d I osess a strong work ethic .
I would appreciat the hance to talk th u to iscuss the requirements and expctations of the sition .
Thank ou fr your tie n consieraion and I am lookin forrd to hearn rom yu so .
Sincerely ,
Laura Monalvo
Ther is no uure fo public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
The mdern tie hv raised te conrn abut the environment , clmat change nd energy .
The public transportation a help fighting grenhuse gas emissions d c lp us protect the world from Climate change effecs .
In te recen ears there has been a gra change in consumption habits .
Now dys , people a coos the most convenient wa of travelling d the is no doubt that sing a priate car is eay , cheap nd fun .
On the other had , usn a riate ca is totlly ignoring the evirnmental damage nd effects .
In developing countries , there is tll a lw lel of awareness out the side effects of sng private polluting as .
But in modern countries , e environmental effcts of one 's behavior is becomng important d concering .
In my opinion it is just a mater of ti until all e transportation options will be puic and the pivate cars il be left bhnd .
People 's lfe will change draatically in he next 50 years .
We n kno this ju by comparing t life o a 50 yea go .
If we do so , we can e th massiv difference in or ies from the people living 50 years back .
Although now we hv very advanced technology whch has made or lives compltel different d omfortabe than bfoe , in e future it will be uch better than this .
We will see things happenn tn which today sem to be impossible .
The ther difference , hpefully , wll be in medicine .
We wil defitely ha bete rug and ao less inurale diseas .
However , it is ossible hat along n inventions and research there igt be more harmful viruses lso .
All these differences wll make people 's ives trnquil .
here re some dwnsides of an advance word too , for exampe , people ll be re healthy due to t enironmental conditions ad al ss elf - reiant because of the tehnology pogress .
Soud boys and girls go to the me school ?
ay parents ce a dilemma wn chooig the tye of education he ih to gve to thei chldrn n o of e fist eciions hey must ke is wt type of school they old like tei children to attend nd whther it hould be a singl sex choo or a mixed ex oe .
It c nt escape our mds ta at this sag and e , chlren are exposd to sexul imes fro a vey early age nd some people would aru tha our sociey is hyper sexualie , whi is a eson wh an prent s single se schools as a means to proec thei ofsprin rom having sual thoughts before they are rdy to understand te mplexity of sx an sexual reltionships .
Whi the hyper sxulisation of u society may be a reality th an parent would ant to protect ter hilden from , it is te to sy that childrn need to adapt and be eady f e society in whch they live and for may prets , sending their children to a mix sex school is jus a naturl environent , muh moe siilar to the " oside rld " in which thy would gow to adulthod .
Consdering how uch time chidre spend at school , it appeas to me that chooin a single e scho will mak te hld , someho , egregaed and in many cass , reinforce sm of h may stereotypes that we , as society , ha regaing gender which , if we ake into conideratin ta these children ae going to be he fute leaders , educators , lwyers , politicians nd so on , I wuld arge that e more schools reflect r soiey n the way ht we lke it to be , he better , ot oly o the chi as a erso , bt the hld as a key in the uture of te outry d , as an extent , to the world .
Thereore and to sum up , Is my vie , that pubi money is betr spent suporting mix s schoos , which rflects the society we lve in , as opposed to single sex ' which may reinforce tho stereotypes ha are minng socity .
I abslutely agree with this statement . Travellng by car is not only much mor convenin than pbic transport , it alo grants on 's ndependence to go wherever and whenever one mght wish .
Morever , diving grants motorists o of te most popar feelings in Wsern soceties : the feeling of being free .
Eve if it is true tht many citzns e public transpor hen their finances are tight , it is also true hat most of those same people uld se the private cars instad if gve the cnce .
Th car industry could so be csidered one of th mai driving engines of th Weter economy .
It is difficult to imagine what the futre woud hl for the uropan econois if e c indust collapsed .
Thousands woul lose their jb , ot directly in the car factories n ndiretly in many other cr - reatd businesses , ke car pr stoes , petrol tatins , garages , a so on .
If priate transpo a fully replaced by pubic ranspot , the wrl 's ecnomic foundations would shake a a glob financial crisis of unprecedentd mpact cold occr .
It is true at cars pollue the amosphere , b it is ao true at the emissins from public transport also contbute to pollution - som wuld say th ev more than private tansort , as Diese mtrs are partularly irtier and ore inefficient han smaller , petol driven motors ke those of private ca .
Al things considered we mit colude that public transport will evntualy dsapear in th shrt term an in no time eeryoe wll be rivin thi n lea - energy - rien flying as to go everywhere .
Dea Mr Jason ,
I am witing to you to pply for a position advertised rently .
Currently I am working as a teacher of glish in my city of Diropetrovsk .
I am keen on ommuicating wth dffeent goup of children ( mosty aged 9 - 17 ) .
Duri my areer I have oranized a lot of fascinating activities to kee my students enthusiasic about larning more .
Nowadays it is imrtant to be a ol moe for your upis - so I try to eep fit and sow modern movies abut staying healthy .
I consider myself to be deall uited r this job o several rasons .
First of l , I have considerable experience in workin with teenger ( for more than 5 year ) which I fnd really enjoyable .
Second , I am quit energetic , open , active ad eucated person .
d finally , I am id of person h is responsible , well - orgnised d optmstic .
I oud like to wrk in your ummer camp .
It is a grea pportunit o me to pactise my skills and socialize with children fro a foren counry .
nd , of course , to add up an extra actvi to my CV as I am sd to do every summer .
If you ve ny questins , fe ee to email me .
I ave attached a copy of my CV and some ove letters .
Looking forward to your eply .
Yours faithfully ,
Pasha Shubina
ecenly , gentc ngineerig hs become a highl conroverial isue aroun te wold .
Many eople think that genetic engineering hs many drawbacks .
Howev , others claim hat it is vital f societies d ex geerations .
Genti ngineering is e prces of mnipulting e ene of an organism .
Accrding to supprtrs of it , there ae many beeits of getic engineering .
As it is own , it is sed to produce cops ht ae mr resistant to inets and diseases .
Besids , sm genetically odifed ros go more quickly .
Supporters as clam tat , it is vitl for some countries which are struggling wt famne .
e other benefit is aou human life .
th genti engineering , human healh has become better in many ways .
For istance , it ay be used by scientists to cure some diseases .
Genes cold be caged before a baby is brn thus , inherited ilesses would no longer xst .
It cod also be osible to clone uan orans so at we cod ve a chance to replae our dmaged body parts .
In pte of e beefits , there re aso ceran drawback of human gntic engineeng .
There ae many ehial concern about umn gnetic engineering .
It is still unacceptable in most cultures beause of the rligiou blies .
They believe tht it is unnatural .
Another problm is th genetclly modifid fod products .
Although the lok bigger or mor attractive , genetclly modified food prodcts r unhealthy or ople .
In conclusion , it ems the beefts outweigh the drawbacks of human getic engeering .
Therefr , genetic enginering is importan o humanity ad t future .
Charles Dickens and the Brönt sisters we fous Vctoria writers .
N only did ty share a clear interest in wriing aut social issues that struck the contemporary if in rtain , but ey also had silar ways of strturing their novels .
F example , in Dickes ' " Davi Copperfield " d Charlotte Brönte 's " Jane ye " , h soy is told by their respectiv protagonists who reember their own past experiences .
In boh novels he iters also del with t misreatent of chidren in workhouses ( " Dvd Copperfel " ) and Boarding Schls ( " Ja Eyre " ) .
Although th a har these themes , their was of writing e quie different .
In t Brönte sistr ' works , we can fnd some Gothic elements - especially in miy 's nly novl " uthering Hight"- and a detchment from the fire of he Victorian dutful womn .
In Dikens ' noves Realism allws e readers to know ho tough Londo society was in that period .
Michel , my never - ending lo toy , was aking down t steet oe ngh wih no particular thoghts in his mnd .
It ws a narro street lined up by two - soy buildings on th floor of wich shops , pbs ere flashing their neon signs .
Pole wre coing in or ot of the ub , om walkig traight , others on ll ors , cheerful anyway .
Michael coud n't ring himself to ete one , o proud to admit he needed peple 's cmpny after a lo yer of big a ingle y because he , on the su of the moment , decide to slt up with me .
How col this hav happened to him ?
ha he did n't know , or just cld n't acept , was he as unwllng to tolerate other eople 's vie , and jokes that 's w he packed my thing and ked me to fnd another pae to sty .
Te reaso ? I ol m I found a job in another city a I was considerig moving ouse .
I xplined to him it was he chance of my life givn that good jobs for ome e diffcult to fnd , pa is n't the same as fo men ad I fl I di n't receive e status men in my company njoyed .
He ju could n't tk it .
I ma it wa a joke I mae d I had no real ntenton to ave i .
No one ould av anticipated ht hapeed next .
I must have seem crul to him because , despite our day disagreements , he adord me d as serious about settlin dn soon .
Bu I guess it was too bi a shock , so Michel closed the door nd knew at tha momt he ad mae a mstae .
Dear Pu ,
Thank yu or yo e - mail .
It is vr ic to hear frm you .
As you nw , I helped at a cncer of U2 las month ad I 'd like to ell y something ore about it .
It was , of curs , a one in a lifete pportunity , one I grabd ith oth ans .
When you hear you ar asked to help ot in a concert of your favourite band , o ca n't refuse .
I s sked to take care of e V room .
I was reponsibl r fulflling all h ned of thse fmous uests .
I must y that not all of them are er easy to work wi .
The things some of them ated , nbeievable!Lucily , I d me ote studens helping me fid all the curious hings for the faous .
Despite l th hard wr I h to do , I wuld ot have to think twice if hy ak me to do it ain .
It a , ate ll , an azing experience .
Not to say that ow I have ome good connections in the old of he ri an famous !
l th st ,
eirde
Due to te ever - increasing popuaton coupe with e climate change , food shortage has bcoe a significat faing by man countries .
Some asser tat genetical modfied technology can be pplied to addrss his prolem .
hi essa il arg ta genetically moified food can be e y u of the prolem of ood dfiit n th wll be done by focusing on its environment benefits and increasig fod ield .
irsly , GM od n he a positive imact on te proble of food safety .
It is ll known that e GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest diease resistace gen .
This mens tha the food being more resistant to ess an agrcultural diseass can miimis he u of hemial pesticides and fertilizers tha c poison h ter supply and plute the envrnment .
Ti reduction in he application of chemical materils a create a safer agricultural envionment , ensuring food afety .
Furthemore , GM ood can also improve the poduction of crps .
De to he various new raits esultng from the GM echnology , uc as drout tolerne and sainity tolernc , GM ood n esue h od production in the prid of drugh .
This could be mportant or od production , especially in developing countries .
Howeve , ome may argue that it is also questonale whether GM food has a detrimental ipact on umn helth .
ctually , thousands of tests on GM oo , bfore brig it into mrkets , hae been oven that it is hrmles to both he environment and human health .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM fo ca increase food yiels with t less us of cheicas .
In views of this , it is reasonable to believe hat GM food migh be an ideal strtey to allevite e problem of foo shorage .
However , because thee are some disadvantages in GM technology which is being deloped , it is also recommended that governmets hould ie ore imprance to te management of GM fod .
An eldel university professor had to give hi tudents t lt lesson of his prfesional lf , because he was gng to retire .
However , nl a few students , just five or six , had follwed i curs a , recently , only two of tem had been present .
As soon as the professor entered h clasroom , he was uprised to see th it was cometely full .
He thought tht many stdent ha decided to foow his lat lsson d he wa leased an moved by this kindness .
There w vy little lgh in he classroom because it had been a riny afternoon an a terribe thnderstorm d caused an electrical blackout .
When a stuen came in , aso he was surprid to see so mny eopl inside , but , after a whil , he realized what as elly happening : dens of wet raicoat ha been left on the airs by students of another course .
h student id n't ha the courae to interrupt his eacer and gi m uch a strong pai nd disillusion : he slunk aay ile he d professor w til speaking enthusiastically to noboy .
Stdents e of eisure Time
On th Mrh 204 , a uvey s cnducted among 60 students .
he purpose of the survey wa to discove poulr leisre me activities of mal a femae sudents .
h survey was carre ou by means of a questionnaire given to the male n female students to complete .
It consisted of thee parts .
he first pa of the questionnare deat with leisure time activities on hoidays .
The second secion was oncened it tie - o activities .
T third art toched on the ways of pendng free time at home .
From t table of data , the ot significant items re as folows .
It s ben oun in e first section at a lrge percentage of th male espondents preferred to st at home on olidas , whil 90% of he female tudens woul like to go to the seaside .
Th male stdnts would gadl go to historical pacs , while 57% of the girls w flle in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spend the re me in hat w .
In the second seton both he girls n the boys interrogated claimed that they do n't pend heir fee time ging to the theatr or the opra .
53% of he male tuents never do tha ; hile 50% of t grs tted tt hey try to go teares and oeras sveral times a year to expand their horizons .
The ajority of the male and female respondents enjoy goin to nightclub in their spare tim .
For example , oly 10% perct of th boys ever do ht and 24% go to nitspots at least e time a week .
Moe than a half of the male students spend their spae ie ong sport two a oe ties a we .
Unlike th boys the female respndets usually do n't ee lke going in fr srt at leisure .
In corast to the male responens e girls interrogate go to evening classes in tir ee time .
Wile 53% of the boys never do that .
ke the ale respondents the girls interroged go egulaly to t cinema .
r istance , 47% of h emale resondents wach films on a big creen every wek .
In h hir part of the questionnaire was und out that the mle espndents ae siilar to he girl respondents in ht they both joy litning to musc at home mre than 2 hours a dy .
In cntast to the ils intrroated wh amst nevr play copute ames h majority of the le students amble for hos at lesure .
The female respondents a mor fond of reing books that te mae nes .
40% of e gil read books several hours a ay , wile 13% of the male students do n't read in their ree time at a .
The mal who fild in he questionnaire and the feales alike sped many hours by surfing the Internet .
For example , 53% of the feal students are on - ln more than 3 hors a day .
If ny conclusions ay be drawn from the ata , they are as follows .
h esure activite of t male a female studnts have a lt in cmmon .
here is an vident tendenc to he cline in e ctive ways of sendig fre tm .
The yung peol of oh exe prefer to be on - lne or playing computer games at lesur .
According to h findings , it is clear ta nwdays going to nightclubs and cinas a re popular than going to heates and eras or visiting historial lace .
There are therefore a clear eed o oung people to reer ctie and edcting lsure tm activiies to passive ones .
Dr Ms Lusik ,
First of al , we would lke to hank you for letting us know aut yor concerns and giing us t oportunity to exlain ourselves .
Ples accpt our dearest apologies ; it was the least of our inentins to ofed o with ur rlease lete , wih is a standard format authorized by o legal department .
We alred passed ur comments aut th format on to o chief lawyer and hoe he ca approve the necessary adustmens .
Be assred tht we take yor concerns serious .
We would like to thank you for makin us aare of e strog sound of th lett .
Of course you c share your opiion an expeiences about your say wherever and wit whoever you wis .
Ther ha neve been any inttion of hidn t truh as u id .
In additi , we re sorry that your holiday experience ws afecte by the ire occurred on Saturdy Otober 10th , 20 .
Our staff worked hard to relocate ou guests as soon as posble in neby hotels and at our Paraíso Cmplex , in order for them to cotinue enjoying the holidays .
It wa not an easy task to id a nw accommodation and rlocae ver a thouad peop .
We do no that th incide mih have caused some iconeniences , u h most important ing is hat none of our uets or staff w njure .
We r sorr fr e ie it oo to relocate o , he least we could do w to offer yu an upgaded room at Paraiso Mar y Bea .
You metioned in your mil that yu ould hv travelld aan with IBEROTAR if it wa not r the forma of e release lttr .
We hope ta ou explanations and aploies ll make you chne your mind and that you give us another cance in te utre to rovide u wh a much more delightfu eperiene .
Gven te circumstnces we uld like to offer n of th fllowing compensations if yu decide to tavel th us ain in the futur :
Having sed public tasport fr so many years , as I 've lived in a b city sine I wa just a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
In my oinon mny peole depend on public transport to gt to their pace of work , univeity or school .
In terms of money it is much ceaer to tvel by u an to e our own car .
If yo compar te pce of etrl with he pice of a bs ticket u a early s how much bter it is to trael by bus .
I eoy travelling by bs or tin , on your journey ou can read or jus loo through h windows .
u do n't nd to gt agy or a if yu do n't find a parking space , y can jst t on / f the bus heever you like .
You can alo enjoy the comany of tho trvellers harin te same transot .
ometimes you can even meet new eople on the bs .
Hover , I mst are tat travelling by cr c give u mo freedomn , you can arry your soping and pick up oher people on t way .
Furthemore , o can choose what time you would ke to travel nd where .
But depite al thi thre will alwas be pepe wthot a ar h nees to ommute eve day so her is a ng fture fo public transport .
As lng as people keep acepting tis technolgy r communicaion , socal mdia sites will al kep roceeding to the nxt step nd affecting h society .
In erm of t communication socet , thy will possiby change the way in hich people develop relationship with each othe , an consequently , tey will create to types of ulture : commnal an aentic .
In te ormr , pepe hve ability alot equally , an value iterpersonal relationship .
In contrast , agntic cuure streses th differences beween indiiduas , along wit eotism and nquality ( Zarbatany , Conle , & Pepper as cited in Okazai , & Taylo , 2013 ) .
These types of culture will oppstely exis in the uture as an ffct of social medi sites .
RTICLE
Ther is nothing wose than not be able to communicate wih people when o 're in a foregn country .
It igt be su a frustraing sesation that you could n't want to go back aan .
Ts artie deal wt the bnefit nd drawbacks , if tere are y , of learning anthe language .
Speaking fo mysl , I think ta he pros outweigh h cons .
On he one ad you 'll feel ore active an yu 'll realise ho your brain mery ge better and better .
Besides , you 'll understand the native people we you 're going on holiday .
nd furthermore , it 'll be eassuring to get by with or baic necessities in anoher ounty .
On the oter had , studig a new language can be a b daunting at first a yu 'll have to kp on track on a daily basis if you want to imrov our languae skills .
This culd be a drawback becaus n l e peope are up to the sk .
To ap up e aticle I 'd stonly recomen that youg people to learn at leas a ne foreign language especialy if you 're a stden .
This will give u an advantage in yu ftue career .
Nwdays , famous peple ik moe tar , poliician , odels d other celebrities sufe from lak of prvacy .
Paparazzi and journalists ar foowing them everywhere they go .
They ae aso e reasn for many problems , which appear in private lives of some elebrities .
It is kow , ht it is he job of paparazzi to follow famous people nd look for sensato in thei daily bhaviour and celebs ae aware of the at , that they are recogise everywhere , but an nterest in oe 's rivte life , when the ersn os n't wat to is basically a synonim for respassing .
I strongly agree it the statent , tht famu eple so shuld ha their own private lves , wih no oe 's folowig n that no on knows aut it .
It is very hard to ad a orma life , we y av to tink a day on , about what you ay , wh you wa and first of all , ht you do .
Being a clebriy mean working al e im , you av o a single moment to relax and forget about your wrk .
On he ther han , it is obvious that people want to know eerythin they cn aou celebrities they like or admre an journalists give tem the opportunity to find ut some formation aout thir lives , bu they often cross the in and lterally depriv these famos peope of private life .
In my opnin veryon derves to ve a pivae life ven if he is a publc person .
I 'm re that no n would li to see his pho in a nwspaer , on which he 's eating or akng a stupid fac n that 's w we shoud repect other 's rvacy .
Eveything ta gos on in the faou person 's fe , including birth , deaths , illness and divorces is foder fr the tabloids .
If the idividual stumbles , whther figuratively or literall , speculation aut h will d up on TV , on t Inrnet or the frt page of the tabloids .
On h on ad , many faos peoe ie being discussd all over the world .
Thy thnk ta due to scadal ty will be ab to et fame , live in the a of lxry an have a lot of ney .
On the other had , not verbody preers to reea the secrts of the private life .
Fr these kinds of pople it is imortan nt to bin u family scenes ad problems , as he do n't wa to be disputed in public .
B in spte of hs , smtimes journaists a be too inisten , tyig to et at as muh information as possible .
Gneraly , celebrities deserve to have a private if .
hn you cock out at wrk , no oe has the right to make you ke workin .
As it seems to me , prvate information aout stars hould be published if they aprve of it pttin te signate .
It uld be faily by clbrities .
Dea Paul ,
Thks r your email .
I 'm gd to hea that you 've cided to take art in an organisation of this month 's conrt .
I hope you find it ueful as I did ls month .
I 'm witng to tell u about my xperience I aned during preparatios for h last concert .
It as really aweme !
As a volunteer I was helping make meals o I uests .
Yo kow , I have graduated culinary school d it was a grt opportunity to u my skil . I 've made a lot of nw friens .
We 're still in touch .
h bd thing about it was that it tok me a l of ie .
I fell behind , but it was worth it .
I know it could be a problm or ou ine you ca n't cook , ut organisers ed vlunters in mny fields : ceography , sunding , VIP - scor .
I 'm sure ou 'll find something for yu and you 'll enjoy it .
So my recomendation to y would be to do somehing smlar if o are lokng for good experienes ad plenty of augs !
t me know how it os .
l e best .
thur
We are living in a diita ag .
Noadays almost everyone in the wld h contact wt computers and the get majorit of them have bee sing the Internet .
h Interet has may good pons : it 's an ifinite ourc of informaon and it 's a cheaper n faster wa to communicate wit other pope .
The Iternt is also a ' home ' for many soial networks .
One of te , he most faou and te most used , is Facebok .
We can use Facebook to et in och with our friends nd ev to meet nw people .
Sound nice and easy , right ?
However , Faceboo , as well as many ohe social netwrkng ite , has ts drk side too .
On the o hand , it 's dictive . Intrne addiction represents a serious probem in our ag .
It ay lead to inefficiency at school - or workplace - or evn sleepig disoders .
On the other hand , ot of peoe usg fake acounts ae lurkn on Fcebook .
Ths eans ou do n't now r sr o yo 're eally talkng to .
Nowadys , anyoe cn take a hoto fom the w a asue it 's theirs .
talkes , pedophils , uan traffickers , murdeers and other ciminals ; the are just a mall pa of the threats u can come across on Facbook .
In oclusion , I think tht we ca n't be safe anywre anymore - nt even online .
The best ay to kep ourelves safe is to ee our Faceook profiles rivate .
And also , les not forget hat going out th friends from ime to tm wo n't hurt anyon .
e Soie Unio collapse hs beom one of the defining events in the world 's hsory .
It inflened te further development of post - Soviet countries as ll geoplitica situatin in e hole world .
It s aso nflueced the international relations not just within ost - Soviet area , bu also in the entir wod , as th eiod after th collaps of the USS wa rked as cash of ipolr strutre of intrnationa elatios .
So long as for fity years the wod lived under te shaow of the ol W , fearin a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , th dissolution of e USS a a huge resonance no nly in te US as - mdia b lso in the American socity .
American press had widely illustrated the revolution in he Baltic States a the ension which h been spra in th oviet Union after he fall of h Brli Wall as el as te fall of cmunist gvernmets witin th hle fmer ovit Bloc .
The tensions in he Sovet Uio cme to its pa in Augst 199 , wie Goracev as on vacatio in e Crea , a grou of rgh ing miliary an KGB eadrs staged a coup in Mscow .
The"N ork Times " made a serie of publications ddicated to he coup .
They were ulished nder the common title " Soviet crisis " .
The rticles headlined " Sovi crisis " ave brdly described the ituaion in he cptal of Rusia .
On the August 20 , " New ork Ties " pulished e article which contained th xcerps from the news conferenc ed by Atin resident Gennadiy Yanayev and fu other mebers of the State Committee for te State of Emerency .
The mercan res summing up the ra of Gorbachov frequntly ighlighted hi attempts to increase he openness of t Soviet society .
Thse attempts wee cnsdered as ne of Gorbachov 's man meris . "
The buried secrets of st rgies and t foibls of the peent ne wre xpsed to ubic scrtiny by a ess " - th New York Tim rote .
e plotters have immediately encuntered strong opposition frm e leadershp of he RFS leaders under he guidance of President Boris Yeltsn .
ns of thounds hit th streets in Russia in order to defend te democrcy .
Decisive ctios of ltsin have been supported by most wrld governments and international communtes .
ori Yeltsin ha gaie intertional aclim when he occupied h ussian White House and facd don t theas of th coup 's leader .
T coup , d to lack of organization d suppor by the military forces , fied hre days afe .
The person of Boris Yeltsin h become the ost popular one in ta time world 's press .
Leading articles of the os read newspapers in the States were dedicated to the frs Rusian presiden .
Ameicn nwsppers rte that Bois Yeltsin acquired ne status for hi defat snd , alo mentioning that e eple had kew a litle bou him .
The rtice of the New Yok Post " THE OVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remars : A ' Reationary Coup " refers to e night of 18 - 19 August 991 when the lealy electd President of the country w removd from powr .
The author lays the stress on he democrtic processes in the couny hich av acquired broad and irreversible character .
Also it show the dispition of the soviet popl towards the changes in the country . "
The people of Russi ar becoing masters of ther dstny .
Te uncontrolled pors of unconstituiona organs have been consderaby imied , d ts inludes pat organs . "
This cp ad a i resonance mong the Amerian societ ; consequently e US mass - media wee eager to knw h feeling of the US citzen abo the situation in the Soviet Union .
he US itien deemed the crisis as a meae fr he liberalisation of society ; he asmed it as an actual arrier for th expression of people 's will . "
In the hearts of man Amerians , the cold war finally ended this week " , t New Yrk Times wrote .
The press accntuatd ht many of Americans dste of fear left over fro e Cld War were harshly reminding that this is still he nuclear age .
h dissoluion of t Communist party h also beme n of most pplar isses mong Amrican mass - media .
h reduction of Gorbchv 's role and he growth of the Yeltsin 's haven't been out of he attention in e US edi sources .
Russia Presidn Boris Yeltsin proposed a radial restructuring of the oviet Union ha woul inimie the rle of Mikhail Gobchev and reduce th USSR to a ose confederation of ine republics . "
he ommnist Paty , which hs hd control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving - te Cicag Tribune wrote .
The US mass - media followed e reaction on th crisis inside Cmmnist party losly O of the arties of the ashington pst " Soviet Turoi Saes Europe 's Communists " tells that Sovie Presidnt Mikhail Grbacev 's call fr disoluion of te Communst arty Cental Committee has calle nto question the survil of its satellite parties in etern urope .
e dissolution of the Communist party was concerned as the oe of he features of the Soviet Union collapse .
In the Washington Pst e editoial remarks that the failu of he ocow coup as finly brk the influence of h ommunist rty ovr t power structre n the wrl outlook of Soviet people .
As a rslt , the Sovie Union has een disintegted along traditional etni lies .
The upso of t matter is that th issolutio of t Sovi ion has caused the formation of the new states and following referendums on eir indepenence .
he leaders of Russia , Ukrane d Belarus ormlly nnounced the dissoluion of te Soviet nion on Dec 8 , 1991 and reed to establsh a " Commonwalt of Inependen States " instead .
The official collapse of the Soviet Uion has occurred in ecember 191 .
On he 25th of Decemb 19 Gorachov ha officially rsiged .
T Washington Pos h witen down : " a sokeman for Russian residet Boris Yeltsin said hat the Soviet nion will cease to exit by the end of 1991 .
Sviet Presdent Gorbachev agrd to the dissolution of all oiet agecie " .
Siet époque , whh a existed for 74 ers , cae to its n an this aved e w for establshment of new independent republics .
REORT
" Wa oung people a interested in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requested I interviewed a larg number of oung people , tryig to unrstand their main inersts , epeially as regas uic , TV programmes and clotes .
MUSIC
Man people aged between fourteen and eightee aid at the most listeed muic ong teenagers is defnitly rock msc .
However , some of them admitted their iteest also f pop mic d RNB .
Only a few youngtrs listn to classical music and le the pera .
TV PROGRAMMES
The peple I ineviewed are vey en on reality how like " B Brthe " n siilar but I hav to say th ay of them are als inteeste in cooking sows a documentaies .
CLOTHES
Finally , regarding to h clothes , oung peple declared to prefer casual outits like jens , t - shirts ec .
Oly a fw of them like to wear fsionable lohes .
CONCLUSION
In the whole , I hik tt yong people have o a lar variet of interests .
ome of tm ae pretty imilar to tse we had in the past ; others are completely different ad very intrsting to xlore .
hi ouse believes ht everyone should be able to seak Enish .
A ord where everybody is able to communicate in the sa language - is that pure utopia or may it be a considerable iea ?
ht would the posible advantages and disadvantages of a word wide spoken language be ?
Estabising English as the ew worldwde soken language ight be a faourable example since English is alread spke by oe than 30 millon ntiv peakers and herefore e hird most spoken language in the world , accoing to Ethnologue .
Moreover Enlsh is aready a universal angage used by ay people to commuicat or negotatig within t business mrke .
Imginng everyone hd the opportunity to lean and therefore communicate ith each ote in a worldwide oken language is cetainly an appaing idea d wld , without dou , hae many beefits .
Firsly , as mentioned beore , it would give everyone the opportunity to commuicate with veryoe .
However , the ralisation of English as a wld language wuld ertainly ne an eucatioal basis r everyone wich migh not be easy to complish ut it wld be possible .
While teaching veryon English it woud ls be prfitale to istrct basc knowedge in mathematics , phycs or ohr relevat tpics whh mht be hlpfl .
Such a standardised eduatioal system for every single peson on the wod would threfore o ly benefit he cmunication or exsing busiesses but also help thir - wor untries to start companies , tad and industrialise thr counries so the can ae care of hemseves n emerge out of oerty .
Moreover , the standardised educational syem old ao ed peple wh each and instruct others so th world lanuae wi be established everywhere .
In order to accomplish this endoment ther old be a neesity of tachers which led to many e jb opporunties .
After all , a copl of profsions mght become extinct , fo example trnslatos , b , threfor , the organiation and excution of this bg prjet would provide a rnge of other jobs which an mak up o the ones lot .
he educational ystem would al proide a valuable basis for t wol of politics so colicts might be prevented due to the lost language barier with ts vulnerability an rsks of misunderstandings .
In addition , cil wrs or catastrophes like he Ara spring might also be avoided snce there ill be an eductioal standard which cold teac diferent ws of politica leadership .
However , this grat improveen til ods a few weknesses .
On te one hand there would be a great loss of ulture and in some cses the implementation of th educational system might be imossibl , for instance the abrigina people .
Anywa , , those ribs would not even ned or want an eucation or a worl language becase it is their way of if to li in groups together with t nture and disturbing these cltual groups old simpy be unnecessary .
On the oter hand he suggestion of Elish as the world wide soen anuage migt be up against uch criticim ince the United States do not have many supporers verywhee .
Nevertheless , ngish was just a suggetion a othr languages ie panis or hinse cold certainly be used as wll .
Nowaday , more nd mor people are learning how to drive , as drivi on 's own car is , as eveyoe knows , mh more cnvenient hn tking public transport .
The fuur that ls aed r public transport seems to be a bleak oe .
But is it relly the case ?
Is it really tht the nd of public transport is on to om ?
I old an opposite iew ; my answer is " no " , fo re .
Wthou doubt , having our o car provides us wth rea convenience .
Hwever , we ould not overlook the fact that o eveyon cn afford a car .
ome people a argue that we can buy a scod - hand car if we ca n't afor a band new one .
Yes , they are rih in saying so a in ft , any people e secnd - ad a owers .
But ey sem to have forgotten e etr cot incued by maintenanc and repair , and , of couse , buying petrlum .
Th cost of having a car is ence not as cheap as we think if we also take into accunt tse avoidable extra ost .
ndr his crcumstace , sme people ma rather take pulc tranport to save ony for their " dram hose " ather tn buying a car .
Not to mention tat there are oursts in Hong Kog , ho have no choice ut to use ublic transport .
It is cerly se that there is till much room r survival for ubic transport .
Secondly , ee people have cars , they ay al tke public transport .
As we all know , Hong Kong is fous for scarcity of land , hee r no may prkng spae availble , so employees may o be granted an official paking space by ther cmpan are hee y reso to public transport if they want to avoid th fe of uing the parking lot .
Haig scrce la is not the sole problm in og Kong .
Hong Kog is also faos for ts heavy taffic , whch implies t poblem of trffic congesion .
By taking MTR , one an ae all e hasls of wasting precious time being stuc in a traffic jam .
Besides saving time , taking pubi transport can alo help rdue the emission of greenhouse ses .
renhouse gases hae already sed grave tret to huas , e.g. globa armng nd ozone depltion , which raisd people 's enviroental awrness .
eple ae becming mr and moe ware of e imptance of environntal protection and want to ontribute to svin or art .
In this regrd , they may tk public transport instead of drivin eir own car evn if they ha on .
Hence , contar to ay peole perceive , tere should be an increasing dean , i.e. a roy future , for public transport .
From the reaons mentioned above , it is obios that t doomsday of public transport is defitely o something down te lne .
But o abot the future furth fa away ?
aybe .
ike o ancstors would ave ever imgined hat we can now ly in h sy by ane .
Technological avancement is , afer all , always something tat drops us a bombshell , so raid at we can nee prdict how far it can go .
May one day we need no cars , or public transport .
Simply by thinkin of a secifc lcatio , we c go there in a split seco .
Who know ?
Hi Harry
It 's good to know that you 'll be in the sh next aurday hle I 'm aw in Lugo .
There 's not mh ok you have to do on a normal da , u maybe this will be a specia one , becuse of he match between Celta an Ra Marid th is ging to be celebrated alf a kilometre ay .
Fir , you need to nw how to open the establishen .
I aed for my igt - hand employee avd to cm erlier du to your arrival .
He 'll be in front of e pla at 8.30 , jus 15 mines ealie than we pen he doors .
The prolem is David 's shift end at 14:00 , so he wo n't be wth you in the evening , wn we usualy lk up at 20:00 .
Once you close it , it would be grea if ou culd et he eys in Davd 's hse , which is in e same blding .
There is aut 14 orers in the sh , divided in 2 groups wh different schedule ach oe .
They have similar slls and productiity , bu , honesly , I prfer working ih he mornig o . I do n't think o 'll have ny problem with both gops .
If thee is any probm th he cash registrer ( vy common , actully ) , you hve a phoe numbe under it of a good technician .
The bil will be assumed by us .
Wrte back soon n let me know if yo have any cncer .
All t best
Alerte
Change frequently creates a great deal of suspicion an mistrust in us .
oweer , it is ne of the most motivaing chalege in u lives .
To start with , it is an essential eatur in o livs .
They are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiene .
For xample , a close relationship or a srious illnes mae us look at t world around us through different eyes , n as they let us grow into more teresting and nicer human beings .
Ee so , cange can be prceived as a distrbing uestion due to he fat tht it prvokes a strong feeln of uncertaint .
Often , dealing th ew situaions oes not lp us to fel comfortable .
Furthermore , we ometmes fe scared to fac new experience a then we cn los a perfct opportuit to imprve ouslves .
In shot , I onside tha change is alays the best wa to develop our persoality to become ettr pepl in any aspect of our lis becaue it represents a major calenge .
It is true tat sometimes it is hard to accept certain chnes but we c alays learn something useful fo the .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
Are u ok ?
I op yu 're grt !
So , let me se .
Yu said that our flight lad at 10.30 am so it 's better if u go to the tain staton nea he airpor .
Wh you get ot of e irprt yo ae to turn iht and wal for ten inutes an then the tatio is igh in font of you , it 's qute simple my friend ! I 've jut looked he tietable a yu train arrves at 11.04 am .
Your journey lasts abu 40 inues and you have to get off at th station called Brighton and I will be there !
Gt it ?
Oh , the ickt !
It 's aout 6 euro .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
he , yes , t wathe .
It 's ong to be sunny a wr dude !
So , do n't worry and take t - sirs nd shots !
We 're going to ve a gret te ogeter !
KIT and let me know bou your ourne !
S you soon ,
Mh
Nwadays , there 's mor to school than sitting quitl at e desk and saving mathematical eqaions .
Classes r beng hl ch moe inteactve than in h previous years , ad also subjects are supposed to prepae uils r adult life .
In the following ess I wat to discuss the most useful skills which shul be auht in school from an early age on .
Fst of all , it is essential for yung peopl to learn w to take care of theselves , such as knowig hw to cook .
Fast food has become part of eryday lie .
In rdr to pevnt the youner geneation of our societ of consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking casses .
t only is it an adantage for ther health if tey 're able to reat heathy meals , bt also oes it stengthe relationship mon lassmates , as they might help n uport ach othr while rying new dihs .
Moreover , it is a welcom distraction fom te theortical school outin .
Hwever , there 's still a re iortant area to ve a good koledge about - personal inace .
Some families a be ale to afford mny and do n't thn abt t value .
Pasig th attude on to their chilrn , the wo n't be able to ve money fo emergencies n deal with it reasnably , hch is a necessity in order to rvive .
Teachers can take up the role of th arens and giving them a knowledge abot finances and he right ay to ndle it .
To concude , there are a t of things orth onsiering to teach in schoo .
Th wo most useful , in my opinion , are cookin clsses and personal fnnce .
Bot of hm a skills whic hep managing yo li later on , finances in particular .
Jak is a fre lnc .
He us to trave from place to place ollowng t most burning news aond e world .
As a free lane , he has to inet in i ideas , oping tha someone wll like h stories and u he .
To fly in different continnts is nadays as but til exesive .
Terefore , Jake tris to arrange his stas ith one ga in mind : traveling in a comfortable a but saving as mh as possble .
A few mnths ago month he a been spending w weeks in Brussel .
He was following an important Euroean suint on nvirnmental isus .
Bussel , Eurpe 's capial , mae i ta very pleasant .
ae was able to enjoy its multictural nvironmnt ad its great utural initiatives .
He coul easily ove from place to place at very convenient rics .
Access to sevreal publi transport services ( such as underground , bss , tram , etc . )
t i reach his working meetn alas on ime .
He aso had t cnce to know more abou the diverse atmospre characterizing each and every Brsels ' suburb .
Durin iter Brussels mih be quite cod .
However , eros ad bues are equiped with uc a powerl hting systems tt u forget about e cold .
A w eks later , Jake had to trvl to the outh of Ily to follow e ae of immigrants reaching the costs of Europe i s rom Africa and the Middle - East .
He was so excited bot tha tr .
Italy is s parents ' country of origin n it was the fist time fo him to vit Ialy .
He a abl to reach the South by a connecti fligt from Rme .
It was srng , h refct time to go an vii South of Ialy .
Nevertheles , his sta was ot as plasant as he had thought .
Jake 's ain challenge was to me aroud an rach e places he a planned to visit ot for his research and f tourt uroses .
He soon came to realise w sorganised public tranort is in t Sot of Italy .
Its inhabitants mve around exclusivly on heir on cars .
Town are congested by traffic jam , especially uring rush hours .
He was uprised by the or qualiy of t i whn wakig around .
The air was olluted by smog d to e huge number of cars .
Jk could only moe around by using the few expsive taxis available .
Sch experience made Jake realise t considerable impat that a good public transport system hs on pepl 's lie and their rrouding .
In partclar , an effcien ublc transport impacts on :
Stress - it makes yr life easier since yu voi drving in te idle of traffic m
ommunications - it eases ovements from place to place
Environment - it reduces crs on the roads , erefore air is les polluted
ur own and yur community 's pockets ! ?
- acss to public transpor is w chape than taking ce of your on r ; though initill it might look ke a hue disbursment of money from e communiy , in t long term it shw to be the most efficient way to avel !
evill is well known for its stunning monuments .
Although , I have ben struck by its major dras uh as Plza De Espana , Rea lcazr ad El orr del o , is is te relae and socia way of ivin which hs mot impressed me .
Therefore , it ll comes down in this writing to expressing feings abut Seville d its surrondig .
First and foemst , it is dfficult to fel ee emotis hn it cmes to living in a plce without eal social cotct .
Therefore , I miss my close - knit amly and friends .
I 'm having a ery nice time in Svlle though .
In fc , the more I ow abt it rganization and its people , he more I feel at ease in Seville .
It is almost as if I were at home ow .
I must well admit th has n lways been so .
To be hont , I wa ot very attracted by the sprit of the city at the ry beginning of my sty .
In my opiion , evlle w rather isorganzed n t er charming n is citizens rather re .
Consequently , what are he reons of my chae of heart ?
In my iew , getting to kow a cy is qui similar to getting to know peop .
h mor I understand it the more I like it .
Of ours , it ma happen at times tt I dislike wa I discover !
Luckily , this a nt bn the ca so when it coes to Seville .
Ts is atly due to e ft I have picked up a e words whih nable me to interact me esiy wt its citizens .
For exmple , people start to tak ith me when they notc I make efforts to spk in thir lnguage .
There are eve some smiles an laughs , which is very reassuring for someon who is alone broad .
What 's re , eville is brht , coourful nd ivel which cers me up d laxes me .
For instnc , I spent some tim last ngh ting taps on a sml street in a laid - back atmosphere .
I a surrounded by joyful Spaiards w were speaking udly .
Nedlss to say , I greatly enoyed this time as it ma me feel as if I were par of thir life and of h place .
To ma matters eve btte , ther wa some usi layed a few metrs ahead , whch contributed to lvn up e spirit of everyone pesent there .
In addtion to this , I relly like haring tapas ishs with pple , drinking a good fresh " drft ee " and ing for a " taps crawl " with frends as in Switerland eah one gs its own sh wen eaing out and ony go or a " u crawl " .
I am also ee on wandering off at my own pace ad getting st on the inding narrow cobbl sreet as I feel like an adventurer looking for e treasures .
Some of these ar striki selded places uh hurches or Moorish - styled houses .
Thus , scouring Sville is like rwinding the tme and being propelled in te pat .
On acount of a this , it is es to understad wh my perception of Seville has sigificntly changed ver time .
As f as I 'm concern , the ity is no onger a museu displaying sumptuos and ostentatious monuments .
It turns t to be now a vry welcoming and relaxing ace where warm - earted people live and where I greatly njoy spenig some tie .
AT AN AMAZING COINCIENCE !
Hav you er witnessed the collapse of a myth and the birth of a new ta at the same tim ?
his er , in Ial , for the first me in more than 200 years , it hapened a weird coincidence : the political leader Silvio Beruscni a th singer Liabue mrke their caeers on te ame day .
On the oe and , Berlusconi compromised his positin we sm journalist old the ord some wretappings of his wih wuld compromise his future poitial career ; on he ohe , Luciano Ligabue won the awr fr h et ong of e ear , bringing his carer ever forward .
Unbelevable as it m em , this is rell a bizarre coinciden .
De Jo ,
It 's great to e om news frm o .
What a luck a you are to have a year fe !
If I had also a year ee , I wou nl prefer tavellig ot working .
Swtzerland is rell a great ace r travelling . Yo should lan two ifferen prios to visit sitseeing places , ne in sumer an the oer one in winter .
mous sightseeing lces are really diffeet during winter ad summer .
If you decide to ground in Genea , I suggest you to vist irst the north of Switzerland rm h west to he st an thn the south of Switzerland from t east to te west .
Switrland is a mal coutr also ak your time and spend enouh te in eac place .
Conernig or inuiry on woring in my countr , it 's really difficult to g an authorisation to work , especially f periods loner hn a week .
Therfor , I suggest you to wo dring your ravellig time .
For instance if you plan to ta more than one wk in erma in Wallis , hink to try to id a lac wre u could hel in a restauran or a sho .
But if you prefer to rk uring a full three - month piod , you shoud a your employer a work ermi .
In any case , do n't hesitate to vsit me and my family in Lausane .
I lo forward to seing yu during your trip .
eter loed at his wtc and kne that he a to do sometng immeditly .
Twenty minutes ad passed , t Sarh was still inside the oue .
He started to bite hs nls , restless .
Se sid ha she would go out in five mintes .
What if she was in trouble ?
What if the own of th ouse s caught her ?
Fe more mites went by , n he decid to get ito the bungalow .
He clibd te tre cumsily an managed to enter through h op winow .
It s a dark night , so he cou barely se .
-hre is no ned or o to cli through the window , like a thf - said a sft vice .
h shock made Peter gasp .
Befre im there was a tall , drk won in black .
He ad n't seen her wn he had gone into the oo .
is eyes we adjusted to e dakness no , so he oul recognize her .
--Tris .
Tris ' mile became bger .
-It has been a long time , Peter .
May I ak o why ou r reakng into my house instead of knocking at e door ?
w ude of ou !
There w no anger in her voce , but amusent and something else at eer coul t distinguish .
-Whee is Srh ?
She mu be here .
Tris 's smile faded way .
- Yo e the ol person that came here in te lat five hours , Peer .
Unless ...
Th silence that followed he words was oppressive .
ey both knw wa wld appen if ris 's husband found ut a stager in his ose .
- I must find er befor he dos it .
Peae , help me find her .
S could be in dnger .
Ts sighed .
--Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not gn na face my hsband gai .
Ths me , you are on your n .
Fist of al , the publc transport is obsolete .
ae a look at th highways na h bg cits .
They a full of cars ech a eery d .
If there were a fuue for public transport , tat ould n't happen .
Taelling by cr giv you idependence .
You ae not ie to th timetble of the public transprt .
Yu can choose hen yo would like to go .
Yo can as hooe where y wol like to go .
Finally u can hoose who wol tave with yo .
Those e gat advantaes everyone can see .
Right now we have a problem : h oil reerves re depltng .
That is gng to happen sooner rathr an late .
It could seem to pin towards puic traport , neverteess it will psh r travelling even furher .
The reasn is that , once we r fee from our oil hckles , we ll sy faewel to most of i problems .
Ther ll be no mor greenhouse gsse , o can forget abt scalating gas pices d , finally , you wl not rmember air pollution .
Last u not leas , we are entering a digital era .
Computers d smartphones are becoming moe prominent in our lives .
hy woul I travel to a meetng in a diferent cty when I cn meet through Skype ?
I can not fn the eaon .
It 's a ast of time d ohe rsourcs .
In summary , te public tranpot is dyig .
We ned to emace h advnes of technogy ad we wil be fre of those teribl experiences .
I eno wthing sap opers on TV d he bes n r me is EastEnders .
This TV seri is mainly based on worng clas people and rpresens various thnic minority communities incluin African and Asian Muslims .
This hw is articuarly good as it represents how peple ro different ethnic backgrounds can engage wth ch thr .
It sws that ethnic inority pole can inegrate with the mjority Caucsian peole without losing their cultural and tradiionl valus .
In adtion , it provides an opportunity o peple ro differen bckgrounds to peep into t cultue and traditions of ritis people .
Although this soap inlves a lot of chting nd ploting between characters , it also shs t importance of family alues . I would defiiely recmmend ths drama serl to oter people .
It is important to ai awareness about different societies due to the fact tat Britain is bcoming such a multicultural society .
To travel roun the world hs always ben my deam since I was a little y .
However , wha is he best ans of trnsporttion to se he world or yurself ?
As a as I am cocrned , I ould refer to travl by boat .
A couple of god reaos are behind my choice .
First , to travel by ot is a very relaxing d cafree expriene , compared to being conined to a ver narrw and liited ltte space on th ea of a plane .
ecnd , people on the boats are granted the opportunity to see bautifu ocen les , while taking a lane oes n't provide this luur to ak a oo at t birds in the sky for plaes a travelling at su a high speed .
Third , when it coms to travel , what really mttrs is not yr destinain .
Fro my persective , it is the proces at is more vauale .
Therefore , I would choos to lengten the proces of travelling , and a comfortble voyage on the sea would cerainly becoe my fist choice , since it gurantees a long nd plasan taelling eperence .
I am writing to complain bout te suggested bar on smoking in ulic ras .
I wrk in Café Ni , a wel - own restaurant , popular wh vitors in he centre of town .
I am very cncernd about this proposal , for a nume of reasons .
Frtly , I do not unestand why th is being impementd so quckly and w there a been no discussion - there is no time fo ayne to feel comfortable with the iea .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars a rstaurnts - such an idea is comletey unworkble .
To upport my argument againt this poposal I would ik to expln what happened hn the authorities tempted to introduce a n on smoking in my home own .
It was unucessful , and the politicians h to evers hei decision .
In the ist place , w pepe did now about tis lw , and , of course , ot busins opposd the idea .
A non - mokig policy as introduced by some restaunts ; the consequences ere teribl : a lge number of thi customers vanished .
If is happen in café Noir , proably I could os my ob .
In my opinion , introducig speifi non - smoking areas in ths type of establisments col be an excellent idea .
This wud ppear to be a better solution .
Da Mrgaret ,
Fitly , thank you for anwerig nd do n't worry aout t delayed reply !
Seconl , I 'd lke to tell you some things bou myself as el .
It 's o easy fo me to talk about msef , but I 'll ive my est .
I 've ee living in Augsburg fo narly o yas now and am stuying B.A. nglistik a eonoics .
Before moving to Augsug , I stuied biology for two semestes in Erlangen , bt so notice that it w n't th right subect of study for me .
So I sitched and I 'm hay to s tha it was h right decison !
Bology is still a hobby of ine , but I 've aways been good with langage and so I 'm doing now something I 'm naturally god at .
I c spak Engish and of corse German - and becae my grandprets e from Korea , a little Korea , too .
I am th ony grandchild that ca n't spek Korean proerly because I rw up in Bavaria n not in N , b they taught me to ok .
It started when I was a litl chi , a it 's what I do .
When I 'm stressed or trying to pstpone things like studing or clening the flt , I cook .
harng my flat with two boys is amusng most of the ti , ut hen it 's bot cleaning … oh my !
The gd thig is : t re of te tie living with boys is as unomplicated as it gets .
d we 're a pretty good ea because a of my cooig le to many evenings ent toether in ur kitchen .
My othr big hobby is travelling .
I 've bee to Jamaica , Moocc , th Maldives and Curacao .
lso I isite te US multiple times : I traveled te west coast fm San Deo to San Francio , I 've en to as Vegas , Chicago and Boson .
In ess than tw weks , I 'm ging to f to N York City .
I 'm so excted !
So , nw you hv a rouh sumay of me .
I 'm looking forward to working ith yo and ih u all te best unti then !
See you soo ,
Sarah
Dar Sir / Mam ,
I am writing in resonse to yu advrtisemet in a magazine .
I would like to aply fr a vacancy as a Camp Assistan .
I am a 23-year - o stden in a Sports ciene dgre , so I am itrested in sports .
Bsides , I am open - minded , eay gig and riendly .
I hve experience in hilden Summer camps and cently I attendd a Frs Ai coure , so I coud de with a diicult stuation .
I am a native speaker of Spnsh nd I ave assed the First Certifiate exam of Cambdge , so my Englih evel is que good .
Furthermore , I speak a ltle French .
I have no problem in being hired o three months because I do ot go to the university in Sumer .
o will find attached wo references written by te two drectrs of the cams where I have woke .
Y could k them about me an hy would swer ou immeiately .
I lk forwad to receivig or reply .
Yur faithfully ,
Areli Bonilla
There is no sport like football .
It is an ativity hat equires many ople , which imprves our ocia kills an yor oerll bilit to manag a group .
It deman physical effor , beng an excellent wy to keep f .
It involves an moral virtues , which makes football one of the best activites for teenagrs .
Sarting wit e social skills , it is obious tht a footbll mach is a dspute , a game we invole in with te intention to w .
This ki of action , hen peformed coletively , requires coordention of efforts and abitity to work ogether , o ualities th re frequently forgotten in our individulistic world .
If y play footbal , o know w to at when in a team .
Moreover , footbal is a physicl am .
Unlke cess or bridge , footll makes u leap , run , kick .
In times of scalaors a as , it is refreshing to fnd an actvity that involves ovement , veloci and strent .
d if you do decie to tae it seriously , th sport ll ut you trogh workouts an sustained pracices that e goig to me yu eall f .
Fialy , fooball involves relationships in moments of tenion , n this is the natural context for virtues like jtice , courage and hosty .
In fact , it ca be argued at the huan virtues a a by - pouct of conflict and fght ; ht they ar hat traces of chaater that we knowledge as mportnt o everybody engagd in a cometitio , be it o a trophy or for a countr .
It is a spor tat develops no only he body , but al the mind and the heart .
If o want to try it , o should ind a club near ou .
It is easy , ecaue football is one of the os popular sport in the western rld .
In a lb yo ill find profesional advice and as as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
In ac , if otball a a dwnside , it is this , the ct tht yo need tenty - w people to set a math .
Bu , proide that , you wll hav e of the bet ninety inutes of your entire ife .
De Hirin Manger ,
I have read ou cll for marketing professionals on yur corporate website .
Peae , find my CV and Letters of Reference atached .
Havi grdated ro UCL in 016 as an IT - based mrketing commnication professional , wih a focus on Business English , I cud be a grea asset to your copay .
uing my stdes I dubled the cversion rae of a London based hotel 's websi , and iproved the efectivenes of tir e - mail campign by 150% .
I di so by clearly outlinin principles , which proved to work with their argt audience an an eep using as a guide .
I ave been volunteering in various similar prects .
u can fd a list of these , with my achievements in my CV .
I have en following your marketg activities , n I have a nmbe of nw , creaive ways on my agenda , I oul iprve you ban imag as part of your tem .
I would be xcited to tll ou about my pan in eail in a ftre nteview .
Yours sincrely ,
Sand Erzsi
I ave a stron belief that being multilngual is ssential for workin in th financia industry and Mandarin is an iportan angage for working in Asia - Paifi countries .
To fther improv my Chinese , I enolld o h Post - ntermediate Mandarin class durg my undergraduate sudy , in which I achieved a First - Class reut .
Beyond my cdemic disciplines , I av consistenty taen up some actve roles at uniersity and outide schoo to furhe evelo my interpersonal ad ledersip skills .
I was trained as a ASS ( Peer Assise Study Session ) leader for econometrics to provde some academic support to some youner students at my final year of tudy at Mnchster .
I atened trnings n workshops to earn about the sill to be a good facilitato efoe the stt of e academic year .
The rguar meetngs wih my group of udents to iscuss their questions on econometrics ave deveope my emthy which is a crucial skill of bing a leader .
Besides , I have underake an internship at t BC Risk in ode to gain an isight nto e bnkig industry and learn how to wok with my peers in a business nvironment .
I have gaind a etter understanding of te role credit risk pys in the ful picture of bankn operations .
A Rel Vacation and A Dream Vation
To me , a vacation is a specific trp or journey for recreation or tourism .
And I usually pend my cation with my family uing school reak .
However , there a tw ins of acatin , a rea vacatin and a rea acation .
One summer vacation , I went on a tip to ais with my famil .
It was a 10-y ip .
And we ad booked l our hels in advanc .
It seme to be a dream vaaton .
ut it turned out to be totally different when I arrived tre .
It ws in th afternoon when we arrivd .
hen I walked o the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
Te stret , the fés d the people ored a beautiful pictur .
At night , I expected to av a roantic French iner at a osh restaurant .
But no , instead of sitting in a resturant , my m ook us to a supermrket to get se sandwiches f dinner .
In t next following das , we mostly had brea and sandwiches for our meals .
d we d oly ter when we were thirsty .
ring tese 10 days , we walked a lot inste of catching a b , ecause it saved mony to .
t it made my es sore eery niht .
Tis is kind of h al vacation r me .
Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't eny my vacation in a roantic w due to the lo budgets we had .
To me , a dream cation is like gig to a beutiful island lke Palau , whe I can enjoy the sunshine d the sa .
And I oul lik to go there with my boyfried .
When I am there , I ould strt my ay by calling roo servic for a wonderful breakfst in b .
Afer , I ould hd to the sandy bec ad relax in the su , eeling the breeze .
As he day goe on , I would alo go swimming in the deep le sea , go norkelin or just l on he beach .
Lyin on he beac is very relaxing an it is e perfect thi to do on vacation .
Oe the su goes down , I wuld t the bars to have so drins and enjoy he nightlife .
Ad I would aays have my meals at some luxurious restaurants .
is is the kind of rea vacton I want so bad .
Vacations hould be relaing , not tring .
her a always the dfferences betwen a real vacation n a dam vaction .
And it is al on account of the bdgets we ve .
Onc I ae enough money , I ll have my ream vacatos ce tr .
From now on , I will ve my moey to tun all my vacations nto my dram vacations .
Wen I finihed th high school , I trted working as accounan in my father 's carpntr .
He produces doors an windows on wood .
At the begnning it was realy difficult to me because I as a little hy with cutomes and I was n't used to woking among noisy machinery n shouting workers , ut aftr a while ie I learned to gnore all of th !
Very soo I realized that his j was n't or me .
I was working in a very small conry and my ofice w isoate , so I did n't hav any contct wit other popl and my j started to get brng .
It tok me 12 yrs to get the courage to uit because it was my family compay an I fel rlly orr , but I ha to grw up d improve my rofessonal skills , so I egan to look f a ew job .
Whe I received an email from a copny bed in the centre of Milan , I wa reay excited !
My father was happ bease it ws a grea opportuty and understood tat it a ht I 've been dreaming fr a long time .
Fv years ae asse d I 'm still working or this company which h gve me a l ad I 've been larnin ma thins abou accounting .
In fc I am administrative manager ad I fel relly rod of myself .
I et lts of pople ever ay and I have the chance to lk to smart pele .
Last but t least I 'm a great fashion expert because I wo ear te shopping streets !
Dear i / mdam ,
I wod like to apply or h j hich incldes workin in smer cas all over te USA .
I would lov to be t person to rgaise and do l ins of activtes .
My name is Ay eews , I am 16 years old , I lie in The Netherlands at he mont an I am real planning on gong to th U in h future , so ths would difinitely be a great xperiece o me especially for my Englis and bein away fr home .
Until nx mmer I ll still be in school ut hopeflly I will graduate so I can go to colege aterards .
I love to work th cilden nd that is also why this job would be perfect fo me .
Often after school I babysit my parents friends ' children n I usally really ike it ! I am also a ery athletic eron so I would not mn enertaining the chiren f a ongr perod of tie and ls don some pysica exercises .
Besie ha , I also really enoy ooking with my o at home so workg in the kichens would nt be a problem at a .
Oce I ookd a Christmas dine for me ad my whole family and urpriingly everyone enjoye it which definitely cam as a surrised to me !
I ope to hea fom you so !
Kind regards ,
l Meeuws
Ter h never been a bigger rce for change tn technoloy , it changes abslutely everytng aou te y we live , ven the wy we alk wih ah ther .
spite h re of social medi , he idea of community has hanged radically , bause people are sharing nterests eveywhere on e plane .
Scial Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Yotue and blogs illustae surely hat te definition or repecussio of digital technolgis is created through e forms in whic they are or and e soal reltons a associatios ha epan arund th .
hi eay will discuss t mplcations of social media or evryday life , emphasizing t problems whi arose wih he use of Facebook d Twitter .
Finally it wil look into pssible futue implications of this kind of technoogy .
Social ntwoks websts can be explained as a w uefulness tha adit popl to create a ubli or se - public pofil , arange a list of other conact whic is possible to share cnnectin a oo and cross their list of connections d those ad by ohes within e system .
Namen nd Kinnison ( 2012 ) indcates that " te three types of social neractions tat social neworking nable includ ( 1 ) creaction of an onlne identity , ( 2 ) establishent of relationships etween use , ad ( 3 ) development of layered communities defie by h lists of connections each user establishes " .
Oe of the most popular scal newrking wsites is Facebook .
Aother rapidly expanding social networking is Twitter .
Thee kns of websites allows pple to interact with others precsely by smartphones or ompters .
By Twitter , users post opinions or commnts narrow to 40 characters .
On h other hand , on Facboo people can hae pictur , vídeo and toughts without restrictions .
As a resul of an appropriat u of social networking tls in edction , Javanvic , hiong d Weise ( 02 ) demonstrate that stuets adopt Faceook t epcially for scialiing but also for acadeic purposes , lke to otain beneft or their studies or to recoer time in discovering leaning esoures ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , om departments of poli in the UA usd Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony ith the expectacy to identi the suspects nd their ollowrs were t to y something abut e incident in return to the publication .
Additionally , a politician from Philadepha , USA was elcted after ae advantage of his Twiter account appropritel uring his campaign .
My ost mmorale learning eperiene to date was my marrae .
My ex - husband tght me not to be involed it some kind of eole by analyzing his behavior bfore commiment .
uring ur datng he ws very charng d atentie .
We discussed about some exist ideas that I do n't agree th what the sciet demands on peole d I ntced a little sexism of i , but I a ine with tht ecase That ca happen , but due to my rofssion he coul n't be like tat for so long becas I was in a mn 's oes .
He was very jealous but I thought it old fade away wit time and with the gining of the trust bt it d not and ended up making me sick by t time paed .
I learned tht a man de anythin to conquer a woman , he even oes a lot of hateul ings o him such as going to r hom every night to st tgether or to hang out , hile later you ind out tat he has gng to places eept hi house .
I learned a man says anything just to sut you up and not discuss jus to have some lve moments .
He dos ot end an argument and give a psitin to unerstand your pint , he this he is right a oe t wt to tink abo it .
I also arned hat men hink in a different way from h women during e a .
For exmple , while women think out ilions things lk what they want to do or have to do dring the ay , whl e jus do to thn aout anything and ca be lik that for hurs , just wit a blank ind .
Bu in my opinion this should be an exse to think something hat woen should n't know anything about .
I al learned that is the othe that gives th principles n the directio of a man 's mind , and depending on er he is gig to be a sexist or not , he is goig to ep and be an honor man or not , he is gin to be a good and caing father or o , he is goig to be a rsponsible huan ben or not .
A mothr is vey funamenta and the basi for the me priciple n beliefs .
Woen do o ke their imortance for h utre on their n homs .
They teach te same things over nd over agin nd do o rethink if toe beiefs and actons are really rht to help e worl change a be a btter ord for everyone .
Once uon a ime there was a majestuou kingdom in Engld , surounded by beautil riers , watfalls an mountan .
veyone lived eacefull a harmniously unil n day , at te welcoing ball in onour of th ittle incess , a horedous witch showed up nd cursed the ttle incess named Sophie , wo would die at the age of 16 and nl a ks of re love would save he .
Pricess Sophie ge up , she as so nhapy because she ould n't do anytin , she was condemned to live in a roo of the cate unti somen cud find h cure for her cured .
n ay she figured ou h to escape through a hidden passage , h go to he ton and rn and jump , he d ver litl tng she s n't alud to ice so long .
While she was having sm fun , a handsome boy crsed her and she fal to h grun .
As only a enteman would do , he apologisd an itrodued hiself to h Princess :
- I am so sorry Madam , exuse me f my blnder .
I am Michael .
The pricss ws a little scred of talking to somee he dd n't knw , becase she evr got to alk to anyone before , but still sh nser him with a big smile - Yu are eused , my name is Sophie.- It tul was lo at first sght .
chael aske h to go with i r an ic cream so he could amend is fault .
Sohe acepted and tey started a stong fredship tat through he time beame in more ha just a friendship , tey fall in love fo ac other .
Picess ophie ed to escape so she could mt wit Michael , until one dy , hn se ws just abut to meet Michael to cones him all he tru about wh s really was , a guards discovred her and te King comaned to lock her up in he room .
Mchel w disappoined bause he hough that Prines Sohe id n't love i anyore .
Princess Shie send him a ot of lettrs telling m the truth about her , ad about e csed .
Bu aftr ichael ed the frt letter , d found o that Sohi a a princess , he thogh he s jut a gme for her .
He d n't want to re t ex letters , in which Priness Sohie aid he was the ov of her lfe n ao woe about the curse .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , wen he w ut about to loe the oo he turned back to hs coffee table and aw the leter , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
Michael osed the door d knew at that moment he s ae a mistak .
I believ ta ying that there is no uure for public ansport given that travelling by car is so mh moe convenin , is premature . We ne to consider a lot of factos befoe we n make a judgemet of thi kn .
What happens in future wll be decidd by ha appen now .
We av already head about how polutio is lling our planet earth , grdually .
People are dvied to carpol d travel to rk plae .
Sveal announceents over adi and TV emphasize the ned to u the publc transport system f travelling to save natr .
Yet , not many pay he to h message .
People m hose to ignore e advice now but in future they my no he a choice .
It is only a matter of time bfore we each a tipping point with espct to t liited natul resouces tht we have .
Th we ma ha no hoice but to use pbli transor as mch as we can for tavel .
One of the latst film I have sen is Silvr Linings Playbook , pled by Bradle ooper and Jennifer Lawnce .
It 's a comedy with romantic features and at h same time ry realistic .
Thee are amly prlems , football madness , romantic obsessions and mental llnesse .
T plt is abu a young a ( radly Cooper ) w a jut ben discharged rom a psychiatric hospital and has ovd to his paent home .
He ws accused of mistreating is wi d that is th ason wh tey a ben separated o te lt eight mnths .
he probe is that he has an obsession : he want to get bac with his wife although he ca n't tal to he as e police have frbidden him .
His eighbour is a yng woa ( Jennifer Lawrence ) wo has ben widowed fo 2 year .
e has a turbulent and complicated at .
hey meet by chance and start a ortuous rlationship as frnds .
Interestingly , he find te way to help each othr and nt surprisingly finall they ll in love .
I persally thin tt the film transmit an nteresting view of he psychiatric illnesses and t importance of the amiy in hi tpe of prolems .
I strongly ecommed you to go an s th im .
ntrduction
The aim of this report is to pesen young people 's interests in my country .
It gives informton about heir taste in sic , TV programes and othes .
Music
A revival of roc music has een seen in he ast 10 - 15 years .
So , natually , aout alf of h teengers and young aults pref roc and roll , rd rock and progressive rck to othe genres .
They enjy both local nds ' production nd some forig songs .
About one third of te ret would claim th listen aily to p folk , hereas h rest would be interested in R&B , soul a ja .
Television
Althoug not man young eople lke pending ther re tim watching TV , I believe th some patterns of preference can still be eognized .
Except classis like Friends , popular shs incde How I e ou Mother , T Big Bang an the new HBO alk how st Wee onight . I can a with hg certainty ha raity TV is no ore in with young pele in my country .
loths
Mos teens ten to create hir uniqu stye , often anaing to art a fason of their own .
Designer clothe are nt what they look f anymore .
Conclion
This information can lp th organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music n atering to a variety of tastes .
Hello Srah !
How have yo be ? I 'm writing you ts lette because I think I ound the erfect la fr u .
My frin Peter ecetly told me that he was mving out from is la , so I askd him if he was willing to rent it .
And guss what ...
He sad y .
It 's a hrd flor apartmn rit in the middle of he ciy .
It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large bathroom .
he houe is alreay euipped wt everything ou mgt eed and furnitur so all yo nee to do is pck up your hins and me !
Tell me wat u think about it .
By , ofa
er i or aam ,
I would ie to express my ttal dssatisfacion wt your latest measures .
Y caned the ie of he Janese lessons rom te eveng to th afternoon , when I am actually at wrk .
So if I wnt to com to the esson , I hve to postpone ll my projes to a later time .
Furthermore o wi inceas the cours fee by 15% fro xt month .
I ave to a , I am really upst but these cangs .
In the futue , you do nt provide the Jaanee cous at convenient im .
So yu wll rovide a wrse service for more money from xt monh .
I am very sorry but I can nt accept this !
If ou do not change you policie or give me a personal discount , I il leave your school .
I woul appreciate it if y took these possibilities ino conideratio .
I eect a qick response fro you .
Yours faithfully
Vivi Alberta
Recently I watched a film caled " The ixh Ses " , d I 'd totally ecmmend it to anyone ler th 13 .
Te movi is s in the United States around he 99 's , so we could say the lm is technically modern , though I 'm sure that in se years it il be coniered a classic .
It 's about he story of a litt y that is haund by a big secr , he is isited by ghost .
i mother does n't nw abt this , but sh is worrd bou hm .
So she decides to ae him to a chil psychologist .
The boy sn becomes friends wth th psychologist , and he stted noicng plenty of things but this exceptional boy .
I 'm nt noally keen on trilers , but ths is defintely a must wtch .
e boy 's acting is really something , such a thing hat his acting earned him a nomination for the Acdemy Awards .
I found this moe oh exiting and emocional , ot thumbs up for me !
Fuding proosal
As he secretary of the Enish anguage club i am writing to propose hat our club be gen fundig r the cmng ea .
Outline of the club activity
The lb has many social and cultural pograms .
We reuary organise fim projections nd iscusions around a subec rlated to the film .
We also invite ust eakers and oranis fn events .
Benfis for the stents
Man stdnts gain a great deal om o activities .
r examl , with every flm seen our suents hve the chanc to practie their lanuage and to develop thei own opinion , particularly as we aays he discussions aroud a subject relaed to t ilm .
Also o monthl speakr ar exellnt , for example , last year we invited a well - known ctric , Janet Hewtt , to har ome of her experience on Boadway .
Unfotunlety , oranising this ind of events is cotly an te moey from membership ees is t enough .
Bnefits for the colege
We aso blieve the college beeits from ou Club .
Being found in 1920 by our wel - known lmni , Jon Cartr , th English Language Clu is the ldet club in ur cllege .
The fact that everyne from the commuity cand particiate at our events is helping us to develop a positive reaion between he colee and h commnity .
We hope you will be ablte to take al hisinto account and will ind it possible to help us contiue d improve our clb by fnding us .
In my opinion , shoping is not alays ejoyabl .
What 's more , shopping is lmost always unnoyable .
I jus hate it .
he whole proes is ardous a neve - wrking .
I am a omebdy type .
ery tme , hen somthing compels me to leave my " astle " , I feel under the weather .
Especially , when it comes to go hoping .
It ust winds me up .
Shoppin cenes are lcate in the city centres , so evey rad trip lasts ages ( I lve in a subu ) . Thusly , hen I gt to the mall , I am alredy bent out of shape .
Afterwards h crowd of eole is ramming me , wn I 'm ryig to walk .
The lighting in hop is obnoxious .
My ee istantaneously start to hurt .
I 'm not able to find a nice ger .
Althoh , if I find ometing ute , it wo n't ft .
And the worst thing - te queues .
I hate th wholeheartdy .
At he nd I 'm ivd ad exhausted .
Thank goodnes we live in he inerne e n I can do shopping withou leaving my bed .
1 . e author cmpares Easter to a pgn sprig festival , becus they are associated wih happiess .
The y Ester ad specifically Good Friday is clebrated is raduall deprived of religious cotent .
People do n't ant to to contemplate Chrit 's suferig , but they ant to move dictly to the cheerful part of Easter celebratn , so to Eate Snda .
2 .
According to th author , people " flinch fr consideration of Goo Friay " ue to tre aoos connected ith this ay : el - sacrifice , sfering and ath .
e wa self - sacifice is se as changd enormousy - we no onger ant to sacrifice ourlves , cause it 's unpopula n it is in contradiction with te idea of cosuerism .
Wha is mor , we a becoming different to oer eple 's suffering n that 's why we r n't willing to think about it , even on Goo Fray .
Suffering as well as death is pushed awy from ur rl lfe - we do n't wt to experience them but rathe watch it on differnt kinds of TV shows .
3 . L'real slgan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking ha we are unilling to crifice ourselves .
In a consumptive lifestyle we wan more ad or for ourselve , bt ot fr other peope , because it will equre self - sacrifice .
ete looked at is tch nd knew tt he hd to do something mmediately .
It s a h summe day , everyone s wlkig to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up te laundry or their clothes at the ceannrs , everyne exce Peter .
He wa sweating , looking at people in a confusig way .
" Do n't he know what is happening ? "
Suddenly , Peter stated to u , whl he ra , he loed at his watch , over and over again as if by looking at his watch ie would op .
u this was t e case , time continued to ps by , ever so slowly , mking eter ven ore nervous .
He stpped at a great big building knowing that th fastes ay to gt to e t loo of t bilding was by taking the elevator , bt what if the elevor stopped ?
He deided to tak t stairs and so he di .
He ra up e stairs as at as he coud .
Half way through his joune , he tripped .
To him , it felt as if im ad stopped fo a momen , but time , as time alwa does , ept ging .
Peter smiled or a bri moment as he rememerd his obsesion ih Einstein 's Theory of General Reltivity , he thugh " finally I undestand it " .
He calmly stoo up , ooed at his watch , hen cosed h eys and realized that tere was nothing ese to do .
Nowadays , it is ha for many yung peope to do physical exercie frequently .
It is a well - known fact that smetime they efer watching TV on the sof or paying computer games comfotabl to oin pyical actiitie .
So , it is necssary to fin a soluion in rer to ma yung people keep t in a motivated wa .
Ther can be no dob tha technology sould be a ol to motivate young people .
It is clear that most of them use cmputers a wch television almost every day , but hle the re doig this they re sitting in a comfortable sof .
I fee ry strongl that couter games could be an enjoyable a to do physical eercise whout going u of home .
In the marke , yo can fin a wide rang of comper games or video games to ep fit , su as daning to the rhythm of la hits , playing tenni , oig aerobics , rning ...
Moreover , schools can ay an important le in kds ' fitnes .
It is tu at an young ople do extra activities related to sports lke otball or asketball .
Ahough sm schools offe the hane of doing these , any thrs do t do .
I fimly believe that wee the shols to ofer kd a greater variety of sports , there c be no doubt that th would do mo exercise .
In this way , childr cold do the sport he prefer as a routine .
To sum up , it is important moivating the young people to do physal exeise .
School programmes a techology cld be effctive method to achieve ths oal .
It see to me tt school programmes would make young people be couraged to ke it because in ths a , they do ther fvourite sport in a rouine way .
It all started it jumpn ver the big lac trashcans .
I was 9 years old when it happened for h irt im .
ck in t time , wn I successfully psse th third grade , my paents decided to let me pck the psent that I nt as a reward .
h vey ist thing cae to my mind was a air of inline roller skates ; I used to look o of my window , or sitting on my huse 's dor tep and s my neighbors skating and trying to do som tricks an jumps , an al I wanted a joining them instead of watching tm ejoyin their times .
My parents took me to TOYS R US to get what I antd .
I a to he outdoor toys sction d I piced he kate I lik .
I ried cule of sizes to see which one fits more .
I could ot be mo excted to join my riends .
After tt , I wt back hoe , I put them on , n I ent outside to skt .
I fell ove a hundd times in a few das .
By the time , I got btter , a I started to lear o to do tricks and jump over small iem .
hile katng a a whim f my friends and me in the beginning , I ound yelf in it .
I ew that skating is the tin I want to do or the st of my life , the tig I want to tell people aou whe the ask me what yor favorite thing to do is .
In a cule of years , I beame mch bete and I learned to do many tricks lik sating backwards , the Snk n the Ziga .
I learned how to jum over ay items , sch as chair nd e trashcans ha my neighbrs use to jump over .
Howeer , at was nt nough fr me .
I kept trying to nw mr aou skating .
I entered middle schol ; I mt two friends ho also oe to skate , ohmmed and Khalid .
We decided to go skatig on the next weeend at th ar , which s a de walk path by the sea .
When we met on the weekend , I noticed that ty wre different ; they he different skates , and dfferen methods of skating , hy slid on edges and skated on t par beches .
I realized that hi is what I am loing f , a new additonal ecitement to d to skating .
I had to wi for tw moths to buy a n par of skates , b tis time it is aggresive skates .
When I startd aggressive sking , I d to lear how to blance my weigt using hay two - hel inine skates .
his knd of skating taught me how to tae risks a n to be arid .
After a while , te group xpanded , a we used to go arond h ton , Yan , to searc for gat edges and rails to slide on .
In addition , we md r o kate rails , a we used ome help fo my rend 's brother , who is in fact an Engneer .
Once on a weekend , it wa my last er in middle chol , I was at te prk practicg as usual .
I foud three peop skating , and aan , a nw kind of skes , and new methods .
Their moes wer so smooth ; it a more like a bllt .
I wa impressed .
I introuced myself , and as I thogt , he were isng ro a diferet city .
We discussed dfferent toics , but inly skatng .
e more we get dep it the coersation , he more I wn to lern this tp of skatn .
It turned ot that the were wearing roller hoce skates . "
hse skates are lit , smooth , n perfe for reestye slalom skatng .
" On of them sid .
The words " freestyle " and " sllm " augt my attention .
hy shed me what slalom sktng is .
They started to put small cones in one lie ih a bit of space in between .
They pled some music ad sared to skte with the rhyth . I a urprised , I h mixd feeling , and it wa indescribable .
I kpt staring at the with ide opee moh nd eyes .
The buttrfly feeling in my stomach started to appe .
I ke at at moment that I want to change my style of skating .
However , as t skaters suggested , I bougt a ai of hcky skaes .
I d not have he ability to order t ons onine ba thn , thrfore , I et to IKEA , a bouht sall colored cups an used it as coes .
I en to the same pr .
fer couple of hour of tryin to get used to my n skate , I put the cups on .
I opeed some tutorial vdes on YouTube and sated to practise .
In a short time , I beame so god , and oe of my friends haged rom agrssive to slalom saing jst by seeing me practicing .
My guess is they h the same reacti I h whn I saw the tee skaters .
For me , skating is not ju a srt .
After almost 3 eas of practicing to do tris , to creat a prfect match between my moes an t rhythm of te ng I am playing , a to r to rea e perfetion , I realized that lalm skating is mre like a performing r than a spor .
A frestyle skater h a ake a perfct combo of tricks ta matches t hyhm is an artist .
When I stopped looking fr enthusiasm , fn , ad excitement and trted ryng to flfill my heart , brain , and by 's desires by sting , I knew fr su sating is ot just a por or a bby .
Skating is a liestyle .
Abt one year ago , I movd to Philadelphia , Unite State .
Ulie weathe in my untry , Phladelpha is always rainy , wet , ad loppy .
Tis weather was an obtcle , it a imossble to skate in this condition .
However , I was not ging to gv up on skating that easy .
I ad to find something to ep me going , to flfil th missing part in me .
A friend sggested giving ice skaing a sho , ad r me , everything oth tryig just to be ble to skate ain .
I went to an ce rink , I ented hockey skae , nd I sarted to skate .
I did no imagn that it ould be tha similar to rller skating .
Wa I leared in 10 ars , I had h ability to learn it on ice in oe month .
It was just a mater of balance .
Tay , Afte 10 yes of skating , I wnder someimes what my lf ould be without skating . I believe that skating is a hg prt of me , Mohamed , and I am osiive that if th art a missig , my pt in life would hve anged and I will never be the same erso I am ow .
ngapore could be the place that ou woul ind everytig u ae lookn r .
This place is a hub wre east d wst mee , it has be one of the biggest and busiest port in the old .
Shoping is ver popular among turists .
The mt el - known shopping enre is calle arina y Sands mall , lcated in t sut part of he isln .
If you are lokng f ay luxury brns an extraaganza shoppng experience , this is the right lae .
Vivo city in Harbourfrot and shping reet on Orchard rod re good e y want to buy aything frm mid - rane to h hih - nd oods .
Both plcs e xtrmely crowded with peopl on the weeend , unles yu ejoy ople atching , early rd shopping is highly recommended .
ai ln in Bis hs lots of oca boutique , u cn find unque pieces rom designers from Asa .
Grafiti on te wall an smal ane wys create a punky abint .
This place is also faous f good coffee hps .
Lastly here are sports dedited mals , hih e velocit in Novena , Kalag mall nd Queensway mall .
A riety of selections from diferent brands re available .
Icebreakr
I was urprised wn I ealized I as alking t much .
I 'm , usually , not ood at taling or any oial ings .
heneer I talk with someone I met for e firs time , I ofen mae us fall into awkwad slencs .
But with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm e one wo often breks the ice .
Because I wan i to ta .
I love to listen i talking - I lve his vice .
I try to reall the jks I 've read in books or on Fcebok or blogs d tel i .
I lo his laughter , hi smil , his chukle .
I ca n't sufer een a scond 's momt of u awkward silences .
owever , whe we s in silece , I lo to stare at i , reading his face .
Is he feelg bored ?
Is soethin on his mnd ?
I now it .
He 's frienl .
He aays iles en he 's taling .
I once told a friend , " Y ko ?
He 's ery frindly .
He a me friend easily .
ven if you mee him for t frst tie , his mle can ma o fe comfrtale . " My friend eplied , " s , I ay fe comfortable around him .
We may become friends in seconds .
u I oubt I ca re his face ike u do . "
I alwys wan to be with m , talkig , laughig , sling or smply sitting in silene reading h ac .
I 'm kind of person who used to thnk that every hor h a purpose , w d no time to wate , not even a single hour .
I wa lwas having things to do .
Bu whn I 'm ith him , the ecoe econdary .
He is the most imprtnt to me .
I am happy wh I am ih him .
I do n't want to do anything else .
Jus being with him is enough .
Please , et me folow my heart , at east for t irst time in my lf .
dvertisng is a form of communicain that is usd to infuene an persde consumers to buy products , ervices , idas .
Advertising is most ommony aim at the mnipultion onsumer 's bhavior in a cmmrcial apct .
But at the sa tme advrtisng has many featus in common with a .
Firstly , t is the expression of human creative skills an imagination , typiclly in a visul rm .
d advertising is a combination of sounds , images and wrds .
Lie r it is ntended to evok emotions and felings .
To be successful adverting ofte uses images om popular movie , atch melodies , unusual grapic elemets ad fragments of fmos paintings .
Often peole , h r watching a commecial , do t remember ht details or eleents of other viua art typ they have seen before .
Therefore , advertising succesfully ombines the ypes of art to influence the subconscious and human behavior .
Secondly , art as well as advetising is such a lare pa of our everyday lies .
Someone desgne al things round : a chair , soes , clothes .
It is art .
Art is something that is bth funcinal and aesthetically pleasing to pople 's yes .
oardings nd bllboard , which are a part of the urbn landscape , a rt .
Visu advertising lie pinting uses colo , value , space a le .
Thre ae eements of art .
so it uses balance , contrast , emphais a proportion .
Thee are pinciples of design .
Lastly , advertising ke rt orignated a lg time ago .
Commrcal advertising can be traced as far back as Ancient Greece .
There were posters for enertainment , sma a o businesses , merhnts ue tw crers , paig for events .
With t development of mass media , tlevsion ad Internet advertising has become the strongest fr of comunicatin .
w advertsing is a i part of modern culture .
Advertising has smilarities wit the art d often combnes ohe type of r to be moe succsful .
Adverisig is creative cobinatios of ouds , images an word .
dern tecnologies , e eelopment of ass mia r allowed advrtsing to bome th greatest at ro the 20th century .
Michel got out of bed on the rng sie hat a or , at least , th 's wh he thought when , on his way to work , he wa so oncentrated ooking down at hi mobile phone that he did n't see a woman aproaching hi and hey bo collided .
She was around fit years d and rther unttractive alhouh smartly dressed .
She d n't see Mchael cong either because he a js come o of a Starbuk 's coffee shop right at h ornr an was putting he pse bck into her assiv handbg .
On her left han there wa a lage steaming cup of cofee that land on Michael 's n shirt when he bumped to r .
Oe scnd later , Michael was coverd in ofee , brnt d sticky and is mole phone sren was twinking until it finall turned off with a dying las .
Miael then remembered how he had oerslept tha morig , w he di n't have time to ha brakfast , how he di n't ave ny clean shirt ready and had to wear the w one ta he was keeping or a special ocasin and he blamed that woman or it all .
He ceamed , shotd , waved his hands into the i , swo d insulted tha stange until i rage fade away .
An then he rushed away tring not to be lae for ork .
A cple of hours laer , alred in his office , he receivd a cal .
he new human resources manager h arried a wanted to meet every worker in e comany peronlly .
It wa his turn nw .
He jumped of is char , walked dow the corridor and stopped in front of he HR Manager 's office .
He knockd at the or and when he opened it , he w , sittng there , the ame old ly he had crsed a w hour earlier in e steet .
Michel cosed the dor ad knew at that moment he ad mad a misake .
My aticle is about a css play .
In this arile a teach refltcts on his experiences of creating pays and using them to el motivate student to evelop their English .
It onsist of eight part : Itroductio ; ow to start ; Wriing th ly ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The bi night ; Reason fo doin a ly n A f ial thoughts .
The author says that the pros ar outweigh the con n it is t main idea of the artie .
he fir thing you need to sar with is a dedlin to get everything de by .
Writing the play : first , yo may a learrs to innt profiles and to tel you about thir charaters ; seond , learners can write the aic outlne of t play or yu can aap a familiar story .
hey you should take a decision of chsing roles : start by asking r voluneers ; and always ensure that everyone in th cas s a ole or somethin to do .
Students us lean their lines by het .
h mt effecnve wy is to practis very lesson or ten mnuts at the begining n end .
You c give thm he ly ith gps to read though and inlly get hm to perorm a number of times without a scrpt .
Some larnrs wl n want a spiaking part , you can een s te to be pomters .
Reasons for ong a lay : learners il learn hole chunks of language in a cear context ad they will learn not only their pats .
It gives earner the opportunity to demonstrate differe thei sils at te languae classroom .
Al they can see ho much language th can produe .
In a world of increaing environmental awaeness improved pubc trnsort represents he way of the futue .
Although people do noy the convenienc n privacy of travelling in ther own private vehicles , in my opnon thy may choose public transport if it fulfl certin onitions .
These condition fall ino three boad categories : attitudinal , iancial and logistical .
Frm an attitudinal perspective , people mu fist be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
An educatonal or pulc reations campaign must be launhed to snsitize tho who mht hae disregarded this possibility before .
People shul be familiarized with the enironmentl , socil and persoal beneits r presen and fure generations .
his is ne step .
Fro a financial prsective , pbli ransportatin mst be a ler and vabl eneft to consumers .
In ote words , it must be more affordable han driving to work every da .
Fo example , if pele now that by using b and uway , they c save enough oney to tak a fre oiday ech year , many more inviduals old be persuaded to travel in this way .
hs is aothr crical ste .
ro a logistical perspective , public transportation ould be convenient for commuters .
City planners d transport oficials ust ensure that fequent a reliable public tranportation is availale r each ciizen .
Fo people to make th abt of traveling by bus or subway , they must ko that tey will be able to get to vriou laces on tme .
ransport vehicles must be we mainaine , subway n u drivers should be customer - oriented ad service mu be punctua and efficient .
Tis is an additional importnt ep .
In conclsin , through a uli - pongd approach , it is posible to increase the s of ublic transportation .
iy offiial nd politiins can lead th way by utilizig these fms of transport themslve an brinig abot cang thrugh persona example .
Thn , oe citizens will fllw ui an we may l hoe to live in a cleaner , less pollte environment .
Da Sr / Mdm ,
I am writng to prvide o th some background inforaton so y can better judge my scholarship for e MA in Bsiness Administration ( s attachd form and réué ) .
Regring my acdemic experience , I am currenly competing my degre in Pmary Teaching ad Psycology at t Univerity of Valncia , Spain , were my curet speciality is in msbehvioral children .
So f , I hae recived excellent grades in all sabjucts , nd I am on course to graduate wh distinction at th end of te emeser .
Encoled yo will fnd phocopies of al relvan certificates .
I beliee my greatest strengths lie in my bility to rk well ad an aptitude o tkin on wateve chalnges tht come my a .
For thee reasons , I srngly bleve I am bl to ta on the demands of a fl - me j in your facilities .
My fuure career in teaching wol be greatly enhnce by earnig a degree at your university .
Should my application be successful , I am avilale for inerviw whever it is convenient .
If you reuir a furth details or references , plse do o hesitate to contact me .
I ok oward to hearing frm you .
Yours aithfuly ,
Ima Díaz .
My favoite sport is cylng .
I enjoy his sport becus it llows u to take care of your health by using lmost all yr musles whie o can aso enjoy h scenery nd vii t places yu com across .
Le evey spot , it is also a od w to me people d make some new friends .
You can ride at your own ace ad go increasingly fa .
It mke o see e ra and your enviromen dfferetly .
Furtherore , it is bter r the planet to ride a bike nstad of a c because ycling does n't prouc ny poltion .
hen you start riding a bicycle , ou irt nee to check if your bike fllows he security instructions .
For insanc , ou ed good braes , lights , a bell nd refectie stripes on your wheels or eflectors .
You also ned to know some asic rules such as putting u your a to indicate when you turn ad of cour , you need to know th highway code .
A lot of people ae afra to id a bike in cities because hey far the massive preene of cars and thin the will be crushed .
Indeed , soe lces still ned to imprve t structures r biks : somemes they do n't have a ot of icycle paths .
But if ou lar hw to obtrude in the circuation hie remaiing plte wit the thes , tere is no rason to be afraid .
Lt 's get on our bikes nd discover nw place !
Dear Paul ,
How are things ? I get yor message lt week .
nfrtunately , I did n't have time to answer .
I was stdying a lot and now I 've t some days to rs .
You wrote tht you are inteeted to kw something out the concert I heped orgize .
It w a great experien .
irst of all , I e ay pele rm l ve e wor . I kep in ouc with te all the me .
dring th concert I w rsponible fo ccking tickets .
I ws working ith wo pople an we were to chk two thouand tickts !
After the concert we ha to cla e concert ar as there s a lo of ms arnd !
We were cleaning or 8 hours !
On top of tha , eac of us got wo ticket or the next cocert of the band .
It was fantastic to take a part in that enterprise .
Take care , pe to hea rom u sn
Kinga
I w alne in my bedro and a yng good looking wman entered t rom .
She swiftly came beside my bed an gave me a ltter .
It lood qute simple , I ad no da o could av en me that eter .
When the woan lft , I opened it eagerly and when I read e first sentence my heart soppd .
It was from the most danrous d terifng gang of t vllage .
It said tat I was nw o of them .
I et those os next Friday and hy tl me that I ha to pa th st initiion .
I el extrmely nervous , I was about to commit a crime and my hert was beating uncontollbly , really fs .
I ent into e tiny shp ad the ho kepe looked through me .
" Hi " , he groaned dummng i figes .
" Do u ave i - rams ? " I asked nervously .
The shop keeper dded and pointed at a re fridge at h end of e shop .
" Tnk y " , I mumbled nd wet traight to the fridge .
My hands ee eating and th other boys were waiting outside cstatic .
A seond late a child entere e shop an began to move ound qucly .
He was qui small , about seen year old and he w beaming , smlig rom ear to ear .
I though it ws te perfect moment and at the speed of ight I pt a whoe b of sweets io my od ag .
Silence .
I walked frwars d sared at the hp kper .
I was going to leave when the biter a loud voice of e man surprised me .
" y little bo , wt re you ing ?
He yelled agrily .
My heart nely stopped beating . I turned an noticed tha th man s not seakng to me , but to th cild .
" I do n't know " , he answered confused .
" Where has the swet box gn little thief ?
He rasped and crossed his rm .
" I have n taken anything yet " , h boy whimpered .
" Dear me ! Ho can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismssiely taping i ee .
The y began to mrn .
Afer watching tis , I reurnd to my hue oping h ma forgvs t child .
Feeling horrbl guilt , I fell sleep .
Th w the frs crme I comited nd here I am w , in ail .
A d at he races .
Tis te lead us into th ( fr me unknown ) wld of hrse racng .
In a few senenes we can t an idea of what it is .
d we can find diffent reaso to be intereste in this pe of vents .
I tin that hrse races re a f entertainment if y like one of these three thig : animals , beting n fashio .
If you lie animals you 'll ejoy seeing that beautiful orses runnig d vautng as fas as th an .
If u like to be and o 're t used to doing at hore races , maybe yo 're lookng forward to trying to be on th nose or each wa .
And if you ov ashion and you have the chance to go to Ascot , u may u no te Qen and greet her , a at the same tme enjy the fabulous iw of all those extravagant ats the lais wa .
anwhile you can hve a good time drinking se bubbly .
B you ca also ave a " horrible " day at h rces : if y 're not savvy enugh to kow t differences beween the bets , you can ed up skint , penniless .
And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you an spend a o of money an choose a wro dress to attnd Asco ad perhaps you 'll ae to vie e raes from behind a cutin .
Anyway , if y kw beforehand your os of winning it would n't be so thrilling .
That 's he raison d'êtr of horse acig : lose or win money .
Ad if u ant to admire t wonderul wol of hats , o 'd better by some magazi whre you 'll fnd ll the phto for just 2 €
Hello ,
thanks for h ettr which has jut arived . I 've ra that ou 're writing a term paper on he chances of developing counties to prfit fo e electoic revolution , are you ?
I think I 've some seul iformaion for you .
Because tw days a I 've ad an article , by Nadine Bös , abot hs opic .
e text as about the possibilt to transfer ney with mobile phns in developing cutries .
At first u have to kno that th echnical term for hi is " moble banking " .
Tay it is fac that ter is a trge group f obile ankng : people h are ivig in remot area of the wor .
On te on hand her ae adly ny bnks in tse regions , so te do n't hv accss to bank erices .
But on h ther had the numbe of mobile phones has risn .
So now e most imptant factor is that mobile nes ae eaching the remotest ars in te world .
Through ts many peple wold have access to mobile banking and in addition to that it makes money vailable so it n be used in shops .
According to Hnna Dideck te lgest potential is that migrants o use mobile bankin to send moe ome .
I hope I could hlp you wt this informatio .
Write back son and lt me ow how it oes .
Best wishes
Alexandra
For today 's teeager it is har to iaine life before mobile phones althogh it d exist only some decas ago .
Few technica inventions hae d uc a deep mact on ur daily lie as ti litl thing .
However , there are varis advntages and disadvantages to a mobile phone nd everyon has to dcide for him- or herself in which way to us ths mdum .
First of l , te mobile phon is a great way to " ta conneced " l the time . Chating with your friends , styig inform of the latest nw , rdring olin , etc - u a do l ese things smultaneously , wherev and whenever u wan .
This aspect h also enabld employees to become homworkers as he do not long need to be present in an offce to gt a job done .
Furthermore mobile phones allow last - inute - hnges vry easily .
No ne to mak a fix appointment wit a frnd in advace , as you can lways agre to cll ech othe once evryoe is on the y .
Howver , the biget strength of e mobile phoe is ao e bigest rsk in my opiion : beng conected all the time creates a l of sres for people , as yu are always available for verone .
Therefore you do n't hae ny tme to rlx , which is essential , evn rom your lisue duties .
h sae is valid for usines life : if employes r available all the time , they take the wores of the daily business with he to their home whih mean a lot of stress .
Last but o least , the mile phone enbes worried parents or suspicious parner to tac te chi or the loved oe neay permanently .
This a be seen as lovi worr aou someoe ut so as a si of istrus .
Finll , the moile phoe offers both disadvatages and avantges in daily life .
However , I personally think tt it shod nt be regarde too critially but should ol be handled responsably , accorig to n 's prsonal nees .
I recently sw a film called Passengers .
It 's about 2000 people that wt to go to a new planet to start a new li and their tri was going to take approximately 120 years .
Before the trip started , h compny wo deced to make this rip said that everything was perfectly caclated so that it s posible to have any knd of problem with h spacecraft .
But they wee rng .
The fst 30 year all was going good , ut suddenly omething bad happend .
ne of t cabins broke do ad the person who s inside it waked up .
These u was calle Mak and he was engneer .
nce he realizd ta he was te only person awake he nw soething s wrong ..
He a oing to be alone fr the ne 90 ears .
He could n't continue like tha so he hacked one of h cabs of a woan ta he loved .
he irs 2 years all s perfct uil the day number 73 .
Sh discovered that h dd n't ave any problem with the cbi , it wa ak wo hacked it .
Since the , they never soke again .
It oes ot sem like ear have passe since I firt m her , but it was some ie o indeed .
It as such a hot smme tat it s imssible to turn off t venlator and I ws a bored child with a lapp . I a gned in on the social network Tueni and I liked passing all te tme chatting .
O d , a girl cale Irene talkd to me .
Se told me that she was bored as well nd that she also had two brothers .
She was a very friendly person and soon we wee chating every dy .
Altough we were in the sae schol , we a n't aled before .
It was nearl ugust wh we deided to meet .
I was really excite .
ren was taller ha me , brown - eyed n dak - haired .
She pked me up to r house .
Ad ha a beutiful hous it wa !
She a a swimming ool , a lttl garden and a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
We tyed thee l the afternoon , talking and aughing lk we had been friends for ages .
I knew it ws t beginning of a grea friendhp .
That o meing made it a ay I will never frget .
uis wa convinced th ts e prject wi be an incredile opportunity for hm to ry n thngs d sud different fields , which he enjoed , he loved to read about cence , inventions , a say up to date with t ews .
But he immediately hought - why ot ntinue oin what I love while I do somthin w?-
Tat 's exactly what he began doing .
He sen an e - ai to the tu omany explaning hi situation and uden intest in this project .
The ompan immediaely replied telling i hat thy were sorr if they d n't rel da arier , u hey could n't since th system crased an i n't allo tm to sen electronic il , just to receve .
They told tat it s alright if he a interested in othr projects , bt he til nedd to ge th sam working pformance .
ey asked him about tis project and what was s ida .
Louis told te that it was relate to an instrument to exple new places .
He dd trust t company , b not ha uh for tm to know everything he thought .
The ompany tld Louis that te did n't want to bother m , ut that ty wre intereted in investing in thi kind of proects , becas it as related to the purpose of the company : eplorin .
But Louis new ha he invention needed to have a grea design tht implemetd portability , that is why he needed to refi his ideas or this project to be ed in an immense typ of useful ay .
e ompan old Loi at they wantd to compromise in his project an hl Louis .
ter , tht same day , Loi wnt cave dvig in the mainland .
He antd to conquest as mu teritoy down the s level as he cou .
He thought that it as a great wy to relax and hink aou ting .
He loved he ide to ecend to he bottom of the sea were his iea would n't be tak awy or heard .
When he was exploring the botto of the sea he ied to grab a ro , bu just when he touched it scatterd into dust , which vanshd in the bulk quanty of watr around him , that 's we he nw the next important thing that h inventon nede to have : resstnce .
There 's a lo of resure in t deep parts of th sea and ha hapned to the rok was the cer poof of it .
lthugh it lso eeded to be fleile it needed to be tugh .
It needed to be his way .
If o , h consmer of ths product will end buried .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to utine actions aen by the authrities of Mińsk Mazowick in he sphere of preserving the evironment .
What happens to te rbbish
The ocl overnent of Mińsk Mazowiecki has recently implented ne laws which concer rubbish segregaion .
It is bigatory for the inabitants to put their different typs of garbage into separa bins .
Although itiens usually obey hoe ruls , in some ases th are completely neglcte .
Hoeve , eople who ae biggr houses nd to compst the organic wste and tat makes up for the isobedient .
The situaion with household iter looks mch bete rather than what happens on the seets of he it .
Wast is thrown on the grnd and vr few people e concerned aout his proble .
own 's actons
As no all inhabitants ae sensitive about the envirnmen , it is h local goernmen 's responsibility to decrease e harmful effets of pole 's actios .
Authoties mae sue tht ubbih bin r placed in mll ditances since this is e mt common reason why peopl thrw litter on te ground .
There are mny workers eployed so hat e waste is picd up .
Not al doe it give jo to eope , ut aso as a good iact on the to 's scenry .
Oe of h most challenging ises in modern cities is trnsportation .
Cities ave een planned to satisfy people 's needs to travel al around te city .
w we can bserve pepl movin around the city using bikes , undergrond , pblic ranspor , a cars .
Althugh there a mn people who uggest ht public trnsport is no loger a suitable otion because cars ae consiered a mr convenint option to trnsport , there are more bnefit using pulic transport than tavelling by car , suh as reduction of traffic , svin money , n decreasing of olluton .
Firsl , a car ould ary ol 5 people at a time .
A bus or an underround gon can carr from 30 to 100 peol at a time .
he refering to cars , we can cosiderably reduce te nuber of ehicle on t streets if we ue puli transport .
The less we use cars , the less taffic we shall e in te road .
econdl , hvig a ar implies different costs to be affoded .
or eample , car reire petrol to function .
If a person constantl us hi / her a , he / sh shall need to a for re erol .
Equally imporant , a car rqires maintennce and it shall be another expense tha the owner s to cver .
Finally , if evey person drives his / her n car , pollution hal considerably increae afeting a conditions .
I w getting rell ord .
I d to tnd beause we wre shifting our house and h just sld almost all of ou uniture on L .
The floor was very dirty and I could not vn go out because al the people wo antd to bu or furniture were stadin near our door .
My mothr sai that it would be rd to go at that time .
I was so annoyed that I coed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
en I opend my ees I sw a beautifu hair with range and green stipes .
It had four red wooden les and it ookd very comfortable indeed .
I immediately sat down and began to fl relxed .
Suenly the chair jerked up an went straight out of th wndow while I a stil siting on it .
It swere beautiully avoiding a tree n landed on he ground as softly as a butterfly .
hn I realized that the char had whees along wh a ' nir & teleport ' button on the armes .
I ight have ressed te nitro button by mistae when I sat dwn .
I presed teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
It actuly took me there !
I had a great time taking a stro thee while peole watchd me wih tei eyebrows raised .
I anted to explore moe about the air but I kw ht I houl go home by em .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Hoe " .
That 's where it oo me .
As on as I reache there t chair disappeared d I landed on the flor with a thum !
My mother came d said , " Ge up !
e floor is so dirty " and sh went .
I uess it is back to norml now so I wil have to ge up gan .
I leaned agait the al and hought about my aventure .
Today we ha a class discussion about taking one year off between leaving scoo and tartin univrsity .
Difeent though came up , but my personal opnin is ht it oud be a wondeul thin .
Takig a year off miht help eple who are uncertain aot hat to do nx to make up their minds , while trying e thins and making new experieces that will be usefu lte on their ivs .
It wud crtinly be couteproductive and a waste of time if the ie wold be spet oing nothng and just passing e te like it were a long vaction , but if it is used to me nw experiences , a year o a chng the future of a person .
It an be a gat opprtunity to travl , eet w cultures and pepl , or it an be a cane to wrk to sav up money for bei ae to affd the cost of the univesity plnned on ttendin .
Or maybe during the year ff sombdy could also decide that hy do n't wa to contnue thir sudies , becaus hey lread fond hat they ant to do or be .
Personally , I would ov to take one ya off , and I tin I would spd it travellng arod Euope .
Se prootion , which is the set of arketing actiities undertaken to boost sales of the prduct or service , a beoe a vital tool for marketng and ts importace s been increasing significantly over th ers .
In spite of some controveries , sles promotion ha already demonstraed a mas of positive ipat on both sellers d buyers .
The m of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales romotin as well as to evalua bth benefits an drawbacks sales promotions provide .
For thi pupose , h presetation wl be divid ito four section .
The fist secton wil sow the definition of les promton as an introduction .
Te secnd part wll provide the a of ses promotion as well as he analys of som y sales promotion techniques in detail .
Then the presentaton wi focus on a specific case tudy------he utlization of Flybuys loa reward program .
Finly , there will be an evluation of ts dvantages ad disadvantages as ll as the present situation .
Dear Sr or Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply for te position of a vluntee in a summer camp in h UA as ritte in t advertisement .
I am curently taking ems for my English dgre in t Ukrine Ntionl Univrsity .
lso I am ae to wr it chldren as I usd to be a utor in the sport summer cap .
What is more , I am qte go at sports , spcially at football , basketbal and tnns .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , eneretc n hardworking prson .
ey y that I am ale to work under pressure .
I am enclosin my CV .
I would be gratefl if you could tll me what sports and evening ctivites I would have to organise .
In additn , could y tell me ha jb in th kitchen I should do ?
Plse be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenience , so do t hesitate to contct me .
I am lokin forward to hearin fom you .
Yos fathfuly ,
Daniel Q.
Dear rader ;
My name is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 years od and I ws bo at Val d'Isr , Ialy , but lst year I moved to Barcelona , in pai .
I 'm the oldest of 4 os .
I 'm studying a degee on Bioechnolog at IQ , hee in Barcelona .
In my fee time I like to meet wh my friend , go sking , listening to se musc d watching films and seie .
Th summer I old like to come to n of your cas around h U .
Why houd y cotact me ?
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experiec takin care of children as I 've een working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now , his winter it will be th third .
I ko how to tet childen a w to make them he fun , something hat would help me to organise ctivites and vens r them .
I 'm so very el - confdnt a independent , as I ive lne , what s make me a vey good ooer .
All of this abilities make me thk I 'm the perfec man for your job .
He to hea from you on ,
In
Wit ay w course , there are some certain expectations e will have .
At te beginning of this coure , as a firt year postgraduate student , I was ambitus for creating a new mechanicl rduct or at leat ar of it at th end of this core by applying knowledge ad sils hat ae provided throughout the ourse .
Eght mnth woking in the indury as an assistant mchaical design engineer gave me the ery basic coept of echanical design .
Befo akin art in his cours , my concept bout mechanical design wa about aplying ether self nwledge or working as a part of a em to design mecanial prodcs tht ar easy to be mnufacturd , durable and financial relile .
My thoghts about mechaicl dign were soewha mtch with he formation ht is proided in the first three weks .
By attendig te fist three lectures , I son realized tha my eneral concept about mechanical dsgn is qite simple as my thoughts about mehanical desg is purely just creting n products .
I recognied ht mchanical design is ot just about reatng mechanical products .
It can be sn in ny aspects ranging fr poducng a maintenance process , improvig performance for a specifc part of the mechanical ystem to creating the whoe new product .
Th is becaue deite haig exprience in industrial esign , I as evr tking part in h design roess om the iitil stage .
Therefore , my knowledge about mechanial design is rather limited .
Bein paced in a project eam workin or Sydney Water about producing a mitenance xcellet stanar , I started to ead th course outline d lecture notes more carefull to fn ot where to start and what I shold do to deliver a good outcome .
The frst thing I ve oticed is the importac of clarifying all t requirements wi the clens .
This was demonstrated during h Poject Introdutios sessio as ll as lectre noes , client intervw task an clien feedback ( which is ort 25 oint in e totl mark ) .
As soo as I t my grop , I iscovere hw far ehnd I am in trms of uin English to demonstrate h ideas and ure th attention from ther grup members .
Hwevr , ths alo is an oppotunit to me up d wk with hm every we , whs English is their first language , to mprov my oral communcation skills and persuasion .
Because in orer to delir a succesful nustry project , I not oy hae to make a good product , t al have to be good at introducing my idea and persading custoers .
Te final considertion is the sef - caliration , which ao is the poin tha I have nevr considered beore in a dein pross .
This is such an essentl activity that llows me to uge my performance , keep pce ith he group and no to be lf behind .
To um up , at the end of eek three , my expetation f this course are to be able to appl my eflecive thinking in ny further deign process , to be ble to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , to be effectiv in verbl ommunication kills and presentation skil .
Lt bu not lea , I oe I n ean to work effectiely ndr any circumstances as a eam meber or a te lade by the ed of his course .
1 ) What are ur education degrees ( ex .
Bachelor Degree in Marktin and Communicain )
Response : My ecation degree is Bahelr of Accountig , ad I have a Mase degree in usiness Administratio ( MBA Executive ) .
2 ) How an yers of experience do u hv in Accounting ?
Response : I 've been in auditing n accounting since I finished my tudie in college , mre an 13 years .
3 ) How many years of exeriene do yo hve in Contollng / Fnane ?
Respone : From ll my experene , I have specifically more than 2 yers of experience as consolidation conrller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my expeience as auditor shared etwen Venezuela n Spain .
4 ) Do you ave experience in international businss ?
av you ored within iternational companies ?
Rsponse : Yes , I have experience in international busines nd I have wred within international copanies , th in Spain d Venezuela .
5 ) How wul ou desribe your Eglih knowledge level on a scae fr 1 to 5 ( 1 - basc ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my English lvl is 4 .
6 ) How would you dscrib yu Exel nowledge level on a scl from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Respnse : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel evl is 4 .
7 ) What e your salary expectations ?
Rspose : I am seeking a slary in te € 4000 range plus benefits .
8) W a you nerested in this position ?
Respose : I 've ed about w ths compan 's grot is on the ri an also how involved it is in the reduction cost of energy ad how to harness he power of modern enery as the world moves further to e 21st cntuy .
I am iteested in this o because I hope to apply my experienc in a positie manner , which will unoubtedy poe my cmpetene a enhae my abilities . I oul be proud to wok f a company wh uch a long history of leadership in the industry .
In today 's world , d to the fact the great comfrt of cars , pulic tnsport is ikely to disappear .
Firsty , is it true tha crs are he ater way of trasport .
After all , tee are many pope wh ca n't afod a car .
In ddition the cr is n of e means most used t only its quickness but al because he ct of publi tansport is increasing evy year .
From my pit of view , many peope e cars we to h awful quality of some buses , trains …
We should also consider he fact tat nowday life is so busy that we ca n't waste our tme takig public transport .
However , cars n case some problems like traic ams nd accidents that old be avoided using pubic trnsport .
To concue , it seems to me hat it is fine to u ars sometimes u whether th quality of publc tranort as betr , h amount of polluion and acciets would decrease .
In recent years , many regions of e worl hav aced an issue aout water scarcity tht y affet their development , especially for those cunties undergoig poverty .
Due to t increasing population of h world , cuntrie are likely to need oe freh wter to irrigte crops to sisfy their popuatio .
herefore , water scarcity may ose a theat to eople 's liin standards .
Th essay wil analyse e prble of water sarcity in ustralia and recmmed some viable alleviation solutions .
It will examine responses icluding e recycling water , the devlpment of technoloy about purifying ocean watr and multnational sharng aout water resources .
Recycln wastewater is an effective metod to solve water scarcity roblem .
Ths is because here is a uge nume of ter usage presenting in pele 's aly life , they just ed to be cllcted to filter wast parts .
However , he use of recyled waer for ail routine is less omon , becaus mny people are epelled by the thought of watr tat comes from or tlets or rans .
For example , those ecycled watr can be utilize to water plants in a gardn , but if he are clear eoug , residents only need to at them to wash dishes or even drink .
Th , staes should make it possile to purify t wastewater to an enough safety lev .
Moeoer , developng latest techlogy but puifyin ocean water can be regarded as a iale aleviation stategy .
As is well kown , about 70 er ct surae of earth is covered by oean water , so ery region surounded by ocean like ustrlia aks the most of ocean watr esoure to reease the presure of fresh wte need .
Although , gvernment e likely to face economic strs initily , which means they have to invest more mony io ugrae technology instead of other field such as education , infrastructure and mical care , this strategy could affect dwelers ' hyical helth nd pmote their living standard .
Sharing diffent water resures with neihbouring countris a be another tategy whi an el to alleviate the prolm of waer carcty .
Countries with abudant resources cn give asistance to nations wth water scacity .
In this wy , those states of droht regions will obtain enough time and tehnical aid to overcome water problems .
Despite over hared wae rources cold lad to olence and even internatioal tension , few countries sufered these pobems .
In conclusion , wtr shortage as presented a challenge to individua life and globa enironment .
Tis eay hs discussed three alleviation strategies wih the potential to reolve he probem of wter scarcity , incldin h use of recced water nd ocean ater nd international aid .
While these approaches re kely to solve the problm partially , the might have a positi imact on water shortage in a ong term .
YUR AVOURTE SPRT !
Y may no have never thought about it t yo ///would///cou///ght/// be able to jmp from a plne if ou nted .
If you ask me y I ejoy my favrite spot so muh , I woul n't hesitateto answer .
Skydiving is gre !
irst of al , he best tng about skyivig is e excitement ad th discharge of adenalin .
Additionally , y imagie just the moment befor the jump .
Wh u are sttin on the pane nx to your instrucr , with yur legs ungig d you arms rosed … It makes an ndescribable impresion on yo .
inaly , ou a around 4000 metrs high a aftr 60 secons of re fall at 2 km / hur , your prachute is opened d you ae flying about 5 minuts until yo land on t floor .
As ou c image , hre a some avices that you hould do///kno if you want to take it up .
I 'm re you wl agee that it can be one of your be experiences if o pay atentin to or instrtor l the time .
Plus , you should wer a swetr or jact to avoid to be cold /// being cold because you are flying on the k , over the clouds .
And oviousy , you ould n't be frai of hights to enjoy skydiving fully .
I ca n't escrib it , you ave to do it !
Nowadays we wtch te rfection of actors all ov te world .
Te range of techniques the use to tike the auience is colossal .
Facial expesson is sid to be mr importat f the film actor , whereas body anguage a oice intonation are paid more attention to in the stage acng .
Besides , camera work , props d special effcts deserve to be caed silve scree features , while staging implies actors to convey thei pla through body movements a energy .
It is evidently ht those ypes of acting are diffrent and he actors should adapt to h conditions the or in in one way or anoter .
But let 's take a cloe ook at wa performance capabilitie they have d mih use urin h acting .
The stage ator is armed with props , costumes and igh as wel as the film actr .
e only prpondeance of ilm cting vrsus sge acing is in camera / editing work d special effects .
But those e jstiied by the presence effect stage actors might render active in omparisn to film actors .
So I wld ay those yes of acting are evn in e snse of external facors .
Regarding ctin tecniques , stag actor do e their bd langages as mch as film acts .
The oly thing tt differ is that il actor a everal taes oppoe to stage actor who has to play perfectly at one das .
nd controlli your ice is alo impotnt for t film ctos , in spt of having the spport of audio operators , they till hv to dal th he same prolem as stage actos tat is keeping yr voie expressios in compiace with th acting , eonate moving , comunicate eoions d feelings of eir mode chracte .
The e pint is that the hle rne of techniqus mks that acng pieces erect .
I would s , it ds n't mate re u prfrming on he stage or in front of e caera , u shul use your facial expressin , ody lnguae , ntonation n timber of vie as if you 're acting as your mn character , emody all their treat and features appropriaely to te sitution .
In othr words , no matr what ki of perormanc it is , the only hing that matters is using all your ailities to model yourslf on our er , get t feel of thir role .
I live in Msow , the capital of the Russian ederation .
There e different types of blic transport tt pepe us in maor cities in my country , includig Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
Furthermore eopl ctively use private tansort such as cars , motrbikes , scootes and bicycls .
Tourists n enonter ith ifficulties such as a traffic m .
Sometimes it is very difficult to come he in rush ou beause of traffic jams .
Bnning cars from h centre of the city solves l these probems .
The ae some disadvantages of banng crs .
or example , it is difficult f ome peopl , including te aged ad invlids , to us public transprt .
I supose tha banning ars from h centres would be a g rblem for em .
This idea as would be upopular bause it imits a frdom of choice .
Soe people believe tha rs should be banned from h centres of all majo cities b I am agans thi idea .
In my ie the best solution to all problems would be limitatin of private tranport in he ntre ut not absolute banning .
Recenty I ad two artcle , they er cale ' prdictig dslexa - even before children larn to read ( Zmmermn , 2014 ) ' and ' nnoative ' Interetion helps babies at ig risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 20 ) ' .
oweve he first article a me motivating to read , ecase h author ubstantiated impoant suggetins .
Al I a y abot the econ aticle is ha it h rarely proof of the intervention .
Firsty , h article ' predicting dyslexia - even bfor chlren larn to rea ' shw a new rsearch , in whch it 's posible to pc up some of the sgs of dyslexia in te brain even before ds learn ow to ead .
In additio , using this identifictin may ssst parents , educatos and clincians to tacle te learig dorder .
Most importantly , hs early intervention can help many kd ih dyslexa to oercoe thr eductional falre .
Secondly , the artcle ' ' Innvative ' Intervention Hep Bies at Hh Rk of Autism ' is basd on a veo - therapy , which improvs he interactin beeen parents and aism - related bbies in a w tt would he develp the children 's communication blities and social engagement .
In my opinion , h findng need to be replicated in ager studs beore other people turn to veo - based theapy as a potnial treatment .
What I c tel rm ts text is ha he researh is an inovatve idea , but needs me attention to improve thi success .
Al in ll , if you want to ead about an effectiv research with vey strong proposals , I recommend readng ' preicting dyslexia - ve efore cilden learn to read ' .
It d been a very long and tiri day , u om lt he had achieved something really od .
m a joined a volunteering team at St. Mihael 's Hospitl d this was his first d .
He wa assigned to a task in t rehabilitation center .
He il dea with temporarily disabled popl wo come f a rhabilitaton session every other day .
Tom 's role was to conduct a ocs grou once e we to exploe te eole 's experience and perception about their illness and te service ien to tem at h rehabilitation ceter .
The ultmate aim is to get a feedback f servce - improvement upose .
o h preard a se of qesions to ask .
He started with a grup of s who signed a consent to participate in h focus group .
He helped em atr the fished their sesso and tok hem to the metig room .
He ten introduced himself and made a cler statment about the objective of t focus rop and assured them ta ther identity wl o be revealed .
He started ih ome joes so that they would ee at ease and diclos their experiences .
In t afternoon , he analyzed he contn a wte a rport wth some recommendations fr achieving patints ' satisfaction .
He felt he hd done a great job trying to srv h disbed atient .
rands - pay more o better ualit ?
We all kow h situation , when we r in supemarkt staing in front of two proucts which re the sam , b one of it costs much mre ha the other .
ee we have brand products d no name products .
w h uestin is , if it is realy justified ha rand poducts ae much more epensive than no name proucts .
Mst people asoiate brand prodcts atomatcally with higher quality or btte tse , while he thik no nam product a jst heap ad without any quality d a bad tse .
In srvey , it was asked if cosumers ould rather b rand roducts or no name products .
Mt of the consumrs said , they would buy brand products .
We they were ask wh , they answered with " becaue it aste bettr " .
After tht th consumers mad a blnd taste tst .
The product wthout brnd tate better to nearly everybody .
As a rsul you cn sa it is not always ustified tha brand products are me exensive thn comparble other ones .
ny t brd n h god marketing makes it that expensive , nt btter quality or better taste .
Te effect of media on people is clearly noticeable he .
A product which eerybody is alking abut and whch is advertisd a lot is automatically considered to be od .
It is lke " Everybdy ha it , I ne it o ! "
In some cases it may be tr that brand prodcs are better than no name , for exaple technology prouts , bu oducts like Red Bull or otrs like that , re deiitely ot always better .
Brand n good qualit are t always the ame .
ere it is sid , try and fin o which is really the better one ad do ot trust on advertisements .
My wie and I g a naty surrse wn we wr heckig in at Vigo airport yeseday with ou baby Pedro .
We a o three free pane tickets to Rome in a cmpetition , nd we we ooing forward to our trp for mths .
u , unfortunately , we ha fogotte to get a psspor fo o son , so Pdro could n't fly .
Lukiy , we had arried very early for r ight , so we stll hd time to do something bot it .
We an to he polic station in he airort to aply r an mergecy passport .
My if went with edr to the photo machine hile I a filling in th form .
The passport as ready in an hour , so we were hurryin to the gate d got on h plane .
Hi !
First of ll , I 'm really happy yo accepted my initaton .
Yu do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's ealy smple , and I 'm helng you making it even more imple by picking o up at e trn staion of my own .
You 'll nd to tae the underground from the airrt to e central tan station .
The unerground it 's in the aipor an it 's very easy to reach because you just have to follow he signs .
You have to ae e trains ing towards the entre of h own an when you are on th train , jum f at he op clled " Stazione ntrale " .
ce you 're in the train tatio , go whee they sll tickets nd by one f iterbo .
e the train an jump ff at the " Viterbo " tp - I will be rght out of he station waiting fr you !
In hi period it 's mostly sunny and wa , but in th evening it ges a little cold ad wid so bring ome jumpers or sweaters ...
I 'm looking forward to seig you !
See o soon !
To do h same thing in t sm plce , peopl should do it in an organised anne .
That 's h I think ta waiting in queus is esential at a lae .
Otherwise , the plc would turn into a ms , especially h crwded plae .
It may ses borig and me astng to at in queues , but it is n't .
Actlly , it is time ving ecase everyone eventually doe wat he was witot wsting time pushing other people .
In addition , emloyees do n't get confused by eceivng seral requess at t same te .
That saes time because thy receive eac request onl on and in an oraised manner .
As , tht make them do tir jbs efficiently .
Also , some pole wud never do what they want without quus .
l peopl an otr weak peope woud n't be ble to uh an fht to t their turn .
Ta wol mke the feel disabled .
Bing crowded in fron of the emplye maes people unomfortable .
First , te would n't have priay because there old be many pple srrouning the one ealig it the employee .
In addition , eveyone old fel rushed to fiish wa he is doing .
In cncluion , eople will do what hey want smoothly ad politely , if they wait patiently in queues .
Hllo ,
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half - italian , half - spanis , evnteen years l girl wih a really cheerful , ergetic and hardworking personalty .
I saw hi advertisement on a e ste and I instantly hough it oul be a really gra experienc r me to improve my Enlish , b also a grt ay to sw how responsible nd caring I am .
I lve children ad it would n't be anoyng for me to take care of a roup of littl monsters ad ganize port a ctivities for he , actually I ink I wou really enjoy it and my day would end up th a ire ile , ut a vey briht smile .
I 've never had any exprence of this kind fore , bu I ha a brother hee years younger ta me nd a little cousin w 's sen yars ld with hm I u to play a lot wh I do n't hae to std .
And , sic it 's a ummr camp n I do n't hav homework to do , I would put all of msel into this b .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to fnd everythg tat oul be challging r me and I usually tr to follow what my mn brings t , so I thi I could om up wit ne ideas for those childre .
I arted cokig when I wa foteen years l , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help rearing sme sweets for children .
They would obvioul be as healthy as possible nd I would be really careful bot those children who have allergies , and try to bke smeting that also them cn a .
I peak English que fluently and I scored 95 oint over 100 at both K a E crtificaion .
Enlsh is also my faorite lanuage since I as a cid , I started tudying it at th ae of three with a really nice teacher named Hel a I continud improvng my Enish watching American mies n TV shows during he past few ars .
So , I hope to be a great candidate fo this job and to ge on boa th o .
Best regards .
hi year could be my last yea ... on Gotland :)
Firstly I started a ew job , it id not turn ut hey a I hoped unfortunaely .
My colleauges r nice b t managent ae terrible an recety I ust stopped talking to thm .
Perhaps it is ot thir flt that this entir oeration is so dysfuntional .
Maybe he are , like mysef , a bi in ov their heads .
But the whle experience brogh a positive surprise : working at e same chool as Nora does is actually retty ic .
While we might talk about o b a bt too uh I do n't think it is ncomfortable to work side by si .
Anyhow . I finally connected with sm people .
I me some rolepayers at Wcon and lo some live olelayers through ee Newok , of these the live roleplay loks promsing .
It is a steampun str nd I am supposed to be part of a ecret ociety tht is trying to stop an eil cult .
It wl be awsom !
Lsly I hope nx year will rig sm stability .
While I do ot wis top contine to work and liv ike this , I am t sure I want to move again .
Moving is aways upsetting and there is a perod of adjustment that is ery stressful .
d a n workplae is difficut to adjus to an thre is no promise that it il be bettr than e last .
u I ca n't imagine in a be as bad or worse then my urrent jo .
A ting I woud miss is e conecions I started foring with othr peopl .
If I move aain I know it would take anher year to find other people at last .
Cnces ar that I wo n't meet a ther people ecase Visy at least has a few ners tha you can hk up it .
I am not ure Vastervik has ht kid of clientl .
So in conlusin I would like to y : e future is unknown .
May I t live in iteresting times .
Michael had awys been a good o : responsible , uiet , always on ime and lways the first of hi class .
But recety he hd strtd to thin tha it was time to change .
The summ that ar a een excepionally warm , and Micae ad found himself wondering if there we betr ways to spend it than prepaing or his niverity ntrance test .
h truth a that he hd n't restd since his graduation day and he was startin to feel tired , bt he also nw ta he could n't afford to fail .
He closed the widow not to ar h laugh and yells of his rieds , playing soccer in the field in fon of his ouse : " I eer liked socc , anya " he kpt telling himelf , bu th more he trie , the hrde it get to foc on his ok .
He felt like a character in a caroon , wit an agl on a shouldr a a devil on te other , givng him pposite pics of advce , d exactly lie such a caracter , he dd n't know w to listen to .
Sudnly he dorbell rng , distracting m rm his inner struggles , and he hea hs Mother openin h or .
" Michael " she called " our friend Tm is here looking o you , oul yo lease om down ? "
He stood up , hesitating o a few econds , ten glance at his book oe gan nd fally got u of his room and said " Please mom , te him I ca n't go t , I hav to study . "
Michael closed the or an new at that moment he had made a mistake .
By a id definition , teachers r e peple who teach yu .
For an people , parents are teaches in r life .
However , are parents the best techers in ur if ?
oe people migt ree with hs staement , but I do not .
I hink he best teacher is a person who s professional nwledge an good teachi skills .
In addition , he best teachers , by ther teachings , r h peope who we mos agree wt and appreate .
Many parents may not satisfy ll of the conditin .
irst of l , fr many parents to have pofessional knowledge or go teachng kill is vry difficult .
ost parents he pecial skils , bt these sklls y not be uitabe for ter chdren .
ompare wi professional teachers , he have specific teaching abilitis .
If parents ant to gt hese bilities , they ed to spend etr time to learn .
Most parents are not willing to do so bause of limed tie .
God teaching skills re bsd on patience , tranin d passion .
Hwever , nt all paets hv tt kind of peronaity and os of them ar cofued or use the wrong wa to teach their chidre .
Prents undobtedly play an important rl in our life .
However , we m t be gatly influenced by teir teachings , but by others ' teachngs .
Because everyone has thei own talents , values , n judgments , we learn moe from those with whom we are a appreciate a e significant inluence fr them .
These pele can be demed as th best teacher in our life , ee if these people perhaps ae o u parents .
Although parens each a lot of things in or lfe , eause they do n't ae profesiona training and we may not agre wt the nd learn mre from em , I hik pents re no the best techers in our le .
PREPARNG HE REVOLTIN IN FANCE
If I could travel bck in time , undoubtedly I 'd choose to tke part in the Fnch evolution .
The reason f my choie is simple and cler : the Frenh reoution was the turning pint in he European odern history and , thanks to i achivemens , people in the twent - first century can enjoy cvil rights suh as freedom of spech , asembly , orship n , e most important one , redom of houht .
It is diffict to think aut Paris witout it Eifel tower ( it was bil several years ater the revolution ) , but I 'm ure it w a gorgeous city as it is owadays .
I fnc t steets crowded by workers and peasants hat hve een called to support t revolution .
Thy eet at midght to isten to he spechs of the leder .
Thy trust in them , a are iling to fight for the freedom , fraternity and solidaiy thy pocaim .
I also magie aristocrats fleeing Paris at heir earliest convenienc , leavig all their epenive drsse nd impressive houses unattended .
They ae frightened by te social movemen , and refer to ok for a aer shelter in the countryside .
But , if I cld be there , I would n't waste my time walkig own h stres or laughing at the ridiculous aristocrats .
I 'd try to meet the por king Lus the sixteenth an his if , Mie Antoinette .
I wold do my best r maing their imprisonment less hard n , above all , I 'd r to convinc h Parliamen no to sentence th to the death penalty .
Becuse no revolution is wothir han a huma lif .
To : eTa3I.Vb0@otail.o
rom : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@w.de
Subject : Conert in ondon
Dear Mark ,
o are you ? I hope u 're ding well .
Thank you very much again f helping me getting t ticket r th concert in London but unfortunately I ae bad news for yo toay .
I was so excted about goig to Lndon an eeng you gain .
u nl until sterday ! My professor told us that or final ex in tis couse would be on July 5th .
As y know I 'm o the et student nd I 've already faile in tis xam twi , so there is ly one more chance d I have to take it this smester .
Otherwise I will be taken of the uiverity registr .
To be honest I g really mad at im ecause I really wanted to go to Lond ad I als already gt tickets f my liht .
You do n't know h ashamed I feel now , n onl or you because yu elped me to get h ticks ( and I can imagine how diffiult it must have en ) but also becaue you av lreay arrnged everything to mae my say in ndon as comortabe and njyable as pssibe .
Do you mybe hav a riend who you would le to go th to the concert sice we ca n't go together ?
I would let you the ticet so at least you have he chnce to njy that event even if it is n't with me .
I 'm sure it wil be lots of fun goig ther !
Otherwise I could sel both tikets and we ca hae a lok if we want to go to the sm concert re in Geany .
The band is t so well known here and e tickt sale hasn't sartd yet .
Soy agai f al those circumstances !
Bst wishes ,
Claudia
I hve bee poving my abilities by overcoming arduous competitions since I chose ths career as a lawyer nd resecher cmplying wih my passin in persuaso and prolm solving .
In 202 , I was anked th amongst 0 candidates comptng for 40 places at the Unverity edera of Paraiba .
Throughout my undrgraduate studies , my pofessonal skills we rcgnized at the internships at t Fdeal our of Law and the most famos fiscal law office in t State .
At this period , I was t intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire Court .
At e law office , I suervsed t ISO 80 procedures .
On h other side , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bcheor of Laws ith Great Honors in 2007 .
I was pacd in he to 10 wih a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bachelor thesis , foundd in Econmic Law , wa unanimously awarded by the Juy th th maxim soe of 10 .
Ts first success as a researcher contrbuted to my interest in goal regulation of trade , at conucs me to this LL and he international busnes trnactions dman .
ince my Law school graduation , any achievements enourage my proessional development .
Fit , upon graduation , I immdiatly joned a highly econized firm , performing a duble role of lal conultnt n sub - managr , when I s only 22 years old .
On te same yar , I succeeded h strenuous Brazili Bar exam with a remarkabl score of 9 t of 10 .
After almost 2 eas wrkig in complex litigation , I had acquired e matrit to urse an intrnational career to wrk ithin and cross - boer contracts .
Therefore , in der to quire the excllence extnt demanded , I peialized in Economc law with a mster 's dege at the Univerity ari 1 Panthéon - Soronne in 009 .
Following my LL graution with aga cum laude in th top fi , I enrolled in a PhD in Interntinal Ecomic L at e niversity Pai 9 Daupie in 010 .
Due to my interest in aw n ecoomics , I developed a multidisciplinary research applying e econmic analysis in contemplatin of illustrating th mtua influence of rules n econom transactions on th lga cetainy of transnational transactions .
I proondly comprehend the theoretical ascertanmet f ths crer , which is th interatinal tre requires ratonal economic decisns th legally bindg consequences .
hereb , new regltory sources re created in reponse to the globalized legal cntext .
In conclusion , as an nternational legal professional , I must be prepared fo lternativ mthds of ipute resolution regarding ross - border transaction , ving the increasingly requirement to lok byond domestic w to fi approriate solutions .
Furthermore , I aleady prooundy understand th iprtance of linguistics in an international sphere d to my experience as a foreign lawe and as a teacher .
Hecefrth , I aim to consolidate my career by mastering the lea responses to the developments shaping international trade tod .
The LLM in Interntional Business Regulation , Litiatio an Arbitraton at Ne rk University is irefutbly h postgraduate pogram that I need to ense the oucome aimed .
Ma has volvd over the yes , sne t invention of the wheel , to pac craft xpedtions .
r specie a acheved eat ings , but epite all t great discoveries , thee is stil on problem we have not been able to suppress , a problem tt has been hautng us sine uemorable imes : racism .
In the 19th century , slavery had ben eradicated om Aerica , b son another rblem originated an took its place .
he movie " e Coor Purple " displays a vriety of situation from Afo - Americn people who suffered bcause of tir skin color , know as acis , which can be defined as the pejudie or disrimination from one ac to another .
In this period of tme , th Caucasian re felt superor to the Afro - Americans , the had the control d they wee in charge of te political and economic activity , wil t Ar- Americans i the hr work ; as shown in th move , most of te n where in carg of the crops .
They did no ave a chance to rceive y kind of ducation at all , it was absoltely foridden , n tha is h te ould not aspire to more importat jobs .
Afo - Americans were comletel segregated , Cacasias found it impossible to lie among tem , that is the main rean why each race had their own churh ad their houses where separated to .
Afro - Aericas were afrd of aising their voices to express thei inconformity ainst th pression ey wre suffein , and to iht to obtai quality was not an optio ecause a sgn of rebelion was cruelly punished .
oreover , women in the Aro - Aerican ciety wer threatened in the mt enigrting ways , en were the undispued auority in e hse .
Woen were in charge of t huehold chores , some of them could get a job as a servant of a Cacasian family .
It makes me fel sad to realze that racism is still a problem from which scity sfers . I wonder , Why do we hav t necessity of feeln superior to her people ?
We are all equal to God 's eyes , nd I believe we l have he same rght of ivng a pceful life based on mutl respect .
It had en a log a rin a ; Tom ad ben wring all y and was very tired and hungr .
He decide to go and have dinnr at a restaurant which a ve near hs offe .
He put hs raincoat on , took s umbrella and hedd to the sret .
He lked rskly to h restauant , and trie to be as hapy as he could .
The restaunt s almost full .
As sul , he decided to sit on e ba and oder some fis a cip .
Te waier , Anthon , knew h and tey tlkd to each othe about ho tei a ad been , whi he srved him t usl be .
Tom ha a frst drink nd looked arun he place .
He suddenly recognized smene , Molly .
Surprise he thought he had n't seen her for a on tim .
Tom ad Molly were classmates at seonary school .
She seemed to be having a drink with a frie at h ar .
She s callg h waiter , ad unexpectedly s m sitting at a ble alone .
he bt sile at ech other , and To went over to her to a hell .
It w an exciting encounter , and they wee bh vry happ to see each other agn .
As they talked tey came to ralze that they had been woking at ofice whc were vr near r alost a year .
They elt really hapy together , a Mlly asked o for a date .
It d been a ve long and irng a , u T felt he had achived somthing really good .
Public transport is more useful n btter than travelling by a .
Many peole woul disagree , ut o future dpends on public trnsort .
Firs of a , r environment is polluted d if we ar deterined to av it we hould definitely sto usi cars .
Since car produe exhaust fumes ich slowly destroy our plnet , we huld start sing ublic trnsport mr ofen .
Although there r man other plluters , such as big idustris , pole should str wih the easiest resolutions .
Athogh mny countries do n ofe a od public transport service , one people get r of car ther will be or money for t improements .
or instanc , Copenagen an Vienna e good exaple or this .
It seems like car are losig he bttl in this se because thee cties propgat the dea ht iding bicyes can lead to better fuure .
As more moe is bng nvested in the infrastructure , people ten to use me bks nd puic transport .
Unfortuately , no many pole re prepared to renunc l th advantages a proides .
Fr example , it is claimed tha it is more convenient to travel by r than s because you can mke reks whnver y an to an ey are or spciou .
Moeover , it is faser to trvel by ar tan by any her pubc transport - anes r an xcepion to ths rule .
In concluson , I thi tat public transport shoul win tis batte .
It is a fight fo the bete and healter utue .
The aforementioned represntative examples of Vinna a Copenhagen rve how ay it an be to eove rs fo o lis , nd I believe that more citis houd flow their amples .
Der college
Aot t task at ou s me to do , unfortunately I do n't have eough knowledge abut IM e .
I am just begining to undrstand the way hings are done hee .
I ndestand that the nw programme hae soe specific reqiites reaed to preservation of analysed ample .
Nevetheess , ll the information tha I send to y is bse on e information ta my colleagues from wet ceistry laboratory and fr microbioogy aborator gave to me .
Of cure that if you hve an suggestions plea tell me .
I ill transmit it to them and we will discus them .
Sppos that we ae a sock ailre sulting from an increaing demad of a particular analysis .
Our inernational supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagen or other gods on tme .
But we have a local supplier that could do it .
Can we negotiate with them ?
What knd of ea can we do with local supplirs ?
I think it is important to have a loa suplier that can he us in particular situation like a stock aiure .
Interntional suppliers take , at least a ee to deive an ode .
Tnk you o his conversain .
e you in a fw days .
It was a cl wite night ad the moon as fighting the clouds for feedom , much like any of us fighting through or lfe nd it 's obstacles .
Micael owever , md a living off his fights , at a yong ae Michae was ataced n mugged in t tree so he sared taking martil arts lsons es he be bullied agn .
Wi his aking hands he oped t box of pills he as holdn the wol tm he ws walking , waing towards i ome , the ple he always felt at ea in . "
The hell ith it !
If the demolition re camp in frot of my lce again tomorrow I 'll jut sho hem the rm ...
" he said taking a pill . "
Bu hn gain what ood is a useless piece of per ? " he paniked , putig the box on e nigh tnd he i n't even understand t pasing of time !
All was ost to dear Mike ad he andred the house aniousy .
til he had calmed enogh to go fd is g , s on est ried , the dog he nd s fiane ' bought before it broke off .
h Labrdr eall tok hm bak to s engaemnt ...
Bore e deah of is dearest na .
He s doing wel despit his a life .
He d on t froen lasagna is mm hd set him a ew da earier .
He eerised ad we for shrt jg in bewen orkuts .
i anxiety caugh up to him every now ad hen but e good doctor had prscibed him a good remedy !
Lost in hi thoughts n unawar of what was going on arund h , he heated e astic b filled wit leftover oo r Baxter .
Sudenly Mihel hard a thud frm his upsais bedroom , Called Baxter nd oo a bat th him upstirs .
Mchel rushe to s bedom ih a fatal mixue of fear and adrnaline in is system , ly to se s ox of pills on the grund a the sound of muffed but heav breatng comng from behid th door .
Micael clse the doo , saw his og gasping for a and knew at that moment he had made a itake .
It is well accepted tha whenever y become a famous person yo lose you privacy .
Bu dos hi mean tha t whole of our ife becomes pubic ?
Whethe they like it or not , right from th beginning l you do eomes attractive r h mob : wh you eat , where you go , ho yo at to , yo possible marriage , your hidays , c .
I agree with the fact tha as soon as your fe is n privae amore , amou eole ae to face jurnalists with a smie thy do ot have .
I men by this tt for sre thre r om days in ich these famous pele a in a t of a mood , te have to visit t doctor , or they ve to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they ha stck thse journalst following ti the door or awaitng them sationd in fot of teir hues .
In these caes , jounalists themselves should realize tt they are aking it to ar and at they should respect tem a bi oe .
The map hows changes ha have taken place in th ow of Eastminster sice 1999 .
Durig this erod , the town has see extensive rowt in residential res d local amenities , and a modernisation of leisre faclilities .
aks in h north - eas and outh - east hae been redued to mke y for lager housig etates th ne in the north dramatcally increasig accommodation in Eastminister .
As well as woodland in h north - west bing remodelled into an aventur par , a ote and golf couse have eplaced a hstori house and gardens in h cente of t town .
south of the rier , an industrial rea hs be construted nt to the exitng railway while resietial stres hav een conerte ito more modr apartment blocs .
ih increasing housing has come a biger hospital nd me shoping faciliies the existing shops eing built on h si of t old school , with a new school opening on t north bank of the river .
Thank or sarin !
I really enjoye reading ou blog out shadowing tudets .
I lk the wy you ave eampes how you fe and how you would change your own lessons .
I live in the Netherlands and at our chol it 's the same .
ur ppis hae to si o any hor a day , ad they find it ad to si still ad to be silet .
I alo think that a lsson went well if he did n't talk and d their work .
However , wh I was redig your article I felt shame due to the act that when every teacher teahes the wa I do it is logical that ou students ca n't be uie ad ca n't it wthou akin a mov .
Morever , whe we as tchers have a tuy day , I e tired myself by siting l y .
ur key takeaway # 3 wa shocking o me , h feeig of being a uisace is dreful .
In my opinion I am ey ptien nd willing to explai dfficut topics over and over agi .
I rall ope my students feel the me , otherwise I ve to change my attiud ! I et paid or being a teacher and ,
as I see it , it is my job to clarify n elp my puils to understand .
Your experience ge me food for thouht especally when you wot tha our pupils re sttin passivy and lisenng durg approximately 90 per nt of their clases .
I am ing to look at my lessns again to se if I a hnge thos lessons and try to ak my pupils active .
I tch at Basisberoeps level and I hve already trted to us oe acivities were they mus ue an Ipad and make pictre or short fims .
For example , my pupil had to learn the differece eween this d hat nd I lt them mae a hot fil about pointing at things in shol saying : ti door , that wnow , his is my techer , ht is a chair .
Hoevr , I find it difficult to s civities every lessn because they are ime consumng .
lthogh the min resn that pevets me rom usin them are my collagues .
I do n't see tem doing activtie , it look as if they are jt oing the lsson n want to use a bo a that is it .
For instance , when I er that another English taher inished Unit 5 and I am stll at Ui 4 I fee incompeently .
It gives me t eling ha most important of teaching is doing all e exercises in th book n ettin l the work done .
Maybe u ndrstand this discepancy between acvate pils an te pressure of t schol boar r the bet tes results .
In other wor , how c we connce school bard ad colleagues that it is bettr r ppis to ean in an atie way ?
Maybe h only one s 'll ever ve .
Sh as alikng arou he city thining about t job she ju lo .
e , she shoud accept this proposition .
Everythig a looking erfect and it was something sh enjoyed noing efoe the acciden took place .
Hr mm would probably want her to srt to live no matter what .
S felt butteflies in er stomach .
She slowly stated to sle .
The s music that was playing in h earones mae r feel ven me confident .
e psse next to the a where her boyfiend was gttng high with me , known to her , boys .
She nted to stop m .
Se elly d .
t then sometng gone wrong and she jst walked awy .
As he did whe h was ut .
He ade her fe bd so hy woul s do n't do te same ?
He did n't ralize th she w goig to eae him f ever .
BU it wa oky .
He nve deservd her .
She was a good person n he wa an assho .
Sh too h us an went to e ffice .
The director was waiting for her .
A she was eady .
Ready to wo .
Redy to ve .
ichael knew he s fading wa , eer consumed by a feeling of apah .
He hardly ew h he ws anymore .
Te dark ouds abe t k , full of life , seemed to mock s little desre to ive .
He oud heard e tunders shouting th rage , a rag he wished he oul feel gan .
He stared at an obect on the bsde table , t ojet ht could free him from this hell like existence .
Thinking about it relived him , made m feel excted about th unknown , th unexpeted , ayb a the quesion vr asked , maybe , finll , they woud be answered .
Coud bliss we fund in ead ?
Had he seen it all ?
Was it the bt pt life could ffer ?
i w nd ? .
A tear stated running don his face as he lked at e couds .
he door was id pen , invtng him to tke t offer .
He leaned over and grabbed the ojet .
He pace a hk ovr the door , tied the bjet to it nd tandig on a chair ut the objec around s nck .
He lokd at the clouds , thy were sil ry , and he for a mont , he saw a tinn fragment of a raino .
Mchael closed th door ad new at that momet he had made a isake .
The memers of my family ae my es frieds
amil is an group of people closely related by blood .
his is easy word to unrstand , u it hides moe thn deinatin says .
Behind ths ord I see my brohe , parents and grandparents and el very rm feling .
I hik h mt important things in th amily are lve a support .
All the pope need these things and e bt giers are fami members because they gie unconditionally .
My family members a h ie expresion their wam feelin ih hugs , kisss a beautfu words .
r example my parents hug me every day .
My mother ake me breakfast eer oring and my brthr rngs me cookies , whe I av a bad mo .
Tese sma thig gives me a o .
lso they always support me no mater what I do or hnk .
The secod imporat hin is that I can ways coun on my family .
Usal friends a fen say " no " or et me down , t my fmly never doe that .
hey a lways reay to hlp me , they never e me down .
Th third very important thing is trus .
My family knows ot of my secets , they kno my ories and joys , they know that I am thinking about tings .
And I like to trust my thoughts an secrets to hem , ecaus I knw that my family is loyal to me , and ter mouths ae closed .
To sum up , I can a that the members of my faly are my st frien .
They fulfill all the function that my friends h , and ty fulfil them ev better .
Nowadays , our environment is really affected by the rea eal of progress hat technology as made in h as entuy .
As a resul , some sources of energy like nulear powr re used fo our dily life .
But , is nuclear ower good or us ?
Let 's begin by considering h arguments in favur .
Huge amounts of eery ar generated by nulear recors .
Moroer , hy nly need a sll quantity of fuel to be produced .
Fosil fuels are r os common eery source , even though , they rodced a terribe ffet on goal warming on account of releasing gases to e atmosphere .
They wo n't last oreer and tis will increase the use of nclea energy .
Just lo at oil , natue takes millions of yer to form it a we have almost ede it .
Let 's turn to te arguments against .
Nuclear powr plants have a ih ik of pollution in as of ccient .
In addition , hey pruce nuclear waste which is a major roblem for the environment and public health .
A hings cosidred , I bliee that renewale enry will be te ost comn energy in t futre as it ds n't damage gobl rming although it is expensve to afford .
No , it is t rational beaus ccoring to te economic theory , u huld spe ou mney on those good hih yld the maxmm tlity per dollar .
MUx / Px must equal MUy / Py .
If x / Px is less than MUy / Py , than it is the consumer 's duty to b more of good Y. If MUy / Py is less thn MUx / Px , han the consumer must us more of good X. When yu rk mr , y c onsume mor , each additional ni yieldig additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the um of our total utility .
Following the tradition of economic reaoing , oe is better .
he may be right bout ht eadmill because there is a ccl in hch consuptin resul fro work wich necessitates further cosumption , but theory would indicae that hs is a positive , sf - perpetuating cycl ecuse increased consumption yields inreaed ulity , therefore maximizing utilit .
The ok says tht the rule to follow is to ry consumption utl t marginal tility for every dollar for one tin that you ae consuming is the sam as the margil utility fr very doar o another thing that you are consuming .
Ms. Luhr 's dissaisfactin from r crent tatu in u society mt come fom e failue to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
For ods , the marginal utlit may tar to be es than it s befre fter a hile , and then we a advised to switch our uing to othe gods .
Ms. uhr ees to find h gods which work for her .
Then se wold n't be talking abot the negative aspects of wr ecause it is wr hch allows her to consume and maximiz er utility .
Her til are at their higest he mr she consumes .
In my view Ms. Luhr is succuming to her emotions rather tan her logic becuse everyone knows tat icreaed wrk yild increased wath and creased uility , d thi is the ultimat al of a ational person who is acting selfishly which is how ecoomists thi popl act .
If Ms. Lhr were rly ing selfish and self - intereste , sh woul obtain grear satisfaction from greater consuptin , b h statement is deyin this tenet of ationalty hich is so importan to eonomc reasoning .
She os n't want more .
She must be irtional .
To : whom it my concern
This reference is for T Blck who is applying fr the positio of social activties ffcer at you Egish Lnguge Colege .
I have knwn To fr mre ha 10 years for bo peonal and profesional eaons .
Wh reference to his wor exeriece , he has wrkd o a multinational company r 5 years .
At that time he wa hadng the Public Relatos Division and he was in charge of a ea of 6 people .
Afer is , he became the Director of the Interntional Trade Cetr based in London ad he wa in charge of al relaionsips with international compnies .
Frm a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationships sill .
Moreover , he is ey wel organised : he is able to manag several difficult ask at e same time , cordiating resources effctivey .
He is a team player and has been apreciated t nly by his tea bu also by l th people he has dealt with .
urthermore , he is vy friedly an ts on el with everye .
He hs very gd knowledge of Spanish , iproved by takng seveal Spansh courses and tays abroad .
De to all he above consideraions , I would highly eommend Tom Black fr his position ; I am sure he is he rht person for your Clege .
He will be able to giv u all the requird support and to coperate wih l the embers of te staf .
Should you need furher inoration , do o hesitate to call me .
Best regards ,
Dear Mr elonov ,
I am writing to apply for he position of PR manger at yur company , as advertised on the website ww.yarkiyop.ru.My task consists in helping yo cmany to reinforc the bran as leader of industry ad to prote it thrugh advertising .
I believe I pssss eugh professional epertie to do the jb ucessfully .
I am extremely interested in prosperity of yr company and distibution of your ods all over th word .
As u will s fo th encoed CV , I hold a master 's degree in the Project Management om h Ruian Presidentil Acadm of Naonal Ecoomy a Pubc Adinistration .
ince then I ae undertaken further pratica training in advertising and marketing communicatins at ocow International Higher usness School(MIRBIS ) .
In addiio to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing an ofice managemnt .
ro 2008 to 21 I was emploed as a PR - maager at Limted Liability omany " Creatic "- aecy on development of create advertising .
Ti wr entailed managig al procses and procedures to ensure ualit outpt of all maerals , cmpigns , progas and quality bad representation through all web , dgial and offlne media .
I had 5 ears of experience of managn , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed copnies:"Barbie","The Chdren 's Word","My Toys".In tse companies I was enged in advertisig of toy .
I trid to understand which toys children liked most of a .
Relying on childen 's tast d interests , I untwisted he firm 's band hroug advertising .
I took prt in mn international markeing products about how to create advertising correctly .
Th is why I think I am an authorty in toys'adverting .
Pir to my work at " e Children 's Wrl " comany , I mad toys by mself nd sld them in the ternet .
As children liked soft toys , I sewe teddy bears .
Mny pople linked n buht my hand - made toys .
It taught me ho to advertise your product , to know ore about children 's interests .
Morevr , I love hildren , that is why I am kind and fiendly peon .
I am creative and convincin and I ca easiy communiate wih other people .
Wht is mo , in my fre tme I enjoy wachng TV - programs , daing , singing , sking and travelln .
I am a native speaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as wel as Rssan .
Nos I am stding German .
Speking different lnguages hls me to ommunicate with popl in an country ithout prblems .
I am aailble or nteview at ny time in the next wo weeks .
I lok forward to eaing from yu .
Yours sncerely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
er Mr. Smith ,
I a he anounement of your chol in the magzine " Seak up ! " and I 'm rting to have more details .
I ork as accontan in a company in Mila , t I would like to he mo oppotunitis and I hink imprving English is really imporat to be more competitive at work .
I 've been learning English for four years d my level is " pper intermediate " , b I tik I lac cnfidence in speaking and I should be ore natural .
I wou be interested in attending a course o on mnh , possibl in Augut .
In this way I would have the chnce to send my holidays in you enjoyable counry nd at te same tim study .
I 'm a sociable peso , so I woud n't have an rblem in a goup , provided at ther are n't Itlins , because in that peri I woul n't ike to tlk in my mother tone at l !
I 'm keen on cuural activities such as thete or cinema .
I 'm t a real athltc person , but someties I enjoy playing voleybll or runig .
I hnk yu in advance and I 'm looking forwar to rading you proposal .
Kind egads .
Roberta
as Ferr is a mnstay of fashion photography sin e le 960s .
T peak of s career a in the early 80-s , after h legendary Kno Tado 's advertising campaign .
Ferer 's cmpaign for Knzo wa one of the os popuar nd it defined hi as a successful photographe .
ans urer as born in Switzelad in 39 .
After studyng ar in Switzerland , he worked as a graphic designer , illustrator an artistic rector in Lndn .
Traces of s previous career are evdnt throughot h wk in s careul compositions ad pecse styling .
In 166 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , ring ich rip he deded to becoe a photographer .
He retuned to London and bgan to comile a portfolio .
17 Feure 's career en up like a rocket .
At the me time he woke for the Prelli caedar in 1974 he also featured shots that appard in Elle , Voue , mero , tc .
More than 30 years a , in he reme deserts of North America , Hns Feure s iven free to ptograph Knzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campig .
Th caeer of a Somali - American fshio model Iman also egn aftr this pionerng shootng .
Tes iages bcame th subject of Feurer 's eponymos ok , lashly ilustratd it 7 phtographs , illutrating s five - deade lo care .
The bo includes Feue 's photographs for e 14 Prell clendr , for Kodak and for fashion magazines su as Vogue Italia , ll Frnce nd Noa .
Weight iftng is iolves th aic d most natural human movements .
Obvisly the weih is the esistance , which wi hp the individual to gan strength nd ss .
Every time I go to te gym I ee lk I have to breaking my limits and place them wth the eelng of success .
Success mak me keep going .
h est advice I can give for a ewbie is to do nt go t gym at all without knowledge .
Every wrongly executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
Tae your tme a mke a plan .
Look up on the nteret w to xcute the exercises ropery .
Eating healthy foods re the other pat of ht sport .
I raer all that a life style .
The w competition lifts in order are t snatch and the clean and jerk .
Each weightlifter receives three attempts in ah , an the combined toal of e ighest w successful lifts detrmnes h oerll result with a bodyweight ctegory .
Bodyweigt categoies are different r omen and men .
A lifte who fails to comlee at least oe succesul sntch and one succssfu clen and jr als fais to total , d terefore receives an " incomplete " entry fr t competion .
The clean and press was once a cometition lit , but as discontinue ue to iffiulties in juding poper form .
Dickes and he rnte iters wrote in very different ways .
Dckns 's style is full of sentimentl realism : he describes realit with a senimentl tone a he mxe comedy and paos .
Converely , the Bronte sisters are influnced by he preceding Romantic work , d their novels cotain thic eleents suc as ghss and t drk ominus atmosphere .
If tir themes are considered , it is immediately clear ta Dickens builds an extraordinary ige of the Victorian society , with a wide rnge of chacters and stores which reveal the conditions of chldren and the poor ; instead the Bront ' novels contain the Byroi heo , a ml figue wt a dark past w nts to find se revenge , as Hatclif in " Wuthering eights " or forgiveness as Mr Rochester in " ane re " .
In contrast with Dicens , the rote sisters deal with love and pychologicall complex women as protagonists .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS O UR ENGLISH COURSE
he am of ths repor is to inform t cmmitte abot te ises of t studes h took prt in t surve th was conducted ls wee in our school .
NEW FACILITIES
Generally speaking , r schl is well equippe .
Hoever , tee e so defficencis ta ould be ixd .
irstly , there is a gea dema amog u students of a comter roo with brdband Internet conecton .
It is well known that this id of failiy help students me t mst of their te while learning English .
Secondly , we e in eed of a conference ro .
hi will be useful to pratise both peakig and listening skills .
Finlly , it is al recomeded to update h oks in th ibrary : mt of them ar qute old and outdated .
ACCOMMODATION
One srprsing outcome from he survey was that studet do o feel comfortable enough in the resiental building .
Not only t beroms r rather small , but also e ty qie cold , bcause of the ac of a heating system .
Thi is a get problem during the winter : almost every stdnt as suffered from illnesses dring that ime of th year .
hee are also numerous complaints in egards to th qulty of the food offered in the canteen .
It will be advisable to change he catering ervice .
CONCLSIN
We il be grateful if any of these pblems wer soled by the cmmttee .
In case u need furer informatin regarding y of these isue , lease cotct us an I wi be glad to respond yu as soon as possible .
er Jo
I 've rea our lett and let me tell you ta I 'm realy sory that thig r not going well lately , especially ecause I know how uch yu njo sprts ad you msi lasses .
But e me tell ou hi , u 're an amazing perso an I ttlly tnk that o ca handle ths n vn mre .
abe if you could just reduce e tie you send it each of your activities , it could wrk u and you would n't need to ro a of te .
Organizatio is h key .
wever if you a sil very stressed , he you might dp one of them , I certainly do n't kno which on you should drop , I think I would drop h musc lessons , because spots a god or you physica and mental ealth , and alo help you to be fit and it 's more iterestig for me ; but maybe a li with the rs an cons of sprts and uic essos cn elp you .
Start asking yourself Which one do you like t mt ?
Wih one do y enjo more ?
Y should totally do h lit ad then he you finish it , yu can send it bc to me , ad we c discuss it .
You now I 'm always re to support you d your decisions .
ut el me , what else hs been going on with yu ?
Ho 's school going ?
Yu d n't mention anything abot yu bst ate this te , and you to guys lway hae a lo of stois to tell .
I hope you can talk abou it in your xt lettr , I relly have a last wit your stoes .
Oh , and pleae give yur mthe a ue hug fo me .
Yours sincerel
Dana
Enviromenal prolem tday are mor worrisome , if we ot do something o our planet , in a f years we wll suffer the consequences .
No time to speculate , it is time to c ad implement all thee masure we know .
Enoug talk , is tm to me a decision : we wan a tter world , or , we wn to e it detroyd in a fe yeas .
We stll have time .
Simle things lk reycling garbage , waling short ditances insed of using cars , not thowing garbag on the srees or oceans , ca mean a considerable chage , because if we a the small ffots of ec of us , e results are traslaed into illons of people .
I recommend implementing a campgn called " No more blah blh blah , it 's time to save t world " , we may ot hve sup powrs d not be " Surman , Iroman , Captin Amrica , Batan , etc . " and we save th plaet fom intergalactic threat but unlike tem , all tgether we an av the planet from an even greater threa , its total destruction ue to pollution a environmental problems that we ourselves hve caused .
Ju as we have the courag to provoke , we ave to hv the orage to do omething to fix , e us bece ha super hero that changed he world and made a change f future generations to have a healthy environment to lie .
Jut hin but ou fure n in you fmly , and he ou se rubbish lyin in the street , remembe that you a beoe the superhero that soedy be satisfied because he id sometng to av h planet .
It 's im to bring the uperero we have inside ; od lk !
Introduction
Te puroe of this rport is to ugget wys which will contribute to increasing e number of forgn learners in te school and to ke recommendations for fuure improvements .
Town 's entertinent
Althogh my ton is not an enormos instrial ceer , people re fscnated by te liure activities provided ere .
Variety of afes an lbs wud ppeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast srvice and the pope attitude to clients .
ey would also enjy our museus and galleies wih c bring the clor to our history n traditions .
Nw tachng approaches
oe sudents wold be atracted en e schol goernment me ome changes in th learning system .
I recommend that a more common eaching methd shoud be o - to - e lessns , namely teacher with ny e student , as th will contribute to inrasing h range of their knowedge and wil be ls beneficial for studens who need ore help in a particular subec .
Ara of facilities
Dissatisfaction with th school euipment is occionally expressed by the students .
Therefore , it is neeed to provde e failities in t classrooms .
Computer - basd learning oud be a grat idea of atracting more foreign tuents ecause at will maximize their techolgical capabilities , so tha more or ill be implemented .
Improvemnts on sialising oporunities
The hool gvernmet should offer mo xta - curicular ctivities , includig organising excursions in te locl area a givig students a chance to choe the shol course which ppals to th he os .
Recommndtions
I would recommend implemnting all the suggestions listed bve because these improvements will increase h number of forein tudets king their accommodation in the ton more pleasant .
Hi Kate ,
Thanks for writing !
It w loely to ar frm y .
Ho ae you doing ?
I hoe you ar well .
u asked me r advc and I thk I ca help you .
Firsty , how mu moey wul yu like to ped ?
I kno plny of amazing English courses b hey a have different prie .
Have yo thught about learing English on th internt ?
It might be a great da because most of them a fre .
I 've see a cople of advertisements on Eglish courses in our to , but they do n't se very usul .
Th might not be a good idea .
However , if yu wt to have a loo at them , they ar t up on the supermarket .
I 've go a usin wh wos as an ngish tache and sh hs an academy right nx to te city oucil .
Sh giv classes from 8 o ' coc in the morning until 7 o ' clock in the vening .
You can hoos the tie and te as you wil li to go and she has fantatic ffers if you do no an to end a huge amount of moy .
I leave you her mobile poe in case o nd it : 681234567 .
Write and tell me how y a gtting on .
Hope to ear from you soon ,
Reyes
Hwever much Ron law , Mosai law , a rabbinical lw impace livs of Jews ling in first - century Israel , many peple who followed th religion of sael livd outside of Palestine and beod the brders of th Roman Empire .
Th , many of these la wuld o hae played a ig rol in their lives .
At t me tim , howve , anyone profesig to be a follower of the G of Isrl would have adere to the n Commandmet .
The T ommandents provide Israel wi th oral raework for mantainin it .
The metaphor is th Bil uses to express this relatinsip is ovenan .
While t metapor come from te sphre of international la , it is wron to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations ward God . . .
.
Israel obedience to commandments was no a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it a a response to love
I lwas go to hve a pizza in a restaurant ar my house . "
La Terrazza " is e classic Neapolit restaurant , hat aks izza and all the eapolitn pecalties , as all h type of ried .
It uses only fresh ingredients om napes th come here evr a .
The pizza has a really soft bs , a lo of tmao aue nd frsh leaves of basil .
T place rmembers the atmophee of the little alleyways of Naples , with pctures of the most aous Neapolitan people on the wll .
ou an sit there and wa for your zza while watching the footbal match or bring yr pizza ho .
The owner Patrizo , is ealy nice n you can often find m t of te restaurn tlking to some guest .
I hik it cod be suitbl fr my clas becaue it has o has and on of the is always sed for i roups of people , like us , the ervie is really rap n in front of t restauant thr 's a beautiful suae whee we a av a drink whle watcing e ypial Neapolitan evening .
Obiously everyone loves pizza , so it 's th perfect lae .
Sme exprts sa that publi transpration is a cucil part of the solution to the developed nions ' ecoomic , ergy , a environmenta challenges , helping to bring a better quality of lie .
In increasing numbers , peole re using public transportation and local communities are expndng public tranport ervies .
Every segment of socety - individuals , famlie , communities , and businesses - benfits frm public transportation .
But , in fa , the car rovides mh better mobility needs , bt in the big ctie as on t contryide .
My of us live in a hurr .
Our daily ie is thoroughly paned , rom th morng to t nih .
We mst keep doing our day - to - day concns at work and at hm , ad , at he sae time , kep holdig our social life and entertainment actiiies .
Moern ie oders our days ad wees in a packed scheulle of activitie : ob , children , housework , fun , free ti ...
We ave to go fast fro n place to anoer , js to be in time or fulfilling net task or activity .
It 's for that we nee to improve u mobility sklls ad privte transport , as a car , allws us to achiev more eficiently u goals .
Public tranport a its dvatages : we an say that a lowe cost , less olluton and moe free time an rest fr don anything lse drin the trip culd be public ransort 's min positive oint .
Bt , on the other hand , tavelling by cr gives us mo comfort an saes time , and it ofer a ier rge of choices of dpature and routes .
Evy d e science and the indutry are developing ew maerils , technologies a lan enrg souces .
As ndstrial n technologica developent progrese , public transport will se passengers n e ue of private cars wil spea anywhe aroun the worl .
ost for Words ?
He u ben studying English for years , but stll ca n't y a word ?
Do yo suddenly lose onfidece wh o have to spak to soeon ?
I ad the same problems , but I 've managed to fnd some was to overcome them .
Frst of ll , adopting a positive atitude is essential .
ou should never be afrai of making a mistake or wry that people wi laugh at ou .
onl then can u reall star to speak .
Most people listen fr t meaing of what you are ryig to a , a do not notie yor mistakes .
Secondly , you shoul ty to get as much speaking ractice as possible .
In class , nswr as many questions as possible , a try to partipate in las discussions .
When y r on holiday , r to make conact with thr English - speakers , and h knows ?
ou mht make som go friends in this wa .
My oblem has aways been vocabulary .
i fid atchig TV programmes in Engih d reading increase my expure to new wods , and help me recycle words I kow in nw contexts .
I hope tha y will fd my suggstions useful .
Do n't wte any mre te !
Get speaking English w !
This is a very comon argument : t tue geis stans t so much th n ot be msunderstod , so if he is not recognized hen he is not a genius .
Bt this is fuly reasonig : it ccpt t idea that a enus is lays recognized on h bsi that in story geniuses hv always bee recognized - which is ot true , or at least is not eonstrable .
hey tak for ranted that historically eniuses ave aways een recognied , but in realty ey are only talki about geniuses that , in ac , hae be recognied .
Thy know nothing of those h ha not ben recognized and that may have been completl erased rom hstory , and herefore ca not be used as an opposite example .
To u up , because t geniuses that we ha decided to recognize as such have ben reognized , the are hat a the niuses re aways recognize : pur self - refential nonsense .
In the 1th century o om , uh as sare Lombroso , eniaity resembles mental illnes .
For Lombroso ecptional peole are indepednt , away from e anlity of life , iolatd , impaient , asocial , oen cosdered crazy .
he time in the university is the mt mportant time in our lives because , we lear lot of hins n it prepres us o our future crer .
Some ay think th it is beer to have casse wth discussion of profsor and udent .Oters may disagre .
The prefr classes wih lecte and alst no discussion .
In my opinin classes ith discusson ae better .
Fit , class with dicussion between professor and student ha an dvantage o he sudent because the lea how to interact with her llow stdnt .
Doubtless , such ineractions ih oter people will help o to broadn yu mind ad learn new thigs .
This wi enrich your pesonlity .
For instance , a year ba I was in nrth Txs university in USA , there s a alth manaement and policy css with alst no cture but th lot of time for open discussions .
In the beginning , I though hi was disavanage but this was ot true .
On on day we spoke out medical treatment cos in dferent counr a one of my frend , ole was from Niria .
Cosequenly , he was abe to te us how the cost of the treatment r les , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody hs access to prmary hlth care .
As a rsul we al know what to be doe so that we an make little changes in e reform to essn he cost of te treatment .
As yo an ee , pe dicusion in th lass are elly impoant sic ty braden ur horizon and help you to understand different nation 's policies .
Seod , pn discussion in the cls hep you to evelop certin skills in order to become an independent thier and speaer .
It is evident that independent peaking a thiking sills ar valube fo your career .
or instance , I s really afraid of seakin in fot of many peol .
oweve , this health management n policy clas with oe discussion as helpful or me insofar as I arned o to pek in frt of other .
In order to get good grades we are frce to participate in discussion .
As a result I ovecom my anxiety n tarted speaking in ront of tos students d I fund ts not difficult as I expected .
Th experiec augh me ha it is eter ti prticpate in a class with oe discussio becase it provide you with speaking ad thiking bilitie which are imperative for your aeer .
All in all thouh some my opos my opinon , it is clear that lasses wit oe discussion a almost no lecture are reerable bcuse interaction wih other student wl broaden your mind nd ou become a better speaer and thinkr .
Tha is why eer niversit soud ofe suh classs .
Dar Mrs Ashy ,
with reerece to or j annoucement I am submitin my applicatin f the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Beig a tudent of conoics in hs town ( expecing to graduate next yea ) I am urrentl searching or a jb at eekeds .
Your job descriptio sounds to be a good ft for my serh since I am ll experienced in ering guests and have a god knowledge of varis kinds of foos .
Last smmr I wokd at h Hito otl for six wee .
My tasks icludd back ofie adinistration n servcs in the hotel 's restarnt .
Bei aned in th ichelin 's guie , his restauan provides moe than 50 dferent dishes .
I lov to ering customers a to dealing wh diferent and complex situations .
Plas find my CV and refrene leers ttached .
Soul u reuie further information , I will be happy to proide them .
ank y f yor time d consideration .
I look orward to your poitive eponse .
Yours sincerey ,
Petra
Dear Alx ,
I 've been waitig fo yo e - il fo two das !
I hope you 're ok , by the wy .
Are yu serious about he new activity center ?
It 's an excellent idea , of course we shoud go , I bet thee are los of thngs to do so we can hav a grea time .
Well , all your suggestions sound good to me , however , I ould pobably hose climbing because not on is it an extreme spot but it is als an excitn activity I would like to try .
Do ou agree wth me ?
If ou refer to do other things instea of this , peas jst tell me !
About Saturday evenig , w do n't we ju ay at home d watch som One Dirctin veos ?
They 're wesme !
I do n't kw if my prents wi be re on Friday , I 'm afrd not , they 've been woing so uch !
Se you on Saturday .
Love ,
Diana
o woke up as a beam of sunlight lanted throuh a rac in the wall of the old cain .
He stared at the clock hanging in the al an frowned .
It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd btte catch up .
By te te he arrved at he rivershore , some of his clleagus were already digging he itch .
Te river s flowing dow wit ret noise , nd its level was lowly rsng up , as it had been happening for th lat few days .
he crops mit be floded vy soon if they dd n't do anting to avoid it .
Everybody was the : e Smiths , ith their three bro - shouldered so ; th Newtons , who ve brought sm of their stallions to ep us reme e earth and the stons ; and th sli guy who lived in t farm in t northern hills of h vlle and who name nobody kne .
They wrked all day log , restlessly , until hey er breathless n their nds we bleeding .
Ten , thy wored a bit ore .
Finally , Tom could hear Matthew houting fo the other side of e fid .
The decided to stop util the next dy , as h d a almost finished .
He gazed at it , a bit rried about the posibiliy of mor aining during the night , but proud of hain put te farm in heter .
It had ben a vey long a tirn day , t o felt he had acievd someting really od .
We uan eing are highly socialied cretue in he world .
Therefore , it is ievitable hat we hve to learn to be par of the scity .
Prents , in some cases , e mentors to childre .
However , cnsidering t complexity of t socity , I beieve it bette to ern in schoos rater than from parents .
First of all , tere is no denying that arents may teach the chilren enormous fundamnal ivin skll , on which teir progeny count .
Nevertheless , the skills are ot diverse nough or chlden to deal with secific problems wn lving in a ompex socety .
F examle , one of my senior high scool 's classmat had encountered communictio problem involved in e ther 's family .
As a conseuenc , they never ak to eah othr inc then .
Following t preous pargrph , there will always be people of ifferent livng syes , attides , and beliefs in vry spct of ne 's life .
Hae we o lie an learnd the skils in a grop , especially in school , we wil n be skilled efor entering e socity .
The society as a whole is a pae where ot copetition a cooperation take tn continuously influne every member .
If we only lv in our oriinal famil , parents wl probably forgive us hn we make istake .
In contrast , living in a society is another ory : people mght blame , cmpete , or ve hurt thers no matt w ou are .
Lering in schools , hwevr , provde valuable opportunity r children to lea not only from teachers , but alo om relationships between peers , and as a result , proves te wy for being independent in te future .
In a nutshell , hre is a great del of knowledge needs to be gained for hilren in ord to live in a ciety .
chool , a place wi divrse sudents along wih teir attitude towards lives , might be ette th learning merely with the arents .
T best sprt in the world .
Have you ever tried unsuccessfully mre than 5 sports in on ne month ?
I hav .
Althoug it 's re that I do n't actually love sports , oe I found lf it toaly engage me !
By laing glf yu can enjoy a wonderful jorny in touc it the natu d een wih some friends , wile you do some halty , constant an not too tiring exercie !
If u like te grt viws from a high hill , as el as having a relaxing time wh ourself or sarig it ih ohr peple , gof is the perfect sport for you .
h only disadvantage I coul find is ha golf is n't such a cheap sprt to do , as it reqirs a o of expene a als a good menal nd pschologica halth , which is the first hig I recmend to work on if you wnt to ejoy golf rom he beginning .
However , as lng as you can affrd it and you 're provided with atence an enthusiasm , y shuld n't miss t oportunity to pa is amazing sort .
I ttaly encourage yo to r it at les one nd I 'm sure y will desire to epeat !
Sometimes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
It swly rustles and claters ad it 's pulsig waves atact so much ha you ca n't stand sitting still much loger d o are ready to throw up everything d run towards it .
owever , at e ls mmen , o understand that th ocen is ter , in eternally beloved Spin .
Long befre r journey I knew that I would love this cntry , I woul fl in love with ocean ad sea on for all .
I wa wrong only aout one ting : I h loved it lg ag .
I a been adoring the s and dreaming abu it when I had nvr see it beore , never her it before , but definitely et it t by skin but my hat .
We spen tn days on e Atlantic seaboard , in a smal town - Cái .
The main avantage of it is tt h ocean is awys near at hand , no matter in what part of the wn yu e .
Lk in all t seaside tns , it 's always windy there .
e wind is often sron and old , n it blows off as n tousle th hair in sh a way th it ca n't be combed a more .
So , that 's why I gave up the de to do it and decded to be a shaggy - gil= )
Also I rememb wea perfume of Spanars ( and San itself ) , spreading through te sreets of old town n mxing with the sll of fri fish th is ready to be sere in uerous br , cafes a restaurants .
I remember he wamth of twilight wnc lure you to the hert of this to .
I remember the lauh of eple , sitting at the tables and chatting .
I remember children , runnig about the small squares in fof of t cathedral ; elderly peopl in wheelchair ...
All tese memries r always with me , d to go hrough tm ain I do n't een nd to cloe my eys , everything in my mind heart is oo ivid to forget .
Tdy I am riting about earnin aother laguage .
It could sm something very useful , wih no drawbacks , but each oin as a head an a tail .
Learning anothr language is a wnderul way of learnig about another counry .
Chc the languages you kno and comare te to th eple fom tose countries .
A language it is te capital hng to learn beause it is he way people commuicate ad organize hei thoughts .
Furhermre , it gies ou the chance to enoy th works done in ha lnguage .
ht 's an incredible opportunity .
Neetheless , wh you are learning a language , it brings cofusion .
Yo eed to change th ay you organize yor thoughts in order to ster it .
On the one had h old on culd be hr wired nt your brain .
On h oth ha , the new language neds an additinal effor .
It also s anotr neative effect , ou have limte tim on th plnet .
There ar an incredible amount of higs to earn .
W would you waste yo time lerning a n lauage , when you robably do nt know enogh about your own .
In summry , learning a language is something eautiful , seful and entertaining .
It an be hard nd it ha t downside .
Bt , as a laner of my third lnguag , I am a firm beliver it is t riht choice .
Monoe Trinin Solutions
87 , Suhend Clos
Norfolk AB51 8
Eil:8jkWE2h@gml.m
Skyp : T Joanna Little
www.monroetaining.o
26 January 2012
Victria Ros Se
Dpatment of Economics
Vancouver Busines Scoo
1239 Adelaide Road
Vancouer
BC Canada YN 3
Dear Ms. Vctoria Rosi :
We a delighted to infm y tha charity dier a a success .
We raised a € 44,500.00 ad we are elly grateful fo your attendance our een .
We will us the money r build anothe educational blding , and we ae oin to invest in t program that we d the la ear .
We would lk to s than you for your presence in the event , we are delighted because o hose to romote r eduationl rogram , we are ptty sue tat ou resece helpe a o to promote ths ogram wt the w students .
We are really happy to ifrm you th we are going to oganize sme eets in te next three months nd we wold le to invte you as a pulic figure to discs more details about t campaign .
est Regards ,
Joanna Little
Director of Mnroe Solutons
Is chane always od ?
hage is always od .
Bu sometime the ce of change , the irection of change or th consequences of change can make it no god at l .
Le implies hange .
No change , no lie . atue is fe and death , costrction n desruction .
No hange , no Nature .
To op e change is impossible Tha would be against Nature an against ourselve .
Every hman ctio rovkes a action .
Evry sige word cues a gesture , a hoght , a chane in the others .
ery step marks a fotrint in th ground .
h smallest wo cnges the enironment .
Any desion chane futue .
Life is chang .
B this change h a rhth and it is better to repect it .
Li ad change hve alo a directon , an ai : gowth .
Everthig that does n't go is dead , and death is the opposite of life .
To inhibit the gwth of a living being is a cruelty , but sometimes it happens .
Think of those hinee women oblied to constrain the feet .
Thnk of the Olympic Champion Naia omaneci , artiiially stopped in er phsical development to prerve her graful childih body .
Equll cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate he pace of growh by forcing .cildren to ok like dult or by inducing little girls to ress and behave as femmes fatales in ieo - clips or magazine cver .
Nature is so change , b in a cycling directon , n in a natural rhythm : t movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days an nihts , t sequence of season … , in short , th weel of life .
We lived in a time of accelerated chanes .
Technology allows us to do an learn in one life 's time more ting tn our ancestors were able to in svera generations .
But at h same me we are working against aure - let 's tnk of pollution and clmate change - nd aanst o own man naure : distress , allergies , strokes a heart attacks e nowadays more n more reuent .
I tnk we shoul readjus the rhythm of chae in order to be able to reinterret , in a positi sense , Lampedusa wrs " everyhing mu change so that everything c stay the se " .
Shopping is very impotat fo people .
It eps to cop ih stressful situations .
Whle soppng , you ae din what you like a eoy .
But sme pople can get annoyed by tis nd of activity . They ay be irritated by loud msi in the shopping areas , long queues at he cash desk and crowds of custoers everywhere .
ome eope ca be lled shopaholics , as ey ca n't iv without new clothes and furniur .
I do n't eong to an of the oups , because I am not addied to hoppin , but I do love th roces of choosing clothes , shoes and accessore . I hae going shopping with my fathe as he is always advising tuid stff .
Hwver , I ind shoping wi my mothe pleasant and easy , as we hve e sme interst nd tastes .
S heps me to make the igt choice and nver looks at h pices .
Actualy , this is a wrong ea , because I ut not wat mey on things at are t worth buying .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My am is Al Yegorov d I am writing to requst information about qualification requirmens f obtainng a skills assessmnt in order to sbmit my Expression of nterest in SkllSelet .
I woul appreciate it if you culd nd me neessary applications forms and assciate informtion reating to te assessment .
It old be appreciated if u old provide ssessment pocedures , tiframes d chage as well .
I grduated from he University wit specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
Hwever now I am wokig and planning to contine workng as a Softwe Engineer ( 26313 ) .
Would Teleommunications Eginee ( 26331 ) be the riht nominatd ccupation o me ?
Also may I hav nformatin on which version of the ILS should I ta , t Academic or the Geral ersion ?
urs faithfully ,
Ae Yegerov
The Erpean Union is created and meant to be an oranizatio that hel all of s embes to dvelop eonomically a ocilly hile contibuing to the common god of te whole union itself .
It wos owards allowng l t EU citizens to trave n wk eely no matter whih contry they are from .
Mgratin is a facto l countries ut consider in order to move forward .
veryone must be accepted ad inteate in a specific ociety .
Al current 27 nations ust work bth indviually and togeter for he bt coditions of immigrant .
There should be a workng ntwor for providing uitale jobs and standard of living to tse , of cour , who are looking to work and contribue to societ , and do not simply expet to lay on the back of a mre economically devlped cunties .
Many non - EU citiens live nd ork in Europe but for th to be sccessful they hve to be able to integrate ino their receiving society .
The shud be ale to enj te same rights nd esponsibilities as EU citizes .
Eope needs brit young eople with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better future fr theselvs and f teir cildren .
Migration brns a he cultural wealth d dvesity in Euope ad integration is an exprssio of civic cohesion , cntriuting to poliical stabilit .
First pest to realize that chrh wine is n real blod .
" h taste of my boo was completely dffeent fom h Sacred Bod " .
In 2015 , after 30 yers of service in the Church of th Sacred ert in eluzuchampa , nrh of Bolivia , th pries nocecio Ruales , 66 yes old , realized th t ine dnk at the moment of omunion is no the truly blood of Jesu Christ , as he has thoht o i whole lfe .
" I realized about this fat last December when I cut my finger wie I s cooing d I uced th blood at was fowig ro the wun " .
Inocencio , surprised by ts discovery , asked to his prtner in the Oer of ain Bartolo aot the taste of heir blood , incredibly , aftr a needlestick in their fingers , l the priests frm the congrgaton agreed tt heir bood did not tat ke te ine convrted in Holy blood at the church .
At tt time , the Oer sent to Vatcan an urgt message and caled the ess o akig e annoucment of the discovery .
At thi prss conference Inocncio assured that next year he wil y to prove if pigeons truly represent e Holy Spiri .
Helo , Aisn !
I 'm glad to he from you again ! I have to say that o should write in yo or ta te traditional Portuguese ood is deicous !
What c I say ?
Uually my eating habis a similar to e mst Portuguese ; I av my rekfast roun 7.30 ad 8.00 , I ea rad with heese or am ad I drink a large gss of lk wih cereals .
At unch man peole at a lt ! I strt with a small oup an then I hv te mn dis and he esert .
If I have some tme bore 14.00 , I loe to av a cofee wh frends - in ortugal everyo rinks an espresso !
In the fternon I at sme cokes .
inaly , I hv dinner wh my amily - lway at 20.00 !
We et a light meal and fruit .
What is my favourite Portguee mel ?
It 's po hich is seasoned with re wine and , thn , is well braised .
But the mos famous dish ses d .
God luc ! est wishe !
Andreia
He had a ong day ahead of hm .
m as e kid of perso that is lways there f hi friends .
He ws lways don things for th or anyone who asked him .
He lived in Toronto , which is cl city , but which is eve colder at 5 am , the time when m 's a egn .
m had a sries of thngs he had to do for i friend Rob before 2 pm and had to start as as as he coud .
Hi firt so was the ar garage where he ha to pa and tak his friend Rob 's car .
The rie wa supposed to be 10 pouds , but they ed up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to put mny from his on pocket .
As a concecene , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty al morning .
After tkig he car out of the gaage , he d to drive a the way to the airport and wait r Rob to coe .
Bt h plane had a day of 20 minutes .
Tm ws getting eally axous , worryng tat he would never make it ak to hi b at 2 pm , th fight aried .
Tom drove back to tow a th walked really st to hs rk .
It ws a quarter to two , so to laid back in i chir , took a i breath and waited for hs wormates to come .
It had been a ey long ad tirin d , but om flt he hd achived something relly ood .
Welcome to Russia !
Everybody visiti his country ould ik to ee the most important sights , n I might be helpful there .
Ho abut Red Suare ?
It is one os the most signifiant paces in ur capitl , Moso .
Frst of l , I would like to ke it clear that " red " is t related to the color only , his wrd also means " beautiful " in Russa .
Then , this is the spot where al - nation celebratios ke pace , ie civil and military parades or seeing te New Ya in !
Moreover , in Red Squae o can ee the Muasleu , which is also ca be calld on of the ymbls of our pital and t ounty .
e amazing Saint Basil 's Cahdral is located nearby .
If you visit my country one da , I wl certainly be pleased to how you Red Squae and everything I 've told y about .
I am proud of my ontry !
What is cultural literacy ?
I was researchng sm definitions of cultural iterac .
It seems to me tt the following definitions show an ovall context of what is cultural literacy .
Cultural literacy is the abilty to nderstan and participate fluently in a gve culture .
Culturl lteracy is Knowin abot and respeing the cultures of others .
In order to be ulturally iterae , you ned to be amiliar it al manner of things , frm Wterloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bath , the Man Cata , Tutankhamen , e Pythagorean Teorm an 1066 .
To be famiar wit somehing is fa diffeent from ein an expert in it , nd it 's entirel mnaeable .
A litate rader nows t object - languge 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient se of ocabulary ; a cuurally litere persn knows a givn culture 's sgns ad symbols , incldin its langue , particular dialecti , sores , entertainmnt , idioms , idiosyncrasies , nd so on .
The culturally literate person is ale to talk to a udertand others of that cultre wit fluency , while th cuturlly illerate peron fails to understand culturally - conditiond allusons , reerencs to pa events , idomaic expressions , jokes , ames , placs , etc .
According to UNESCO litercy is at h hat of asi eduaion f l and ta creaing litrate environments and societies is ssentia o chievin h goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing poplaion groth , acheving gender equality and cheve sustainable development , peace ad democracy .
My persoal opiin culural iterac is the way to understand , learn d kno about oter culture .
Also yu can be undrstoo by other cultus .
Nwaday , th majoit of tengers are not so lse ih eir amiles as ty ud to be n mostly hey are farher apart from their arnts .
The g betwee 13 to 19 is the revolutionary one .
It has bn shown that they gt along tter wt thei siblins than teir arens .
I share this opinion wh e revolutionary ones .
I gt alng wth my siblngs very el but we do not see eah other very uh .
As a result , we often communicae and we do not exchange pinons as much as othe families do . I do ot consider them to be my bet friends because I can not peak with them as freely as with my friend .
ot to mention that when I am trying to talk to them they aays space t and then y tht they have their own problem .
That really ge on my nerves .
A friend wil sta on and lien to u in patience .
To su up , I do o consdr my family to be my best riends and neiter th do .
I think it is fair to sy basketball is on of the mst ppular srts on the planet , oth in numer of viewer and pyers .
There is probably an array of motives to exlain sc peomenon but for me tha happens for n prticlar reason ; the shot clock .
The sot clock is a timer that dicttes the amount of tme during which one tea an maintain possession of h bal .
Th de behind it is to qickn the ce of the game n preventig it from becoing talled .
A corious fact is that ou of the five mot popular sorts in te orld only basketball eeps trk of posesson time and to me th 's xactly what sets him apart from the others .
Whe watching or payin any kind of sport , here 's nothing rse ha a tm or a plyer trying to ste tme untill the clck runs ut , th ame ecomes dll an borin a yo ca n't ejo t xcitmet that only te pempo styl of play an provide .
T bottom le is ; a fst paced gam is a uch more ecting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a slow aced o an tt maks the " hot ock " fundamenta to the dynamics of the game .
And for anyone trying to beome a good basketball plers the t mos mporant thing to understand ( as it is for most pors in general ) are te values of practice and aareness .
Practice is t one thing that can increase e pobability of esreable results d awaenss is hat gives o te ability to apt to ifferent situation , n the combinati of t tw is h only way to success , so if yu want to be a goo player you ned to put your energy and fus on practice an stay alert and surveing t court at all ims so o ca be aare of what is appening aroun you .
me pole claim that the yoh of today is less hethy than he wre two decades ag .
Although several causes f his problem ca be ound in t modernisation of our soiety , this modern society n lo prvid olutions for the amelioration of t leve of itness of young people .
n of te reasons o th worsening of t health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
Nwaays , prents ta their children everywere by ca , werea they would av to go everywhere by bike or by foot weny eas ago .
Ths is a result of the decreasing price of cars du to inovaton in h ar ndusty , wich enald more ad more people to buy a r ( and use it ) .
oweve , possbiliies to make t oth heathier ae also provided by our modern civilisaion .
F example , commercials c be used to stmulate yungstrs to tak up exercise by showing he positive effects .
In concluion , I eel that not on he ground fr h o level of fitness of today 's yoth , but also te clue to g yougstes iter , es in the mdernity .
Go hriller movies have become increasinly rare in he last w years , and to find some amo big productions cstng famous acos is eve harder , if not impossible .
Most of thee , in fact , ave very predictable plots , are full of clihes and sice it 's so eay to figr u how they will n , they a sally vey boring .
Ti is why I a very srprised wn I came out of the theate aftr eeing " Looper " an thought " y , I jst w a thrlle ith Brce Will in it , and it was tually a realy good one ! "
h story is set in e ftur , about thiy years from o , wh im tavel had be invnte but a usd only by crimina organizations who et those they want killed in h past where a professional killer , a looper , was waiting o the and for th silver trappe to hei bdy .
The main character is Joe , a looer h hs to fa an older version of himlf sent bc in time to be kled .
By eting his oder self go Joe changes h at , and therefore s futre , leadng to a seris of unxpecte ents , n to an even more unexecte ending !
My xpetations wre no very high , but I have to y h moe s surprisingly go , in fact it was no borg at al , and ad a fw bi twists which took me ompletey by surprise .
Tm travelling is ol a mean to the devlopent of th story , d e future ociet is quite simir to the resen one , so even if you are not big sciece fiction fans , I sugst o give hi movi a chance , I am re you wo n't be disppinted .
In the compeitive wod tat we inhabit , dominating a techique and havin a deep knowledge of a give feld is essential for both academic nd rofesional ucces .
We 've reachd a poin whr his triing starts at an ely e in he form of extracurricular actiities , uch as muic lasses , larnin languages and playing sports .
The iherent tendency to pvide te best to our offspring catalyze parents to invest in tei kids as to prepre them for an unpredictable future .
T hste that results from this procss doe n't allow parents to thnk over sm potentially harmful myths that they tae for reality , egarless tht it y compromie teir kid 's motivation and ef - confidence , all becaue of hir " is talent nate or can it be acquire ? " .
Contemporarily , the most ide - spread blef is ta some people are brn with a talent ad some unlucky oe simply are n't .
Tis assertion ma boost the confdene of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in th erl infancy , as though this capablity could be he celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or gon to gow as chil prodigy .
he depts of ts de usull menton extraordinary eope in ordr to reifrce their ow believe in their child 's potential to becom a knn genius .
ne of the mst common xamles is Betoven , know fr coposng hi - quality piao piece as a ung chld .
Litle kno is wat was the role playd by music in his life and w was hi relationship ith it previous to hs ist ded .
Admittedly , I do n't know it mysef .
ny oe ho challenges te aforementioned cmon - snse is n't imdiately drawn to embrace and belie the ls ommn , b ill popular an not scientific , onurrent idea .
Many do believe that a tlen a be taght , although not so easily .
e " 10 0-hour le " is said to ave a scientific bae , in spite of he fact that most of ts defendans have nvr re e stu th stablished it .
Accordg to this rule , n pson c develop a talent fte 10 000 hours of rining .
hi amount of time does n't fi norma wrkes an students ' ight schedules nd busy daily lives , therefore bing labeled as unpractical d unachievable .
The normal response to this conclusion is , as I an may pele who gae up learning a language simy becaus fluency is o of each if you do n't have this ie vailabl , is the ls of otivation .
h main problem of having thee two persecties on talet is ht th of he are basically negative .
Either of hem put a hev burden on arets ad on thi cildren .
One asserts that talent is a matter of lc ; the second , of ure te demanding ad preumably exensiv edicatin .
learly , bh ry on he commo beliefs to be sustied .
As ny other unscietiic " truth " tat circulaes and cause harm to our society , his oe a only be eliminated rough t readn of scintfic nd specialised publications on the toc , so that te effective manns of becoming talented in something can be adoped , beoe h poplar believe take our motivtion and self - belief wa .
Ti eseach project will provide us ih better understanding and inights in ths re through h EM trainees ' nartives an experiences of clinica reasoning development in ED an ad to the scienific discorse in clinical reasning .
As discusse , clinical resonig is stll poorly nderstood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinica easonng cn provide richer mans of understanding what is involved in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 21 ) .
A narratie apprach to plore and investigate clincl reasonig eveopment can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to intgrate insights from differet framewoks in as that combine the strngths of each .
Dear Jh ,
I ie in Italy nd you shuld know that fo is very important fr us !
Mn people do reakfas in the bar wi an espress or a cappuccino d a crosant .
In th morning we 're not usd to eating alty fod like salami , eggs or cheese .
Woking eople usually ve unch at about 13.00 and te have someting simple uch a paa or a sandwich and a coffee becaue the bek is sort and they have to go bak to work and need to be conetrate and do n't get asleep !
During the d Italian people drin a lot of coffee and everyone as a coffee makr at home !
Young people do not ink offe : thy prefer to rin Coke while eating junk food , which is heaper an tatir hn pastasciut .
The time for inner is not he same in all parts .
In norhrn Ial people a at about 19 , whres in southern Itay they eat at about 21 . I et hm late nd I hve no im to cook elaoate meals so I usuall cook a steak with egtables .
Somtimes I ie myself a sle of hmmade ce .
Ialan eat also a lot of fruits lie apples , onges d other rut of t sasn .
On Saturdays or Sundys we do n't have to work , so we have time to cok and we prepre typil Itlan food wth t or or courses .
I really lik h lasagna , mae with a fa an ln pasta with bchamel , tomatoes and meat ad I love the pasta Amatriciana mde wt spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bco nd a typical Roan cheese calld ecorin .
Anoter typical dsh frm he norher Itay ( it coms from h mountains ) is pizzocchri which is a whet psa tpped it cabbage , bute nd typical chese .
very egin as a typical food a a typica ceee .
I once rad th in Ily we produce 450 differen cheses and I do n't thik a foreier woud try them al !
I 'm talkng aout Gorgnzola chees , which tase eally strong and is n't er nie because it s a lue mould inside .
I remember havin taed the " ca maz " , a typicl Sardinian cheese which has som litle worm insd !
Hoeer , eing is for us a tradition that puts the famlies together an recipes are handed down from generation to generation .
I hpe I 've hled you !
Bt wishes ,
Rerta Trentino
at happened to me is no the reaon for my mood ut I 'm sure it contibuted .
My firt night er I a invited to a dnnr inly for scientists h r up er dng a raio sho .
I 'm place next to Brain Cox and something inside me wilts becase I ko I am sitting next to a superior being and he wl soon find out I 'm a w - celled worm .
I am nx to someone who knows wt happened to make the bi bang , he see atoms nd electrons nd ven know wht he are .
He does n't think aut higs tt I , a mere mortal oes , like whether or not there is ood on my eth , and death .
To me he is greater than any rock sr squard .
Dear is ,
I would like to app f h job you advertised last ek ecause I am uite sur I wol be perfectly suital o h st .
Firt of all , let me introduc mysef .
I am 30 yers o .
I am an Englih teach ere in my country , Sai , and I ave worked with children aged 5 - 14 for fve yar no in different educational centres .
I am quite enthusiastic bout being with is .
I guess tha is wy I am a b workahol .
I ove layig spts , singing , swimming , ong handrafts , ad cooking as wel . I enjoy teamwork , nd I away shar new dea and go exprieces ith my colleagues .
I am a sociabl a suppotive person .
I hv a gre charactr .
No , in relation to the j ask I oul hve to perform , I feel totally apable of doi all of tem with enthusiasm and effectivness .
I am an excellent cok .
I am quite good at organising sport evns and gae .
Moreover , I wi not ae trouble taking care of chldren -I wl be a great companion for hem .
Students alwas loe th activities I desig for hm .
They have so uch fun !
Thus , I think I am the right person to wor at an of your summer camp a I am sure you il be stisfied wih my or .
Workin there woud be a great oportunity for me .
I cud learn more aout American culture and peple .
I kno I would nefit a lot from t experience .
I am looking orwar to hearing frm you soon .
Dear Sir/ Mdam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of instructor at SA Summer Camp .
I am ad 20 n currently doing a Barcloa University degree in PE .
I am als a Sanis d Cross cam eader , as I fancy al kinds of spts sc as swimmig , aling , kyaking , rock climbng , c .
I alo he a hh levl of spoken Eglih becaue or 8 ear I h ben attending a summer camp in Scotland , where laey I wa akd to carry on as nstrctor .
As a rult , I have some relevant experience for ths j since I ve bee working for w years as summer cmp instrcto fo a compan in Scotland where I have been in charge of fiften hidren ae eit years .
I would be suitble fr h job advertised because I am extrvert , easygoing , hardworig , thoughtfl , and loe cidren and practising outdoor ctivitis such as amping , fishing a oking , I aso enjoy teacin chilen ne skls n hepig them to devlop their elf - confidence .
I would welcome the chanc of bei part of yr company 's team since it is a wrl renowne firm and I am avalabe to travel an change of residence .
Bcause of ts , I would be grtefl if yu could send me information rearding inorporatio to he organizion ( ate , conditins , etc )
If you require any further inormation , please contact me at + 34 2 22 22 22 or T6hJ@gmail.om .
Looking forward to hearin from you .
Yours faithfully ,
ara Sth .
Although educated peope in the past h e same desre to larn as educated pele today , tos who wr onsidered educated in he past oul be considered less educted today .
That 's becae there 're many cientfic acts have been evealed .
Furthermor , information about ese acts have become mc mor availbe .
Also , pople tday tend to get highr degres than people in the past .
T great expansion of knowledge aes peope more educad than befr .
Tody , eople know mre about pheomna ht wr onsiered obscre in the past .
For eampl , people today kw or aout pace , genetics , and diseases .
Ta makes them mor eduated .
Furthemoe , it 's easy to kow about these valuable isoveries .
There 're many me libaries and learnng curss available than before .
In aditio , information abot anythin ca be fund easily on the Internet .
In th as , gradatng fo high school a considered an achievement ; tday it 's o .
To be considered ll edated , people should grauate fr a college .
lo , there 're oe peop who ontnue thei edcatin ater gaduation from college .
In conclusion , te averag lvl of education in the past is n't enogh tody to be considered educated .
Ti winr , I may be able to trav to Cornwall , UK .
Going to the UK hs been a dream of mine but goi to Corwall , hoever , might be a litte of an eapade dring the wnter , considering that I 'm ony used to th relatively hot Egyptian weahr .
I have ead that ornwall is usually flooded in inter , and that the weather mgh make transportation a pin .
Hwever , I 'm interested & excied but h jorny bause it wl allow me to have a myriad of new experieces .
On the other han , I hea people e generally onvival and naue is beautiful in Cornwall .
I oe ta my fortitude will hlp me urng ts ort sojourn .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while o nd I s ookng r a chane as well as mor personal ureon .
A historical place of importance in my country .
There is a place , in my country , which played a vry imprtant rle drig old Ward II .
is is a frest , crosed by he border betwee France an Switzerland .
As it as ull of spruces , it was ea to ide frm t Grman atrols and people from both sides of h bodr helped Jewish , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to fl through Switzerland .
A n oo pla from Sou of France to Sitzerland , spscially to t to save thousands of Jeish children .
People w participate to that " way to fredo " ner ask anything in exchange .
They did it feey .
They ever spoke about it tl a few ars ag , as tey were considered like riminas by heir conries as they had broken the law ding ha time .
But nw , they tol the whoe world about it , some of te re n cnsdered as heroes in Insrael for wha they i uing these ad times .
Their sry a written and folks fnlly could dicove wha happened thee between h ears nineteen thrty - ne and ninteen fty - five .
Last month a moument ws rected in their memory so that nobody forgets wa happened in tha large forest here - as the people wol say in that time - German oldiers can n guard all wo , ulss they tood ehind each spruce ....
Nwaday , pulic transprt is a usful and onveniet way of travelling , especially for studens , pele with low socioconomic tatus or for everyone who ants to go to work or school by bus , tai or by subway .
It 's also true ha re people have cr tn aye 30 of 40 yers go .
ars are a goo way of saving me epcially whn waitng o ublc tanport , maily , bus .
Bt a disadvantag it ha cars maineance and g is or expensive than paying or pulc transport .
On he ther hand , car ae always there wn you nd thm and ou do n't have to depend on nyting when you have a car .
Airplanes ar becoming more an more useful f peole wo travel fo rk or even want to ge to anoter pace quicker an fer .
I ao think that thee woul be ewer eple usin pblic ranspot in the ftur bu om il still be available because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a ar or travelling by plane .
As in al educational rocesses , assessment of he programme planning must ake place .
here are dfferent ideas to be considere as far as assessment is cocered .
In t rst place , we hve to know why we evluate .
The unction of evalation and assessment mt not only be the recgnition of h rsuls of the learning process itlf , t alo ho his press to place , therefre we wi ned to s diferent instruments of ssesment .
After e assesment an evaluation we will be ae to adjust he neessar pedagogic elp to idividul students , nw up to which point the poposd aims ae ee acived and we ill be able to jde the progmme planning as a whole .
Assessment a evaluation ill provid information , as wl fr the eaher as o the students .
T eacher ill udertand the student 's difficulties bette ; s / he wi know h level of ssimilation of the dffeent kids of contents nd be ae to modify futue pogramme lanning .
As fr as t sudent are cocerned , they wi be able to correct inadequate strategies or ehavour , no th ifficulties te encounter in te laring - teaching procs and evaluate their proper pocess .
ecndly , we must be sure of wh to ases and evaluate .
As to the students , we ill ave to cnsider e knowledge and sils they have acquired , their attitudes an their soial behavor .
As to the techer , we will find out whete the programme panning as adeqate or ot ad if s / he s sufficiently impied in te learning - teaching process .
Tirdl , we ave to keep in ind th instruments for asessmet and evaluatn we are gog to use .
r our programme plnning , we propose the following instruens or techniques :
Sciet is continually haning , ever since we crate the firs civilizaons .
However , it h a special importnce nowdays , in a orld tt moves so quickly .
The fir thing that come to mind on his subject is tecnoloy .
It has sc a quick growth ta it 's impossibl to predict w much transformation it will suffer .
It should mak a l of tasks easier and more ficient t , apr frm tt , I do n't expect it to have a de impact on or lives , onsiering oter aspets that will certainly overcome ts one .
Tt brings us to seond point : resources .
As the population row eponentially , te resoces fl to go along .
We hav jst started worrying about that t th atons in course are fa from enough .
h rd truth is ha until somnoe has to face the situation hislf , it 's qite dfficut to restrai frm wasting eery , food , materials , wat ...
ut in the ner futre most of us wil have to del with it and terfore be forcd to mae dramatic changes in r livs in der to urvie .
Fially , and on a more poitive ton , we 're walking towards a gobl ord .
This mns brders re getting hinner n thinner , and cultures oe nd mre siilar .
As thi m cue us to lose traditions and clturl identity , it will einitely bring mor pportunitie or veryone .
De Jo ,
It 's rat to ar from you !
It 's really god ta you 're coming to Urgua , I would be pleas to elp o .
Frst of l , ther are a lot of aces to visit here and I uld like to ake you to , Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Poono , La paloma an oth eautifl ples .
You hav a l of hoel to stay if you want to be mor than a day and he people is rell ic , or if you want u can ty at my hue of cuse .
Secondly , You cn find a job hr in ontevideo or if you like in e conryside .
You could work in a public office for example .
Fr people w ome frm oher countries like u , there a a lo of internships and I can ssue you that o will find a gat job , hee are also comanies that e hiring people to wok or a short eriod of tm in eir call cener .
Finally , tell me if yo want to go to a particular plc or do some activity tt o have in mind .
I 'm ooking forward to ee u soon !
We will he a great time together hr in ruguay , u will meet some of te os populr places of tis beautiful onuntry .
See you soo ,
Felipe
The pupils hve been taught English since hei vry firt meeing wi e Enlish language in shol so they are cometely faliar in uing Engish as classroom language .
In this curse sign we have also chosen activitis that we cosier suitable to be taught out in nglish .
e nl place wher we could imaie a challenge in sticking to Eglsh as h classroom langage is when th grp works .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brain storm fom a 1 , and then it coninue by he pupils applying all their new wor and knowledge bout America .
Hereby we want to ceate consciousness in the pups'minds about their nw knwledge .
The e of the evaluain is that every pupi wrte a os - it note that answers the ollowing questns : What ae I learned from ti course ?
hat id I like most bot th ourse ?
Hw could the core be improved ?
Hereby we bth want h pupils to reflect their learning and brig he teache vauble information f the next tim .
In this class there re stong wishs about certain areas regarding Amrica that t pupils at to lean : 10 pupils ould ike to learn abot American Hig School Li , 4 ppil wud like to learn about National Par in Amera , 4 pupils would like to ear about Naive Americns an 1 pupil would lik to lear about Americn tor Industry .
aking the imortane of earnr autonomy and t impornce of the pupils'motivaion into cosideraion we have dcided that the can follow their intests in ti cour .
Ts also gies the pupils th possiility of presenin tei clsmates to ew knowledge - and the cmunicative sitution is authentic .
Kyiv is a god destination r th sopoholics .
re yu can find wel - known brans as el as locally produced iem .
Fr ths interested in top fhion brands I uld recomen visiti te shops in he main street .
Te be manufacurers of clohes , linnen , accessries ae their shops there . Jewellery and wat shps cn also be found arby .
or those who are loong fo cheap , but praccal lthes I will rcommen to go to oe of the shoppin mls of h capital .
Ms market clothes , bags , cosmetics , childe ty are rpresented ere .
her a as upermakets in each shopping all , ere you c b od and bevrages as wel as housekeeping items .
If you a interested in lcal design , vintae clothes ad remrkable souvenirs , go to the hitoricl center of th cy .
Difeent shops ill offer a wide rnge of gods and impresse with inteesting deig iea nd unique stye .
e main hoping al of the ciy is under reconstuctio at the momnt , t in o yea it il be oe for vitors and ill rprise em wit high teh desin and exclusive bands .
A if you tr to find a go rouct for a reasonable prie visit the ciy 's outlet - cllection of the previous yar are sold thee wt sigificat discounts .
AIESEC has 64 year of experience in dveloing high - potetial yot into globaly mided responsible leaders .
Pesent in ovr 113 conries and terrtoris ad wit oer 86,000 members , AIESC is he world 's largest youth - run organiation .
Focued on proviing a platform f youth leadership development , AIESEC ffers youg people the pportuniy to partcipate in international internshp , ep ...
Xm thêm
Mô tả
Present in er 13 cuntris a teritories and th over 86,00 members , AIESEC is the wol 's larget youth - rn organisaion .
Focused on providing a atform r ouh leadersip development , AIESEC offers yog pele the opportunity to be global citizens , to cang the wld , an to get eperince a skill that matter today
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
Wt We Evision
Peace n fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
AIESEC 's Scope
AIESEC is a global , n - political , independent , not - for - rofi organization run by students and recent graduates of institutions of hige eduation .
Our mmers are interested in orl isues , leadership and management .
AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of ce , colour , gnder , sexua orientaton , creed , religion , natinl , ehni or social origin .
AIESEC 's Approach
AISC members li an integrated dvelopment expeince .
Thi involves leadership pportunities , interatinal internships and interacti with a global etwork to support their develoment .
Wh people ecom homeless ?
Oe of the rasns is te ar pr ecaue tey can not t a job .
I eieve we cn decline e nber of homeless peop in Japan by providng them with information ad kills .
Thos wh bcome homeless usually do nt know that thr is a system to hel poor pepe .
For exmpl , if they do nt ha enough money that is eded to hve home and to buy thins necesary to live , they can gt a financial support by government .
Howve , those wo do not knw about it c not get such support .
Homeless pele ed to unable to collect informatn because of ak in eans to do it .
We nd to let them ge information .
Skills re lso neded to ge a job .
The skills include th ability to cmunicate with people and to cnqur hrdships .
I have seen a TV program abot hmeless people .
In the program , n homess man quit i ob becaus he cold not have a good reationshi in the ffce .
He tried svral jobs b he could communicate well in none of them .
He was tred of hmsef , ost interest in orking ad became hmeess .
The , he came to know ht thr a a class ta rovide homeless people with skills of lening floor f free .
He decided to join he clss .
Smetimes the lesson s hard , t th staff tere paised im when he id wel .
Little by little , he grew intert in woing .
He came to no ow pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
He as learned to o to build a go relationship wih pople through talking his fellows .
He finally waed to find a job ain .
If ore lessons like this are provided n more homels people gt the skills , the proem of homelessness will beco ls serious .
To conclude , givig infrmation out support hat they c receive from the government , an skil is vry helfu way to slve homeessness in Japn .
At e momnt , a goernents around e world argue about climate change .
Som of them tink global warming is t ot significant problem , depite thers believ deforetation h a higher impac on our wor .
w I ll discus both sides .
On the e hand , global warig is a result of many emtte oxic gases .
hese are , fr example , carbon dioxide a methane .
As we all know , res store arbon dioxide .
So , we cn s , with less deforstaton there would be less global warming .
Bt at are the results of glbal warng ?
h prary outcom is h increasing teperatre , n this lads to melting glaciers .
Thee glaciers a abita for plr bers and many othr arctic anmal .
Th melting lcier il bring a highr sea lvl .
That means ostal cities wil be flooded .
This flooding lea to stavaton because of fewer avest yields nd tis creates many refugees .
On the other hand deforetaton is , as said , anthe pa of gobal wamig d to less carbon dioxide storing trees .
Bu ncinrate a uge part of he rainforest ans a destrucion of t habitat of willife .
Glbal warming is a primary cause of starvaio u also es deforestation .
Because the roots do ot od h fertile soil , nd now , it will be blown away by the wnd .
To sum up oth isues have normou impacts on r world .
In oth animals n people are affectd .
B in my oinion , you can stop global warming by topping deforestation first .
Te y can focus on global warming .
Michael ad Ccilia had ee maried fr 6 years .
Even though their couple was of e quarelling type , everyne around them , fried and family agree on te fact that the pi as as sod as a rc , an despite he up and dwns , lov had always o in th nd .
B smetmes , Micael a a tendency to go too r with his word .
d each time it occurred , Ccilia burst in ters , and Miche a to ro h sobbig wif like a bb .
Thy ad kept ting to have a baby r yars , u espite thi attempts , no child vr ame .
Michael grew btter .
He was torturing Ccilia with proaches .
On night he wet away slamming te door , ill cursig while running dn the stairs .
It tok him ree days to am down nd u the tins in pespecive .
We he finally came back hme , his wife was nowhee to be see ... Michael ruse to e bedroom .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened i door .
It as pty ...
Michael losd th door and knw at that moment he ad ade a mitake .
Nowadays , exerence is more mportant thn academic knwledg to gi a job .
mployes ty to find eployees that have practical sils rather tn omal quaifications .
owevr , expeience is extremely important , I disagree tha the academics are not imprtant .
First of all , formal education is essental or empoyee , it is consderd as a fundamental basis of n pracical job .
Suces in a jb dpeds on th amount of thoretical nowlede tha a person ha in academic institution .
In addition , very phenomenon is based on theory .
Wn eployees face any problm or diffilties in work , it ust be rfered to te heor that explain this phenomenon , without kning thi theoy employees ca n't overcome these difficltie , o instance , engnering scince sems practical , but each pat of ngieering sciece is bsd on theories .
Thereby , engneers must take deandng knowledge to be successful in a career .
Second of l , heoretical ulifications ar crcial for employees , as it heps t people to tink ad ove all problem in a fair w .
Scienific approch is more importan to del with problems , beginning with determining probles nd te studying all factors nd related nfomation .
Then employees e ae to suget the bst solution , this approach is developed in frmal education .
Moreover , tudyng in a uiversity provides an opprtunit to interact wi a wide range of ople and thu build unique communication skills ha a very impotant for employees .
Finally , knowledge could ae an pen - mine pson who has abilty to dea with prolms in fairwy .
To coclue , theoretical knowledge is more imortant than ractical skills .
It is t mai pt tht elp empoyees to be successul in careers .
It is ceraily ru that mrkets can t andon the orml qualification in future .
Some people are convinc ha public transport has no futue beaus he car is so much more convenient .
Thee is more than one ay to lo at this statement .
The e of public transport hs a l of advanges , ut on e othr hd , ome disadvantages c be distinguished .
It depends on where a wat kin of place o ant to reach n it deends on the time of th day
In this aticl both sides a discussed .
Frs what are e advantages of uig the bus , or trai ?
When trveling to city cntes , choosing public tansport is to be advised , because parking a car in e ci is ally expensive d it is vry ar to find a space .
When in te cnter ad wanting to enjoy various sights , by r it is hd to g from on place to t other , because the ircuation is dene .
IN that wy it will tae a l of ou ti , while the us or raway have teir o bus lans , and hence are running smoothly .
In ha se the choice f blic transport will be referable .
We traelig to rural reas , it is uie diffiult by public transport , beaus ometims there is hardy ay no tan or bu for te far out paces a the tin villages .
Aother robem might be the timetable .
Because not a eole ging to these place , th schedu wl be very tgt d the bus will only leave once every hr .
If there is a bus or tain aailble , it wll sp at almost every illag .
Mot of tese buses will make ay sos whh makes it ve more time onsuming .
In th end of the d you should choose public transport or car accring to the purose of your tp .
nd sometimes plic transport is better and omeimes sing th car is betr .
he ira is a ' traditional sysem ' of jstice , hich is acivly praciced in , hyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in dsticts of Sindh bordering ih luchistan as to reolve lea cases n disputes .
The stem , whic was in practice since t British rule , ws modified under the ' Speci Provision Odnance ( Criminal rovision 11 ) of 1968 ' .
esids dispesig justice and dealing with judicial cae , t Jrga also covers ll important spects of monetary , oitical , and communal ife of tribal sciet .
Howevr , in ts resent form , th triba Jirga especially in Sdh rvince a geneated heaed debae abut its leal position as well as conflict of its ues ad oes with he conitution of Pakista , w of the land or formal justice system as we as international huan rights standards and conventions .
Strongest allegation on the Jra system or ' inrmal justce sstem ' has been t unfairness against innocents durin e course of decisions and execution on variey of its rules n regulations .
This nformal ssem of stice is being practiced in rural areas of indh d Bluhistan .
In ct infomal utice ystem is irecty prportional to h irga tat originally owns t ros to Baloch cutue n ad been transferred to Sdhi society progessively .
" Hisorically , the Jirga System dates ac to the days of Naseer Kha of Klat , Baluchistan .
He was he han of Kal from 141 to 79 .
Nasee Khan was an ab Gneral , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the eo of the tird battle of famous ani P . "
In rent yea , many nations e deelopin their own economy ridly , ad it takes tt many areas of farmlands nd forests are being cut down to build a better and bger oue and a mr convenient transprtation sytem .
However , mny ountris have become more awre of th environmental isus eah natio ace .
In my pinon , we need a mor convenient ie u also to maintin a crtin balance .
Fris of l , the bigest problem is that the ord 's resoces are extremely uneqal .
or exmle , Jpn is he wol 's third largst econy ater h United States ad China , its eonomy is so deeloped , but food , i , d othe resources are all imported , ad it ut a lot of heavy ndusty int developing countries in order to proect it w envirnmet .
This has led to a growing gap beeen h rich and the pr , while t environmen is also etting worse nd worse .
Scendl , wih the increasing of t earth 's population , the aea of farland is als decreasing .
Pple in economically developed rea are in the pursuit of the perct lfe and the people in h ndevelopd areas a strving .
So I hink tat th government must do something in this respect .
he government should find a balance point between economic developmnt and aricultural develpment .
I ink that it old hve to dvelop scenc n technology such as Yan Logpig 's hybrid ce , or afer the od can ma people 's great d en vigorousl develop he economy .
As prt of he same panet , protecting te lobl environment is ot only the tsk of the governent but also the task of each of us .
De ir or Madam ,
I am wting to app o on of the obs in the summer ap tht yo advertied on e Itenet .
I am in my fnl ear of hgh school which I wl lve wit a university entrance qualification in July of tis yea .
I am looking for a o in the A to improve my English n to gain more expernce working with children as I want to bome a riary hool teacher .
I have babysat chldren of iferent ages or the las 4 years ad ve found ha so f ver satisfying .
In addition , I av rivately oahed 5th and 6th grde pupl in Mathematics , English , German an French for the las 3 years .
T people I have workd or find me a relial , communictive , wel - organised and cheerful person .
I have be told that I am quite good wit children .
My babysiting duties er to bring the hidren to e , provide luc or dnnr , lay th and ra to hm .
it regar to te tutorials . I ae put together my ow exercse mterial , looked and iscused class ets nd helped t pupils with the homewrk .
Since I worked twice as a grou instructor at a loc summer cap , I think tat I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 ya old children from e exerence I meioned .
I hope o will ivte me for a b inteiew , vi Skype or in in erson and loo forward to earing fom you on .
Yors aithfully ,
Tessa Ferster
I had ever fet so nervous before in my life ... !
I il nevr foget ti articular day .
It wa a lovely day .
That is why my parnts decde to go on a bie tri to the oest ousid our city .
I had never bee there efoe , so I though - hy not ?
We set f at 6 pm ad reached u detination an hour ter .
Sudely , it g so drk , ha I oul nt e a thing .
I started soutng as my paens re out of iht , bt oody answered .
Ater a while I stred shakin - I a alone in a foret !
I tid to cll my motr , but while I was typing er number on the keypad , e battey ra out of powr ...
So tere w nothig etter to do t ay in he se place n wait r somon to ep me .
Luckily , it was quite wa , so there was one tig less to wory abou .
I id o have to wait so log , houg - after a ile I saw r car 's lights glong in e rkness .
I felt relieved .
Nx tme I wll be goin on sc a ri I need to make sur that I have a fll chared mobile wih me .
Eindhovenebaa 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 Septebr 21
Recruitment
Metwate News
Hartoghstraat 84
2771 YJ Amerdam
ar S / Madam ,
Your advertiement in t Guardia of 31 Augt attracted my attenton , because I elive that I have t skills you are ookin for .
ttached to hi letter of application , yu will ind my curriculum itae .
I recently copeted t fou - yer bachelor degee European Studies at ud University in Maatricht .
I laned about coporate communication , about management , organiatin ad communication and some bics of markeing , c .
Alo , I ha sdied French an Spanish d have articipated in many group projects .
During the studies , I went abroad to t University of Paris where I studied poitical sciences nd interational management .
After my studies I did a master in cultural sciences at the University of Mastricht .
As a result of this traing , I have excellnt communcation and analytical kils .
I a worked in a clothin shop in he pat , so I have soe sales experience as well .
I hav done an intership at a reception in one of the best V eign hotels in evilla , pain .
My duties inluded chc guests in n out , plan and organize group arrivas , asit in cash advaces , exhange moe , check guest flis ad gve commecial information to cusmers .
In tis way I have to so extnt developed strategic thinkig on individual clien needs .
I nw wha cliets at n know how to al wt that .
uring my studies , I had to mae evera ime porflios nd had netiation clses , so tat will be no problem for me .
I am vey intresed in his post , since it offers an ecelent pportunity to develop my arer in international management .
If you ha any further questions , I can be contacted on 016 12 34 56 78 . I wuld elcme th opportuni of an interview to iv yu aditional information on what I can contibte to Meltwater News .
Yur faithfully ,
Bo umel
Enclosure : CV
Dear ir or Madam ,
I am riting in reply to your jo advertisement that I saw soe days ago d I thn hi ould be th right opportunity for me .
I am an Italian 24- year - old girl , I studied Engish during hgh school an fr this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the languae .
In those placs I h te opporunity to communicate with otr people from al ovr the world .
I studied in ondon fr 1 mnt some year a and I viitd different plae uc as righto or Livepol whe I attended some sort ummer corse .
I would lik to imprve my communication skills an I would really lve to be an ativ part of yur sumer camps trying to do nw different things .
For these easos I tink I wold be a suitabl erson or this kn of jobs , I am very ope - mined an I love to take care of chlden because of their beauifl way of tining and see hings in a vr simple n naurl way .
Cooin is o of the tings I lie h most and I am not frightened of hardworking since I elieve that if yo want to improve o hav to apply a l .
I hope you will consider my request , ths woul atualy be a wonderful experience for me .
I would be gratef if yo could atted ts matter as soon as posibl .
Regard ,
Flaminia runa Mncini
It a a rainy afternon , nd I had discoerd the letter ht ruined my le . I ould never be the am again . I was at home lookig ut of the window , wen t phone rag .
I could never have guesed wh as but to haen .
Wile he hone wa rnging , I felt sives don my spin .
" Hlo " I said , eelig like smething wa rong , hile the peso on the ohe side ket talking .
A thn I hea those three words : " He is dad . "
I rshed to s ous , no believing wat I d just been told .
I got into his bedrom , n ere it wa : the ltte .
I suddenly ne ht ad hpened , he took is w lfe , n my hat brk .
I had never exected tht . I had lost my best fiend , nd I could not do a thing bot it .
ro ta momet on , my life hnged forever .
hre re no words to explin hw mch I mis him .
Crz Grandma
randparens a the st .
I love my grapa d grndma a lot .
ince grandpa passed way I strte loving my grandma ev more .
Grandma is so sweet , bu at th same im crazy as well .
S does amazing things .
I dmir her very muc .
Tha oan kows how to put a smile on kid 's ae .
Grany has grey stright hair , deep bu eye and iy nose .
S also has ple cmplexio and lac dark circles unr yes .
Granda 's wrinkled face an be horofing at night .
That is why I avoid going to the bathroom at night .
Fear of seig rany at night is stronger than anything else .
Se h a rely skinn bod , nd her hand are long and ovred in brwn spot .
Nana talks in such a peaeful way .
Tone of her voice is so gentle and so am .
It cale me down and fraks me ou at the same tim .
Parents tld me that andma is a very sc person .
When I go to sleep she is constantly sittin besde me .
n as she is watching me with eyes wd opened .
Lately I cold n't get enough seep beause of tat .
ana gives me feeling like I ill ge killed in my see .
It fel jut like a orror move .
ality is kling me .
I love her but s scares t hell ou of me .
While sleeping I can feel her rubig my feet a touching my hed .
It is reey feelng .
he oe n't want to leve me .
I do n't nw why .
abe she is afraid of dyin alone .
I know she is i .
ut I ever thought th it can be that srious .
I lve my grndma .
he might be crazy , bu I loe he .
Feeling cred all he ie will t sp me rm lving her .
Understandin is the mos important thing in this orl .
We will eve sp loving our gradparnts !
My favouie TV show is " Pretty Little ars " .
This shw is about four girls , clled Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
Th Girs se to han t togter , hey pent all their fee ime togethr an tey wer absolutely bes friends .
Allison was the rl who joed the gou togher : all of th girls ied her and she was alwys he cenre of ttetion .
n night , tey ere sleeping in a bn nd when Aria oke up , Spencer nd Allison wre gone !
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn , again nd told her friends th she had n't seen Allison , instead she ought she 'd heard her scre .
Fo th a on , te grs rft prt .
Aria moves to Iceland nd the the rls lose contact , nd Allison is sill missing .
When Ari cmes home from celan , agan , te girls t mysterious messages only signed ih the letter " A " .
All of te message include te grls ' secrets oh Allisn knew .
And then , lisons body is foud .
In th show , the friends r to fin u o " A " is a how Aliso ws murdered whie " A " turn their lves into hell .
I ov h sho , because it is cmpletely thrillng n scary .
If yo are a famous person , people believe u have a wnderfl lf .
Nvertheles , being famous h bo it benefts d drawbacks .
First of l , celebrities are usully wealh , so the have an eaier life than ter people .
Luxurious hmes , as , expnsive clthes and other pleasures of lie ae then avaiable when peole become famou .
Moever , they trae all arond the wol a spend their holdays in expensive resorts , get the bst oel rooms and t mo effcien service .
On he other hd , lak of pricy is a maor disadvantage in a famou person 's lie as their personal lie 's bundaris r contanty trespassed by paparazi ad journalsts .
Bsids , the mr he succed , th more thi fas expect of them to aieve .
Owing to this state of constant stress , may of th are boun to have alcoholism poblems , drug - addition an dpression .
In cnclusion , fae y be nice but it 's not an easy pat to walk on .
You hve one but you do no feel safe , u hae friens b you n never be sr if thy lke you or your money .
Hello John ,
I 'm rell gla to spnd six mnhs in te UK , but it 's really important to pla my ys in ordr to have a good te .
Fis of all , I uld like to work r at least the months in a anguge chool in London as Italian teacher .
In thi ay I 'd had the chance to know diffrent people from all ove th orl and at the same time I 'd rn some money to visit th city and the castles of England , where many historial batte ere foht .
I was wondring if you do n't mind asking arund if a schol is looking r a art - time teacher .
After leain London I 'd love to do w oths of volunteering at a cldren hospital in York .
I rea in an ad on the iteret that ong people ar asked to amue sick childn and I 'd be relly app to tea them a smi !
Will o help me writing a striking urriclum ?
My sy is gig to onclud wt a trip I 've lwas dramed : he Cornwal .
I 'm meeting two friends of in in Bistl whee we 're renting a little c and we 're travelln without destination !
What do you hnk of my plan ?
I 'm looing forward to hearing from you !
Thank you for your advic , kisss !
It a been a hot , summer day .
Mihel 's parts were ot so it was the perfect excuse to hae an mazin party in the livin rm , even ough they forbid m meetig with friends .
When the igh fa and all the uest a arived , Mihael started to lose contl of e stuatio .
udenly , a deafening noise coming from he iing oom stpped te party but nobody ke wht happened .
Almost imedately he hous a empty , and usi turned off , letting Mchae realise that his grandmother 's vase valu in £ 2000 s brokn down .
s paents finally came back after three ys ut it was obvious th somthing was wrong .
Mical decided to blam th og for the unfrtunte incident and wen he tl his athe what ha happened automatically he u te og up for adoption as it ws n't the first ti , despite of Michael 's attets to aid him doing it .
Oce they d arried to the sheer he faml started to sa goodbye to e dog crying out ou .
Wthut looking back and gettg no he car , Michael closed he oor and knew at tat moment he hd ae a misake .
I wuld like to apply r the 12-month Internship Programme ( Marketing and Clint elatins tem ) at IC as advertised on th Cmbridge Careers webste .
This position il alw me to gain an insigh nto the ase mangemet indutry .
T reptation for tability and consistency and th global leadership in mezzanine finance a my ain reasns for pplying to ICG .
Being awarded te " Private Equity Awards : Deb Firm of h Year 2013 " by Fnncial News hs urther confirmed my deir to wok o ths leadig aset manager .
I am very interted in wrkng in the financial markets .
aving livd in ur different ites ( Bghton , Londo , Manceser a Cambridge ) in he UK , I have become oe flexible to n environment and en to acpt e chllenges .
In dditio , I believe my international exposure and fluency in Englih , Mandarin and Cantonese will be an invaluable asset to te ompany .
ien my song academic background a my leadership experiences at univeity , includig the completion of Mnchester Leadership Progrmme , I bieve I am a strong candidate for this position . I ecose a cpy of my CV nd he very muc to be inited r interview .
Of course sh was really afraid , because if h acepted tat ob , she would ae to mv to Ne Yo City .
S ha dreamed of living there snce he was a lttle gir , but s also realized at she wll leave l the popl that she ard aut .
At is point , no one kne that she did the interew and the intervewer told her tha the job was hr .
Not even r boyfriend new but tis , and s felt ashamed because deep insie h , she d knew tht he will fel betrayed ad proaly he did n't wat to be wth her anymore .
Bt if she id n't ake this jb , h would rert it her whole life , a ive with that ws something se a not willing .
So , she picked up ll he stuff , left a note , an teafully clsed h oor .
S thought th she could have done things different , u it was o ae to chang them .
I am riting to you regarding yor jb advertisement .
I would like to appy f a position in any of yr summer camp in e USA .
I am a ery energet , hardwrking , caring , tolerant , fu to be with 30 yrs old woman who loes spending time with children .
Furthermore , as a former cout I ae necessary skills in ogaizing diffrnt sports games d I am familiar wt id rage of evening tivities .
In addtin , as a mter of 8 n 12 ear od bs , I av a ast knowledge of chiden 's psychology and am an excllent cook .
Bsies , while bing as an exchange tudent in te SA dung my school year , I have iprved my English speakng and communiation kils .
Rgarding e living rragements , as I understa , food a accommodatio are provided by e summer ap .
I will be mre than happy to pay fr my i tickets .
It would be my pleasure to vist the tats gain and ae art in activies I njoed dong as a teeage .
An I am confident ta I would be a beneficial meber of your suer camp tea .
Looig oward to your rely , please fe free to k me an questions .
Best regrds ,
r Kashubin
Very ofen peop say " Fmiy is the most important thing in fe " or " My family is my biget support " , and I agree .
Whe something mportant hppens , the frst prson I will ll is a ember of my famly .
Bt th , evry one an a while , oe cn aso hear store of brthers fighting over the nheriance , or a parent not speaking to their chd for mkin a wrong life decision .
In the maorit of cass , memers of a famil hve the same blood nd genes n they also share living ace .
This reslt in common opinions , support when there 's a problem and mual understaning witout ny word .
On the othr hand , we tnd to have iher expectations and ss patience he it coe to ur loved oe .
The mmber of or famly in ded are yor st frends , u only if yu do n't take them or granted , if you respect hm and their space d opion .
One should also bear in nd that omtimes it 's necsary to copromise , especially when it comes to material or fiancial issues .
Once ou accet tht your sibing , although similar , is n't the sa as ou , or that your chld has a differt view on thir future , it 's easier to ebrac the dffernces an be a supportive family member .
An at e nd of the y , notig a be homemae comfort od a a laugh with yur family .
I have bn aske lat we to write a report about th bet places fo youg people in my are .
Those a my findings and my recommendations .
1- Fcts and Findings .
- T unialed place or you people is the muniipl center for youth .
This innovative cener has a o of first - cls facilities fr yong people .
It a a professional reheasal studio ha oal usic group ca jst en for poket oney , th can also rent instruments by pying a small refundable deposit .
A mal ciema , a library , games ros , a TV - room ith an enormous flat sceen TV here teenagers usually wach footbal matches , a bsc gym , an a little ren .
- T second es plac is a private disco or yunsters .
It was renewed last year and eulars lik it a lot .
Te main problem is the high pice of h tickets .
ds ave to a 10 uros just for the entrance getng ayting else .
- hre is another place whee loa youth spend a lt of ous the ew n magnificent mall .
It as 150 stors n about 40 fast ood shops .
hey esecially like the music toe an a manifcent t - irt store owned by two local designers , here o an esign your own itm and collect it h ollwing ek .
The r the main pacs whee young people usually go .
Dear ir / Mad ,
My name is usann hie and I would like to apply for te posion as a camp assistant averised on e Crash Magazine .
I will be on vacation fom Jy to September and I wod be ad to work again wit children .
w years ag , I deeloed a pojet cale : Or tlen fo Petry an Paiting , wihin an asociation for orienation of chldrn a tenagers .
Apart rom my experece in Arts , I also have been ding gnastics for t yrs ; thefore I am a sorty gir .
In addition , I believe I am suitable or tis poition because I ve the abilit to speak with people of different nationaliies in English and Frnch , and I am enthusastic about camping .
Enclosed I also ed the reference letters witte by he diretor and supervisor of the Talent roo Asociation , whee I worked with cildren , in oder to uppot my socal skils nd crsi mangeent competence .
I look orward to haing from you .
You fathfuly ,
Suanne White
T mportance of leaniness aound us is o undertood til it takes a tol on ur health .
An indivdual mst be are of te eult of s act on the environment , be it due to personal or professional a , in ore to maintain it in halthy state .
In Cyton , my hometown , peopl are fond of maintaining h envinment and they actively participate in encourging the os who try to work towards its progress as wel as in protesting against the os w ed to cause arm to it .
Te municipal board of Clayton onduts meetings fortnightly to communicate about the improvement ta ave been ade an that have be lanned to be implemente in ftre in he town .
Repreentativs elected by resective communities attend he meting .
It is then their esponsibilit to communicate th mesag to al members of their community .
hee meetings re organized according to their plnne schedule and h reslts were surprising .
Erlier , regardless of whether e ubbish was recyclable or no , it wa isposed ff in the sam n .
Lter , people were educated regrding recyclable , no - ecyclale n orgnic waste n er also informe tat the rubih was to be dispsd - off in reective bins .
hi rubbish a colectd by the muicpal bod on a daily bais a prope disposal method er emoyed .
Development a also hppening at the se me which was good or or on , but , los of trees er alo cut dwn as a resut .
People started protesting against them to vid a furter damage to the envionmnt .
ene , e muicipal bor decided to ivite the developers as ell in th meeting ht was sheduled in a wee time .
In th followig meeting , it was cided tt on e folloing Sunday eeryone will be pantin a tree ht will be provided by th municipl board fr free .
On the olowing Snay , as discussed , tre were plant ad before we realied , they sartd addin beauty to u town .
Tkin care of environmen is everyone 's duty and it ust be performed responsibly .
The uicipal board of Clyton des an excellent job in educating its people to kep the envionment in a halhy tate .
I hope people ms tke hem as an example n ntroduc imlar ideas in their own towns or villags .
Atr l , it is the lae we all lv in .
ne da Michael oke up from a strange drem , th ram ws fouse fom a aera tht w following a shad in front of it .
Everything was dar exept f a a of light ha prbably strted at te end of that w .
e shadow kept walkg d running from what ichael supposed it was a threat .
ichal s confuse , he did n't know why he a reame ha , he thugh it wold be beer to forget bot it so he stopped thining about hs dem .
That d Miche h to go to wr , so he ke up fm s ed d ent to hi bathrom .
Whe he s ready he took is keys and everting he needed , he ocked t do ad wn to his job .
He took h car nd dov to th at .
We he arrived at the building where he woked he to the elevator and when to his floor .
Sic he hd enered the building he ve had a strang feling , wen he arrived to hi office Michael clse t door and knew at that mont he had ade a miake .
Hi Jose ,
urther to our phone cnverstion of last eek , I woul like first to thnk o o ging me ti chance to ak to you , and folwing up on our discusion , plas ote ha we av been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to ge them u aximum disount to secure te dea as a lot of brokers we quoting it a ey competitie price which ery close to our os .
In lgh of te bove , ad as agreed I seek your kind hlp in approving the prie of $ 30.00 per ach to cose is dal in a safe ay .
Thank you and st regards ,
ohamd
Pter looked at i wat n knew tt he had to do something imediately .
He a in a dep forest n a young woman he had jus met was but to give brh to h chd .
eer had alredy clled an ambuance 30 miues g ut it seeme that ey old n't find them .
He new he h to do something in ts omet because otherwise something bad m happen ...
" Plea , do something . I 'm scared " sighed t woman who ne was Mindy .
Peer took u his mobile , dialed 12 a tld the dispachr abo at whole situation .
h dspatche ld Peter to calm down and check if he hd scissors , towel and water in his car .
Tn se rie to cam Mindy don ad helped etr to delve h baby .
The dispatcher tol him evry little thing he had to do .
After an hour Mindy was holdin her by- ir and Peter s tryng to ralie wht d jst happend .
" Nver would hv I thought ta I 'll go out of my hose and come bck as almost an accousher ... " thought Peter he he ws driving back me .
Computer 's have become an essential pr of our lves in the lt few decae .
Ty have replaced ay things ik books .
It is true tt because of computers , we do an thig st d aily .
owever , ey stopped us fro dng mny fun things as well , what ar tho things , do we really need computers , e the really hping us ?
We use computers to he us with so may differen types of things .
To begin with , thy hp us solve really complex mathematical equations .
Te were invnted to help us calculate thigs in the first place anyway .
Compers are an essential rt of NAS , since they ry to clculat rally omple equations to help he solve the mysteie of sace .
But us , ordinary people , do n't se omputers to sol equatins , we use them to type things , print things , esgn thing , ma game and to do much me ...
We mae prgras ha ak omputes do very interesting things , like graphics .
A we se graphics to me ll kinds of thgs , like games or 3D ous models that help enginees .
rthermore , he mjor thin that computers made easr f us is , communication .
Hmans are social animals , we communicate cause communication is in our gnes , if we do n't communicte we go isan .
So computers hel us do tht , ty hel us share or toughs ad feelings with other pople eaily .
Finly , while doi hs the actually save us from usin a lot of paer .
So coputers help us with so any tngs nd alo save tres .
In the other an , computers ve very ba effects on bt to us , and h envroment .
o example , research ha hown that not cmputers theselve , b the thngs we use or pla on hm re addictive , lke social netwrks or gams .
Also looking at a screen is tirng fr ur es a if ur eyes t oo tired hey a et damaged foever .
Depte th act that computs decreased h use of paper , they 're still harmful to the enironmnt since the conume tonnes of electrciy .
Computers made our lies easie without doubt , so it is nrmal that th have soe ad ffecs .
There is a saying in Trkish saying ' If you love a rose , you av to withstand agaist it 's spikes . ' .
So it is normal th computers have b effects on us and the environent .
In my opnio computer might be te bst ivention ever made , snc they 've become an esentia part of our aly lives and since we rel on them so muc .
To whom it may conrn ,
Lcil Marcelo
Lcil Marel a I hae e at seonday schol a we have bee friends for even years .
We have alo worked togeher in a kindergarten for some time and this yer we strted our studs in an institution in rdr to becoe primy teachers .
As a sult of hvin shared many experiences togeter , I ave ome to kow e a her abilities very well .
Lucl has prove herself to be extremely sincere and reiabl peson since I met r .
As a student , she is prsistent and hadworking as we as rspcted by teachers and students ecuse of her sympathy and kindness .
Lucila is t bggst out of sx siblings so h is ed to absitting childrn .
In t pt , he d some difficulty keeping her room at , but , as she has grown up , se a become a fa more disciplined ad tidy pers .
en we oked at the indergarten s s vy patient nd arng wth the childe ad as she was willing to help hm whenever the ha a prblem , even if at impled a wok for her .
I n cnirm tat she ad a special connection with the kid : sh wa admired by them , wo would spend a great ime wth her .
Lucila a been studyng English r fiv yers , n she is quie luent .
Meover , s h ben to a cap in Austaia in wich h s a coordintor of a goup of twent kids .
As a rult of h exerience , Lula has developed an incredible ability to solve any problem that ma arie .
Lucila s always wanted to ok wth chilren and she is itereted in a job that wold ao hel her develo hr ngish skills .
She wold undoubedly do an excellent j ad r the easns I he given I hae no hesittion in supporng her appliation .
Yours faithfully ,
Scools and working lif : a report
To the Italian eucation athorities
In this repot , I will decribe the schol system in my country , point u it laws n conclude giving suggestions bot ow they coud be addressed .
Th currnt ituation
In Ita , students have to decde btween grammar chools n tehical inttutes as thir secnday school te .
Most people think that choosi a ammar school is the bet opton , because it opens te door to niversiy , while technicl institutes a u in a crner .
Tt is tually a mistake , bcaus the schools who best prepare stdets to working life are technical institutes , wo emhasize h re world applcations of he studd ujects through laboratories and indusry experinces .
nversely , graar schools extremey focs on theory .
In fact , stdnts learn lots of forula ad princiles wihou actually liking them it one another in order to se te in el fe .
I tin ht problem sold be addressed .
Suggestions
What I would ugget in order to deal wh this probl is to itegrate me labratory expeience also in ramma schools , like cemistry exerimets or bactria oservatio wih micoscope .
Futhermore , schools shoul offer a yar in idusty for students in the last two yers , which wold t only teac hm a lo more tha school only would , bu it would ao attract more pele to the schol itself .
Cnclusion
People should get sd to the fact tat mst companies will also cre about your previous work experience , and the ide of gaining ha hrough chool wld be really appealing .
Dear Si or Madam ,
I am writing to aply for a position working in a summe camp in h A .
I am a native Spnsh speaker who h a vry good level of English n als I hav spent 5 years living in the Uited Kngdom .
I am a friendly , hapy , hardworking prso with a ot of energy .
I have hd 5 ars ' experience workin ith children as a language teacher .
I am ed to rganiing sporting eent an fun actvities f children a teenager ged between 6 - 19 .
In addition , I have experence orkin in restaurants during t ummr so I am ed to al types of kitchen duis including cooking a washing up .
I believe I would be te perct candidate r his posiion and I wuld be hap to attend a kype interview whenever is cnveient for you .
I am sure that it woud be a ery interesting ad halleging psiion d I would really enjoy th oppotunity to wk at your ca this summer .
I ok forward to haring fom yu in the nar futue .
Yours faithfully ,
Mis Theesa Anderson
Subjects that sould be tught at school .
Nody a argue with the ft at educatio is a relevant priod in t development of a child .
Laning nw languages is very important , but also studying subjcts elted to comuter an technology like comter programming is ecomig oe and or usefl tn acien langages like Greek or Ltin .
hs is beause tecnology ha become a relevant too fr or d std in particular an an important instrument in lfe in general .
It is quite edent that learnn ancet languges toda is ot as relevant as it is used to be in te past .
On one hd , it allows the students to undrstand an translate acient texts and elps them to arn about cuture from the pas .
On th other hand , thi de not bring too many mloyment opportuities .
Recent surveys poved that the study of the anguaes does not add mh to th sdents future sccess .
Reted to learnng computer programming , it uaantees a od living .
It is a nown fac that there are very few compur pogrammes .
Furthemore as technology chane more and mre , there will be a greaer demand of ese sils in h futue .
It is evident that technology is in every asct of our livs .
In conclusion , here are a lot of ubjects ta might be ught at school , but there is no doubt tha Comutr Progrmming soud be included as a higlihted subject in te syllabus of ay scol seios programme .
kay , so I 'm goig to tlk about One Direction .
I consir tem as my favrite ba since 2010 , ecaue I d te chae to t to eet hem wtching The X Factr 's episode were they auditioned .
hen I ws in middle - school , ba in 2011 , I noied that they had already released their first single called What Make You Beautiful , so I listened to it a oviosly fell in lo th it , and wt thei first album to , named Up A Nih .
Whe they droped ter second bum , I ws so excited about it and I waited like 2 hous on the ine of a music sop to get it . Years passed by , an I was still a fn of them , as I am w .
I ae been ollowin hem most 6 yers in a row !
I ca n't wait for tem to go bak to l the stges and arenas to sing , becaue I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tou no matter wa , as I did back in 2012 d 15 .
Groban : All that ecoe
' All that echoes ' , by Josh Grban , is the sixth studi album of ths American singer and sogwrier .
It conains tlve tracks to enjoy that y wait impatiently for the next sog .
That fascinaing lbm surprses ot only the varit of subjcts bu also e stngth of instumentl sounds .
Th frst sngle , ' Brave ' , is a chr - toppn sog abo emotions ch as fea nd fight .
The arrangements re sime and effective d t powerful voice plays harmoniusl with th rich sound .
It is bound to be at th top of my lit .
ale alarm , whic is the seco trc , is totally dferent and ysterious ecause of wealh of musical nstruments .
Groban ings el - knon rm the fil ' On " son called ' Fallin lwly ' in i wn fantastic way but lteners get ed to the first versio mih be disappited .
Musically satisfyng ' Happy in my hatache ' ells the str of tragic ov .
Once ain , Groban fasinate auience from all over th world th his mature voice and cachy tunes .
I definitely recommend tt alum to or collection .
It 's a must !
Onc po a time , in a arge town there lve a oung man h worke at a post ofie .
is in sk was to olect lettrs from abroa ad to hand them to E posten WHO RE in charge of DELIVERING te to THE addressees .
Thus , every day he d a chance to e where te leters am fom .
He DEVELPD AN INTEREST in REIGN COUNTRIES .
Besides , he als came to bein kn on lernig freign anguges so much so that he dided to nrll on courses of Frch nd Germn .
He became HIGHLY skled at wrtig in these lanuages and hi bility turd OUT to be ueful in i job .
One day , he ook part in a competition ineded for the selection of h had of e ps ffice where he wa stll working .
The RGE NUMER OF articipnts DI VARIUS EXERCISES , INCUDING a TRANSLATION no German .
When the exam as finshed , he wt out the room here the copetition ha en held .
Michae cloed th doo and kn at that mment he a made a mistake .
Dear i / adam ,
Th reason I am rting to you is po qulit of a food processr , whc I bought in yu tre w weeks ago .
fte usn w times , prblms started to apar .
I notced tht e fist malfunction ws safety ock which demanded applyng of grea force .
My wife ha to ask me for he , because se was n't srog enough to ush e afety oc throgh .
We discovered ht nother probe hen tried to us e blender .
I pu so ie cream and mik in he blender and pushed the " start " button .
It stard worng but suddenly got tuk ad we were unable to use it ine .
I was vr surprised to discoer tat may problems in a quite expensive mode .
aturaly , I returned h bender to you to be replacd wt a nw o .
Your assistant sai that I would have to wit only a week .
Aer tw week the food processor had still not arrved .
Finlly , four wks later , I was contcted by yur repesentative .
Imagine my feelings he I earned frm m that I ca n't recee h same mdl of fod prcessr as I bouh .
As a slution he offered hat upgrade my model to a better and this too wl take tw weeks .
I am ver disappointed with both he equipment and the service have I reived .
Therefore , I pect refundn my ull amount $ 10 as son as pssble .
Yours faithfully ,
ith
Dea Mr Cunningham ,
I am wriig to apply for t post of camp mnitor which I a advertised on t university website .
I am very intereted in it ecause I would like to boaden my experiece in activities wh chilrn .
ot only do I ha a big nucear fami who is made up by four iblings , but I ls ve a bi extene family .
Beide as I am the ldes brother , I am ued to eling with children .
Regarding my eperince , on the ne hand , I tae part in a occe club in uiversty , consequently , I hae om expeience working in a team .
On the other hand , I ave jt finished my first year in Pysica Education degree , where we played a lot of iferent sports .
It is tru , that water sports are t the most usual tere , however , I enjoy practisng them every summer on the beach .
Although I am Sanih n English is not my first language , I cn speak lently ecase my mother is Irish nd se always used to spak Enlis to us .
I el I wld be the erson u are ooking r becas I am patient ad aet .
These are te mo imporant skills when yo deal with chilren , due to de fact tha you ought to eep on the lookout f their behavor .
Moeovr , from my pon of view , children ed to focs their attention in a constant ativity , my sense of humour and crativity allow me to chang activties quickly in order to maintain thei attention .
If ou offer me the chance to join your team , you shall o be dsppointed .
I would appreciate a rey at your erlies convenience .
Please cntct me regarding any quere you may have .
Yors sincerely ,
Thse days , travelling by c is ecming ore popular amng uran people .
Ths knd of traspot is egaded as a covenint way .
Governmnt build moe roas ad more families e abl to afford ca .
As a resut , som people hol te opinion ha in he utur , there il be no publc transport .
However , I disgree wt this da .
Instead , I suppose that pblic transprt will play an esenial part in future life .
Ther are thr advantages of pbli ansport over priate cars hat I ant to explain .
On one hand , it is evirnmentally fredly to us public transport rther than cars .
Nowadays , buses uing eletronic powr inted of petrol ae appeared in urban cites .
Tey produce no gas to te air , leading to lite ai polluton .
In the eanhile , if peole prefe to take bses or subways , there will be es noises in the stret .
On e ote han , buses nd subways can accommoate mo passengers while a cr an nl contains 4 to 5 people totally .
Compad wt cs , public rnsport has laer capability of conveing , which saves ace nd costs ss .
Last but t least , fwer r acident will hppen if eople chos to use public transport so trafic jams wl be avoided especially in rush hours .
Thu , it wil be moe smooth and pleasnt for passengers to trave on e ro .
In conlusio , pubic transpot is a cost - ffectve ay or pople to travel , whch also cntribute to th sstainable development of socit .
" ducational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade studets fom ursing fils of study in wich hy are unlikly to succeed . "
The statement claims hat the educational intitutions are responible for onvining tuents o to put too much efot on fies or subjects ha he e ot good at , whh I can not gre with .
This statement fails to consider the main functn of eduation , which is ot training superstars or efect robos u teaching tudents o to face n slve e problems thy are confroted instead of cape .
Th esponsibility of education institutions should be heping and guiding udents to ak their own deisions , n maing ecisions f students .
Among various purpose of eduation , in my opinions , he mst imporan on is teaching students to olve prolems .
Confronting he challenging instead of turnig aside , trying to think of possible solutions instead of giving up at te beginning , always being posiive to unknw istea of negative ad retreating , all thee are th main reason hy h humankinds cn keep improving .
Tranferring thes knowleg and experiences to yung pepe is the meanig of education .
If the educational instiutins always stopped students om tying ju ecaue they hae ls chance to be successful , we 'll never hve people such as hoas Edon or bert Einstn , h were considrd as stpid kids in chol u d n't give up trying .
Convincing students to ae a more comfortable ro by gving up th possible risk is definitely n he proper attitde the educational institutin soul hae .
n may sggest that veryone need to ler to sess the rs before inves , hever , teching stuents how to assess not assessing f stdents is he resonsibility of ductional instiutons .
Truy that knowing one 's limit is t irst step of brining out the mximum vle of one 's tent .
It 's not sma to encourage people doing wt xceed their ability .
Nevertheless , t ability of idetifying limi of onesef ca be be learned from eperiences .
One wld never knw he / she n swim or not withou umpng io t siming pol .
The respoibility of the educational istitutions is to make sure ha he / h wo n't be in danger in the swimming pool instead of dissuadi him / h fo gting close to the water .
Educatina intitution should guid stuents to ave better el - understanding and elf - asessng , n persuading he to fllo the pre - decided road .
Las bt no eat , what is the definition of " ucces " ?
How do the educational institutions judge a student ein likely to succed or ot ?
Wt if a student would ather to do smethig he / she likes intead of he / h is gd at ?
o everyone is lving for t kind of succes whih mo pepl gree wth , such as wealh , fame or power .
o some peopl , liing a lfe which enable hm do what the like and like what they ae oin is enough to be considred as a successul lfe .
They might not be the top , bu they are self - actualed d stisfie , and only in uh situation they ca provid most to the word , just like Albert Einstein a si , " y n to becom a man of sucess b rather to become a man of valu . "
Considerng all the above , I can t agree with e sttemnt that persuading student no to pursu fed of study in ich they have ss possibility to be successful is the esponsibility of e educational institutions .
In my opinios , t purpose of th education is to teach n uie studnts hw to fing the problems a mkig the ow deiion properly , not force them to accept what have alredy been arraned or them .
Contribution
The most popular TV proramm in ermany is definitly th news programme " Tagesschau " hch is airing about tre times a day on th channel " D Erste / ARD " .
It is a news programme bas on ell researched ats and offe a wide range of al h imortant informtion o nee .
Every now and he tey eve ai an exra reorage on a crtin field like h European election or the criis in th Ukraine .
The main reason f t populrity is its accurcy and funded rsarch wih makes it mre reliable thn other new pogrammes .
Moreover hy t to be interesting for al ges so they pst on facebook n titer as el which draws the attention of t unger neration to the programme .
Nevrtheless they always nfom abou he laest ws on their websit and in teir TV sho as soon as pssibl a in addtion te ive a gat oeview of te necsary bakgrund informatin you need .
In my personal opinion I strogly believe that his TV pogramme earns ts popularity .
The w they present themselve in the mei and h wel funded research r truly unique in German new progammes .
Although I am rarely tching te show on TV I ike the way he e trying to keep up wit moer technology a hat hey ae always aking boring nes so vvid interesting through short vie clips , picturs nd heir coice of words .
If you ver get to watch TV in Germn y should defnitely ry out tis interesting nws programme .
Dear mma ,
I was so gad to rd our ltter abo you ew j .
Hw is it ?
Have you g friendly colleage ?
Do you g lng with ur suerior ?
as summer I finly managed to change my brng ob and ha ty clothes j f a better oe .
I woked at th loa cima whre red ws also workng .
It was amazing !
We 'd e tere at aut hf past eiht evr ay and started cleaning the main oom and proceeding th the smallr roms in h ciema .
It as a t of fun mainly bease it was st us two .
We 'd make jokes and chase each other wt the brooms , tying to smack the the on e ea .
e main adantage of wokng at th local nema w the fe popcorn and gttin to enjo h newest films .
We o to see te new Bond movie and also te blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
My j ws claning te cnma , but Fred 's main resonsbility was to roll e oies r the lients , so I 'd make sure I finshe cleaning earlier , so I could enjoy waching movie with him .
Bt noug abou me ! Tell me about o !
Hve you fialy sked Mrk out ?
I ca n't wa fr u to answer .
I 'll ite soon !
Love ,
For last ten years Michael h be woing in a ell - kno comay in Ldon as an accoutat .
He did like is job u as we all kw , someties people suddey fee th ha to chang something .
They do n't know exactly what they houd do , wat to change - buy a e pai of shes or mayb do something more - oe to a differen ci or ven to a freign couty .
Mchael ad exactly the ae problem .
On da he woe up much earier than used to .
He prepad a offe for himlf and turne he TV on to watch he nes .
He sat on a sofa in front of a television ad uddeny he realised he fact tt every mornig ws xctly the same , othng has changed snce su many years ! "
I wo n't stand it y loge " - he thought .
u what to do ?
A czy idea came to his min .
Sinc Michael a a chi he has alays drem of oing to Ausraia , where he oul ractse kitesurfing for l da long , meet open - minded people , chill on a sady beah ad drik a oo Australian alcohol .
" Why should n't I give myself a chance to me my dreams come true ?
Peope hve only n lfe , not more ! "
At that moment he was prety sure hat to do now .
He tok a heet of paper n a pen and strted to write .
Afte 10 minutes a resigntion ltter s ready to bring it to icael 's os .
He arrived on te compay as qikly as the crowded London 's strets llowd i .
" I nd to talk to bs " - he said to Jne , h main sertary of e company .
Without waitg for her answer , he jut nt to the office , gave to ike , his boss for 10 years , an envelope with a resintion leer and lf .
It a tok aout 3 inute .
Michel closed the dr and kew at that momnt he d made a mistke .
Soetimes we do things we do n't want fr no apparent reason bu some other tmes we know exactly were we ar gting to .
Michael had cheate on hr ad he did it consciously .
There ws no way to shine a ifferet liht to that fact .
He tie in his mind to go back to that moment , wen h lips were ettng cosr to Jane , to that ls lok efore the embrace , to the preous smile .
hre was no o es to blm b him .
egrt had be filling up i soul since last Friday .
He could not keep his betrayl inside any lnger so he enterd te living oo an tol her .
The wrds coming up from h muth like a ltany , alost mechanically as he elized that there was no turning ac .
Tars ran down Rachel 's fae .
No word , t a sing comment .
S just stoo up , tk er purse , nd eft .
Th relieve of telig her w instntly replae by a btter hollowness .
He now realized .
He did n't do it for her , he oy did it r himself , to get d of hs urde but it was far oo at .
ihael cosed the oor d ne at hat moment he had made a miake .
The Beautful am
Gliz , lmour and popularity ; three words which are oft liked to the wor of footal and is sport in no dubt ne of h finst th ma a ceatd .
he stars playing ths am d to the alrey masse recgniion of t sport .
eeknds wold be a drag if mtch days were not on televsion .
Th 90 mintes is he most enjoed time of the eek though because of th adrenalin rush hat is associated with ver ting that is dne on the pitch .
As a fan supoting a team is js o prt of e sort .
Rivaris , arguments on whic team is the bettr team and watchng mates in a group st ds to te excitement .
Tes ar js some of t man things that make me ove hi sport so much .
In the st century , advice is somhing that is only given ad tat give advie is never tan .
With egard to hi sport y dvce in my opinion is a good advice a I ave just a single adie for a perso tartng is sport d tat dvice uld be to enjoy everythin related to t sport .
Nowadays students ee to learn oh lnguae and mahemtics unil go to univesty , even some of tm still need to stdy them in the university .
A larg umbe of examples roe that some of them are good at language whereas otrs e skilled in mathematics .
hs essay will discuss e dffernces and similarities f lening a language n learning mathematics .
The as of learning a langug and mahematics are iffernt .
or studin a langage , people need to omunicate with thrs to improve thei peakin n listening levels and read vriet of overseas book to increase their reading ad writing skill .
Furthrmore , people need to have a go memory to remember a larg nmer of ords .
In genera , studying a lnuage focuse mr on a large account of idividual effort and little aent .
However , fr learnin mathematics , students ed to lisen carefully in the clas a fnd some rules to olve qestions . Instead of rote learning , tey shud ememer diffeet types of frmlas by prcticing in a mass of xamles .
To sum up , tacher , ills d tant are me important for learning mathematics .
Hoever , there are some imilarties fo those tw subjts .
Firstly , oh hse curses ned to do a mass of patices , evn the ways are different .
Pepl ed to spend a huge account of tm on doing exercise after lass .
Secondly , asociability is imorant f both languags and mathematics .
or eample , when peopl learn a ne rd or a fmula , tey ned to think about o to use it in real sentence or exerises .
In cocluson , pepe nd to find a rig a hich cn save much ti ad ergy to study these two subjects .
It is h most important thing tht ty should hink abut carefull befr the tar their sudy .
Shnzhen - Chna 's larest irant city ad a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remakble ace that I call me .
Ms Shenzhen residents come fom different cultul bckrounds and seak vaiou regina dialect .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superrdnate Shnzhen ideniy , which is charactrized by a culture of opennes , tolerance , and reativity .
Our diferences , it seems , do no ak a differec .
However , the you I oon discered that some dmensios of difference do cay soci significance .
As a chi wh i not play wit " ys ' toys " and identfed as gay later , I wa often subjected to disdain and hostliy from peers and aduts .
Ironically , the marginalization cms not nly from society at arg , b also ro within he g community .
A femnine gay man is onsiered as sser ha i masuline counterpart , because fmininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , d seod - clas .
Ti experienc of amplified minority stress prompted me to tnk abot inergrou ad intraoup interaction early in life .
It has led me to believe that asculinity sold not be an idicator of individual wot .
Nor should seuaity , skin color , n ther identity markers - whether visible or invisibl .
Anna knew that s gin to be a ve specil a for r .
Tat mrnng e woke up in a vry good mood .
It was the day of he birthda , so she decided to go out wth friends .
he chs little , cosy restaurant nar her huse .
h d not suect that it wl be such a wondrfu evening .
As soon as Anna and her friends came into restaurant everything arted to go perfect .
Then all t secal clths and resse up in colourful , old - fashined dresse .
The mont the door pned s t most xciting in nna 's life .
he jmed r joy .
e id to friends : ' This is best paty ever !
Tan you so mc ! ' .
She stare to dance ih double Presley , luh and appreciate every single minute .
As it urnd out atr , to Anna 's surprise , it was e boyriend dressed as Presley .
She was mbarrased that she i not ecgnise h .
Bt immediately he reize tat it was one of her riend ' icky plan and she tarte to aug wi hm .
Aftr a w excing hours of e pat she ai thank you to e friens ad boyfriend d promised he wil never forget wh the di f he .
S en to see with belif tht s is the happiest gir in the world .
h Alambra
Te lhambra is a beautiful paae whch is situated in Granda , in the souh of Spin .
I hisrical importance li in the fc tht ts place represents the all of the Musli kiddo in my coutry .
The Catholic Monarchs , Isabella an Ferdinad , ha tie for seera years to defeat th muslis , ho at this time , only remained eated in e ty of Ganda .
The Alhambra Palace was the redence of Boabdil , he lst Musim king , ho was efated in 1492 after deliving Granada to te Ctolic Monarchs .
Nowadays , is place is one of the most visited places hee in Spain because of it beauty and is ipresive coutyards .
You a se the hstry of te Reonquets in s wals a towers .
It surroundings are also wonderful , an the city ivites you to spend mre ime in the Alhambra , one of the last Musli paaes in the wr .
Hi ul ,
How are o dong ?
I haven't sen you for almost wo months but , as o knw , on ovembe I had a one of a kind possibility to help at a concert that ook pla on aport rnwy d it was impl amazing experience !
I 'm sure yu do know th I 'm obsessed wt ck music an that is why I culd n't is the boat .
An event started at 7 p.m. but ll h vluneers who had signed a ontrat had to work fo 8 a.m. Everyhig s to be pefect during such evet so we hd no te to relax or eve t a dece meal !
h whole process of selling te tikes was fascinating because of te demand for them .
People lood like aggessie monstes and I reaisd tha they are close to ill their evry single ' rival ' .
Surity ards a a l of or to do bu thans to te we stan a cace to al with oher roblems , as for example regulating the ality of sound .
I wa incredibly verjoyed when t culmination cae .
A and was laying , we ere ejoyin music nd it seemed tht there will be no more cmplications .
at you actually think in such an extraordinary oment is th if could n't be more beautiful .
Ta cre , Paul .
When yo ome to my town , we 'll go o to a rck concert tgeher ! Ca n't wa !
Warm rgards
Adam
Hi au ,
st a qick answer to yu reques .
I do n't have much ti , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at anothe concert .
So , the dal is , I met this guy in te bar , n , nd we started talking .
Ater a ew drinks I told him tt I 'm curreny lookig for a ob , nothing bi , jst a cople of ous dung ekends to gath some money for my journey to Netherland .
emembr , I ld you about it last time , when we met Jen .
Anyway , it turned ot that te guy works in this agency , hey organise concerts , paties a stuff lik at , and he oferd me the o !
The perfect n !
It 's literally 10 - 15 ours on Fridas nights and Saturdays , stuff ik carrying instruments ( which mas hanging out ith musician ) , tyding aer ( finding things , like wllets nd cellphones ) n generally seaking - helng .
Last eek I orked most tme wt te manger of h Kooks .
I wet to Krow and spent ll day " planning " hir stay in Poland .
In ac I h to be everywhere with he u , just hangig and helping h not to ge lst in e ciy .
He 's a really nice gu , durig the concr we hd a few drinks , smoked some ag tgther .
I ell yo , I meet so many people noways that I do n't even emember their names .
e alay is nie too .
Usull I get 12 L per hou ( ea , I kno , It 's like 2,50 pond , but ee it 's uie good ) u soetimes I get some exra ney or staying ate hou or when I do soethin unusual to help .
Lat tm it a for example delivering my dun bos hme ;)
I ve to go now .
Tke care ad cal me on kype tomorrow - I 'll tell yo so muc more , I have plety of unbelievable stori !
Ches ,
Aek
Peter looked at hi wat and kew that he h to do sometin immeiately .
He sai to hmslf : Wat hve I done ?
y have I killed him ?
I 'm a cemist I ca n't kll popl beasue I wanted to .
He ha to ae the ma 's body and hid it somewhere .
The plce w go na come in any time .
He grabbed the body a put it on h ca 's runk .
He went to s a and showed is partne e dead by .
His partner said : Man , we have to do smeting nd quik .
They grabbed te body and soaked him on fuel .
The they wt to t dead a 's c ad p him in thee .
Later , when hey ee ur that ere ee no one near they brned the c .
The killers partner fe guilty for a mmnt but then the killer told him : ' He earned it .
He trid to il me after kiling ot of othe pepe . '
Sddly t poli found out tha it w them .
Thanks that te judge 's best ried had be kille by the mn h chemist klld so hy went out free n witou bad feeling .
A mden interpetation of Austen 's Classic Love Stry
The glorious orl of Jane Auten is brougt bak to th silr scren in Pie & Pjudice , a 2005 British film bsd on the novel of t same tile , puished in 18 .
Joe Wrgh irets this uplifig aaptatin , which depicts te fve Bennet sisers , who have een brouht up to et maried .
he enthusiastic ad clever Elizabeth tands ou among them striving to pt evryting in a broadr perspective .
Hower , their hle lives ill be turned upide on when an elgible bachelor and his friends set up he in a cloe mansion .
Surprisingly eough , sparks fly when spirite Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knighley ) meet sige , ch , nd pou Mr. Darcy ( atthw Mcfaden ) .
A in all , will each n be able to overcome their n pride a reudice ?
Ker Knightley , in e lead rl of lzabeth Bennet , delivers an otstading performance .
In fac , e film , ll cst rom t to boto , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a se of beutiful English ocations , as in any British productions .
In this adaptatin , he screenwiter maks ome substantial alterations to t ovl .
Therefore dialogues , settings as well as politenss , costumes and hairstyles are mant to gve it greate pubic apeal , scriicing historical accuracy .
Thu , overlapping dialogues e introduce in a mixture of mden idom and archic sentce structure , several scnes ave en shifted to me romantic settings , ad the proximity of the Bennets to ther rul life is stressed to illustte teir eltive povery in contrast with he rich chrcters of the tory
To conclude , Prid & Prejudice is an amazing adaptatin which completely bewitchs o wh an exquisite bld of emotion and t .
In at , in its final minutes , it makes yu believe , f one misty - eed moen , in true love n in order eining in the universe .
By the ay , if you haven't seen his romatc , funny , ll - acted and well - scripted film yet ; give it a ry !
Dear Sr / Madam ,
I am witng in ord to apply for t poiion in your Fm Cu o student of English .
I am 45 yers d man and I ae pley of exerence in working with people .
I used to ork wih young people in primary and scondary schools teaching Spanish laguage .
Althugh I sill have not passed the E exam I am currently working hard to fulfil the oa very soon .
Above all I am ineresed in fils .
Science fictin are my avourie te of fls ecaue I lie to leave hind norml life nevertheless , I enjo all kis of he such as comedis , thrillers , estern , horror ilms and even silent films .
I tik I am rih o the postin eause I hnk I ca boost the motivation of the people about moie an psh them up to share their partilar oint of view .
As fa as the jb is ccern workin on Monday and Wedneday evenig old be perect for me bease I am currently unemployed .
Please feel free to ask for further information if yo ned it .
I look forward to hearng rm yo very soon .
ours fithflly ,
ua
Dar ames ,
Thank yu for accepting our invitation to ive a tak at our lub .
Our club members are hriled knwing tat an internatonal sports star lie you is oming to s te .
In referene to the peech date , t bes would be Jue 12 in the evning , hen all the mmbes will av finised tei classes at school .
Te children ar aged beten e nd sxeen and ey enjy layig football and swimming .
I 'm sure we 'll all enoy your speech .
What bou talking abou fair ay at sport and how to becme a sports sta ?
We beeve at fair pay is a very imporan toc because chldren must learn to behave proerly when playing a spot .
Also , we tink that becoming a sports star is difficlt nd it would be a goo ia to lk out it beuse some of the clu members wrongly think it is easy to suced playing a por .
Looking orward to sein u on 12 June .
Kid rgads ,
hn
I love to wrt .
It is a mthd I us to eax , uwin and rviv myself .
Our mind is lways full of toughs .
Some of these thoughts make us smile , some frown .
But a these ae addressed thrgh writing .
Writing should be done naturally ; only hn it serves its el purpos .
I he written many poems , few rtcles n even a e storis .
It is certainly a plasure to wrie and also reang what I have written , afer a ln time .
Many times reading my wn pos a article is a surprisig expeiece . "
Am I te same person who wrote ts ?
" I k myelf , wonering how did I coe up ih some ideas and wrd that sem ust so ood and ucommon right ow .
Othe than self , I have had few pople readng wa I ve wrien ; very w , I must say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critcs or experts .
So , I hv e to submt myself to some serious critiism ( wl , calling my wrtngs literature is a huge jo in itsf ... anay ) ; t s , I wuld like to lace my written works ( hwever small and w thy may be)r qualitative disussions in front of pople who really a identify the good nd t ' t - so - good ' writing .
I would lk getting ood vice about hw can I make yslf a better wite .
e 's e hen n ho that ppens ... !
It 's er cmon to ar pele talking abot friendsip , but e we sure about t real meang of it ?
Do we know what does it ean to be a friend ?
Fisty we ogt to consir at friendshi is not uniquel a human emotion .
Frendsip is overall an acto of will .
Friendship is a tpe of oe ich is characterized by bei incondicional , reciroal , and rady to forgive each other .
A friend is a easure , as e tie of that adventure - comedy flm , soebod y can shae ou problems ith .
Somebd who listes to yu talking about your dreams and wishes , your xpctations n your efforts an sacrfies to e em , our plans fo the futur , and oreove pays special attentio on times of cris .
Thi is w the mbers of my family a my best riens .
My family loves me whatever I think or whtevr I do , no matter if it is coret or not .
They lov me jt becau I am me , fr wh I am .
Thy are alas ging to tell me h truth alhouh this truth could hrt me , bcase they always at me to be happy .
inally , he warn me of dnger but they let me do , evn if in t ed I 'd make a b misake . he 'd eep always coe to me and ither would al .
They fel happy when I am apy , the are sad hen I am sad , they eno themselves with my ucces .
hy a , definitely , my best friends .
The ainting is an amang oe and one hould definitey ak a look at it in ode to appreciae is full beay .
Th Mona Lisa is perha Leonardo aVinci 's mot famous of paintigs .
It is an o painting , pinted on poplar od .
The painting is most famous f the smile of he wma , which peope have been trying to decipher f a log time .
Mny belive that th portat is that of DaVinci hmself , while many also plac a lot mystic connections ith this painting .
The porrait epicts a woman 's bust , wt a distant landscape tat is visble in the acdrop .
Leonardo ud a pyramid esgn to install te woa in a simple and calm manner within the painting .
T woan is sho with her han folded , with her bras , ek , and face paited h same colr as her hands .
Th light is diffus so at the various cures and geometrical saps on e painting are de visible thrgh it .
eraps he most intresting thng about t painting is the woma 's smile .
Many believ that it is inncent and inviting , ile others elieve it is hat of smuess and is a mirk .
May scientific studes have ben undertkn to determie te exact ntur of h sile and the real reao reans a mysery .
It is elived th evry person sees he smile differently because of the changes in the lighting tha Leonard preseted .
he wmn is own sete in an open area , a beid er is a vast andscape , which recedes to an icy mountin .
So winding paths a a fa away rdge is also perceptible in th bakground .
The painting is an amaing e ad ne should definitely take a look at it in order to apprecia t full beauty .
Te paintin is currently on display at e usee du uvre , in Paris .
Oe he pa f year , t Internet has become an imortat part of ur lve .
We use it to commnicte with fries , to play gmes , to ath series , the lit is endless .
Unfortnately , it is not perfe .
Becse e re pepl s the Internt , t greater t cnces r of pople misusing it .
Luckiy , he governent intervee to preserve the saey of th Internet .
ht it comes dn to is , shul t Internet be oe tightly controlled by governmets ?
Without he interference of e government , criinal ay se tei chances to ta advantage of internet uer .
They cold t ino ur computers a sal our information .
Th uld use hat information to get ino ou bank accounts and stal ou mony .
Howevr , if the government were to monitor th citizens actins re closely , it wod be considered an invasion of our pivcy .
Nooy wants to have thir private da to be xposed to th ye of the governent .
This brings me to the next iue .
The reason why the government eve tk action is to ensure people are abe to njoy e internet , but a or tightly controlled inteet would destroy that puros .
Everybody kes to hve e freedom to explore the interne .
So ty wold not appreciate it if there were sudenly restrictions put on them .
To sum hing up , h govrnmet should nt control e internet mo tightly .
It is fi e wa it is rght ow .
That y , the most of the troubl would be et ay from t inteet while at t ame ti , the inernet users wuld till hav t feeom to explore the we .
A pepl born iolnt or do hy ecome violent beaue of h te are brogh up ?
How d we become the person we are ?
Is there smehing that makes us unique ?
Is it he ges we ae orn wi ?
Or are we a poduc of our on ives ?
It is cla that gen ply a ver important part in the person we are .
Family characteritics such as ye nd ir colour ae inheried by childr from their parents as well as some diseases and mental disorders .
Therefore , what we need to conider is wheter u personality and personal skil are brn or made .
ose who ld tat ntue a a srongr ifluece than urtur on devloping our personl idetity wil laim at certain persoality raits a lo determined by ur genes .
Nevetheless , dentical twins tha were separated when they were vey you d hve been raied in different environments show differences in their personalities .
This provids evidence that life experiences n surrounding hre y rw up have efind he kind of persn o ae tday .
Regarding persnal skills , there a a lage number of cases in which chldren were brn giftd for th same field as their parents having great otential for a spcific at or science since early chidhood .
However , natre es n't lways edw us with nborn abilities .
For nstnce , parents tend to instil hei own passions in their children n , consequently , thy wil liely be interested in te same aademc or ristic field .
According to hs fact , parents ofe shape thei children 's lives ncourging the to flow in thei footsteps .
Likewise , some people p their ucces in life down more to the parent 's training tha to their innate talents .
So , to conclude we wud av to argue that th nature and nurur ake us h we ae .
As I s it , persna identiy is e result of th neraction of our netic structure and the environment which surrounds us .
Te problem is o to seprte tse two influences and how to find ou which the stronst is in ea cae .
ear ra !
Thanks a o f your ettr .
It was fun to read as lwys .
Your new friends sem to be crazy guys , in a god y , of core .
I w so surprised to ear you igne up for a new interior design course ecause it 's such a oincidenc ta I 'm plnnig to do someing with my eroom in the na future .
As I 've got som extra oney at las , I think It 's ig tim f me to hink how to mae it coy nd comfortable .
I hope you do n't mind if I ask you some queston .
First , I thik about painting he was in warm colors ( prico , salmon or arm bege ) . I thought you migh a some more interesting coos to te lst .
Do u ink a wall mural is a go decision for t beroom and wat oth « specal effet » woul o ecommnd ?
I completely rely on our taste as we 've aways een on the same wavelength .
Now , the tughst qustins . I 've go no clue what to do with th ceiling .
Te ida of painin it wte seems too boring to me a I 'm completely out of my depth ih al this new sff for ceilngs in shops , but I 'm ur you 're an expert !
Th loor is also a poble .
I wan it to lo beutifu , be ey to wash a t expensive at the am time .
I 'm wdering wat you wod suggest .
I hop I do n't botr yo o much with my edecoation , knowing h busy y are .
Ca n't it to hear what you 've en up to this weekend .
l e best
atash
CONVENIENCE IS O THE MOST IMPORTNT
Nowadays , evy one of us travels a lot .
We do at for wrk or to final g a rs .
I , as a young women , sualy travel just as a hob .
Since te technoloy h improved in recet yar , we now have a huge variey of diferent ay to ravel .
Is it posile to choose which one is t best ?
The most cmmon answe oud be probably e plne .
There a so many advantages .
It is e fastest and he st comforabe one .
Of course , r tese aciliies o have to pay a lt of money n tht could be a prolm o some pople .
Te next oe is ot .
It coud also be rely comfotale but we do n't s it often .
It 's mor fo exoic trips .
Traelling on a boat for ue is a gret adventure .
t there is lso an inconvenience - it is als expenve .
A it is hard to pla a trip lik ths .
What aot the train th ?
This is he bst option fo me .
In my country trins are n't eally fast and there could be problems durg e rip but that 's for me makes it more interesting .
During the tip o can do ay tings - om sleeping to meeting ne peple ad making f .
It is aso qite sae so you do n't ae to woy about the accidents .
I wsh I cold travel every dy .
The tri is an adventure and the ways you can travel are a big part of it .
Even thogh a mode of transportaion is o ad , fo me the train is e best otin .
back in 20 , I traveled from Poro Alegre to o Puo by ca , a orse ht took 18 hours driving straight , suey vy f peope would conser it conveient .
cars are handy nd rivng can be leaant , t oy when the drier is in good mo , wit no traffc as or caters on the oa ( really common ituations in Brzil ) .
ince ancient times ist public trasort , and it sufere nmeous attempts of assassination , in Chn f example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at ha age , charrits ) because of er ha Hn people could plot d riot againt mogo 's dictatorship in it ; te stuatio inveted at early socialist regime he , in 10 , Mao consdeed prsonal cars as instrument of orssion n ymbol of devilish cpitalism .
Of course , none of these radical meaure st lo gainst the er basic human instinct : laziness .
we hae cas so we do n't he to ak , in te am fashion , peop who ca n't affd a r wil wt public tansport , een if a bike could be h solution .
The convenience has itlle to do wth t ft of public transport , countries wt hi HDI(convenience to be drivers ) , lk Geran and England , are those wih beter pubc trnsport system , nd tey ar vn bsting it .
Unless se extraordinary mutation happes n change us to some labor - lovrs , personal cars and publc transport will rue sd by side for all etenity .
USA SUMMER CAMP APPLICATION .
Hi ! My name is Alexa , I am twey - three ears o and I live in Aretina .
I am a lawer and I loe to travel .
I play hocke ad basketba , wo sports th re simpy perfect .
I ha been learin English for a while , I am ensitive and psitive person , ful of energ and wling to have new adventures .
I have eperiene at taking care of hildren and it is a task at I eally enjoy .
What I fancy he ot of beig wt oug children is e nergy hat they hav a w innocent a peaceful h can be .
I think I might be a suitable person fo the job because I have aledy work wih kids , especially at teahin nd hing un .
As I have alreldy sid , I pla sports that is why I could be hlpfu at organiin sports d evenig activiti .
d lat ut no last , I am an xcllent coker .
I learned ow to cook en I s ght , so I am rett much confidente and wel prepared .
ctually , my fily is he so I can cook big amounts of ood with my n recipes whc are tasty and uckly in rder to fed al he kids in a limpe .
If you get to hire me you woln't regr it .
Yur Faithfully , Alxi .
The diaram vidly sho us the press of makng bankig notes .
h rcess can be divided into three section .
bove all , it 's a significant step to make a good desgn , in wih bacground colour , artwo an secury are he main considerations .
Te it comes to the preparaton of metal plates an that need killed machinists .
Only after all he ok above is completed , an printing sep be carred ou .
The second secti is printing .
Ech het contains 50 bank ots .
Tre may be everal colurs on both sides of an ntes .
To make sre of the prntng effect , special ink s to be us .
Besides , The image c be slightly risd .
After printing , there is muh mo work to be doe .
The ms importat se is inspection manually .
Afer that , god quality sheets and bk nte separated from patialy aaged eets ill be packaged and distributd .
Bad shets and bank notes wll be seuely destroed .
ntrodction :
e aim of this rport is to give some formation about e age of exciting activitis that peope can do in our area .
Water sports :
There are ls of places where o can do water pots lie scuba diving , indsuring , urfig , go on a banan u , kayakin … he Cost Brava is the perfet place to do water spors because ter is a lot of wind and good weatr .
Winter sorts :
In winter ou ca go kiing or snoboarding in the Pirieus .
The e near to rance and Andorra .
There are lots of ski stations with od ski slpe of diferent levels with different coours , the greens are he easist and bacs ar the most dificult .
Mntmeó :
In Caalonia there is an important rae track whr te cars of Formula 1 ce .
he tere is n't n race you can go and ry diffent racing cars or if yu wan you cn go and ace a bke on the ae track .
Conclusion :
To um up I tink tht if y wn to do excting pors Cataloia is a od place her you can find ls of different spots n you can cose wa to do , but if o do n't wt to do spor you can do nother activtes or go on interestn pacs .
Michael had already woken up wen his moher 's alr clc stated rngig .
He got up as uetly as he could an wate until he stppd hearin his mother talking to hersef , which meant e had hade to the kitchen .
Michael knew his mother had anned on baking a cake .
He hid near th door , hee he oud watch for a chance to t the ceam without being noticed .
He watd f at seemed like an eerniy until he a her leavi the ktcen with ichael 's father 's breakfast .
It was s chnc .
' I must kee an eye on te door ' he muttered as he entered . '
If e finds out I as here , e 'll kil me ' .
Michel tried the cream nd thoght tat he mother oud n't notice it if he ate nother bit . '
After l , ha I had w so infinitesimal that I cou baely taste it . '
Beor he coul notic , te ream w all gone .
It was im to ecape , vn though his mothr ould fid ut w at it eentually .
Michael closed te door n nw at that momt he had made a mstke .
Chapter 9 : e KM-3J : The second conrontatio
Tt night he ime lew by , b things started to ge weird , Marcus was talking with an Autralian guy aot the pros tat he had fond related to dinosaurs , he was interesed in them , ut Marcus did n't lk is point of view about thos pecies , the guy tod him they were bad retures with no feelings , nd Marcus thought ty ere awesoe and te most lovely creatures he had never heard about , the guy thought Marcus wa crazy , so he flew rom th Fdral Palace .
Meanwhi , ark d Michael were talking wth Russian ladies , they wee beautful and flawless , he scientists started talking about sciene an that so of thing , and suddenly th adies vanished , the men started crying .
Jc , was rguig with an oficer bot Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't nderstand nthing beause ack was dnk ) , and uddenly , t office took f his cotum and a strng mk , and in that moment … Jak a stonished ecuse th offier s ot an ofice , he w ra !
Jck tied to confront hm , but as son as he tried to do that , he snaped hs ingers and a lot of people cam aoud him , he had a ew tem , he deided to name them " T KM-3J " , a villains ta , their names were Karolina ( s decdd to cange his nae ike that bcaus he sed to say th that etter as e favorite e ) , Melanie , Miley ( te we bot twin , the most beaiful ladies of th wrld ) , ax , who s an expert in t ilitay ied , and Brad owley J. , nobody a known h last name until th moment : Jnior , he was mbarassed abou it , he was descndant of a weird woman , howeve e w he mother .
The KM-3J pt Jack into an immense a , thy were planning to kill him and lace is dad body in a grave , in tat y teir friends ould fin hi buried , but they were not that evil , hy just put him to a da room and tied is hans in a air , it was exactly e ae thing he was dreamed about .
While ack ws there , he herd rad alkig with Mx abut thi ne pl , it was relaed to a giatic apon ht wold soot oxi stes at Ne York ty , so in hat wy , verybody wud beco a zombie .
The bulk of th population frm New Yor was homeless bcuse the ha just een a horrie wa between w York City and Californi , hweer , incresingly refined body technologies aloed Nw Yok to win he a .
Jak w frightened , but sudenly he heard he or opning d w hei friend esuing h , he had usd soe weapons from The King of the y , he t no te oo a tartd shootg hile Michael s unleashig Jack frm the chair , acidetally , Mark kiled Mie while he as shootin , al e body pars were scatered on the loor , he did n't cr about an flew with the ohrs .
Jack fainted while the friend were rescung him .
When hy arried at mailand , Jack woe up , thre was n't anyo round him , thre was just sand and the ech …
Comfort , time ad interna pace r reqird to make erning effiient .
Hence , it is not possile to do b and study sde by se .
Occupation and education disturb oe anoer .
I strongly opos this statement bcase handling both hee together is easily possible with srng willpower .
I wil elaborate points to support my opiion in e fther paragraphs .
Firstly , thre are a lot of pepl in wester countries , who do a pr - me tudy and rk ll - tie or ic - versa .
It all epends on h prefrece of te individuals .
If he wn to bear some hassle and ecome moe prductve in thei ie , thy can anage both things side by sde .
This not ony makes em knowledgable b increase tir potential as well .
Secondly , there r a f parents who a t bear th expenses of their chi 's education .
Resltantly , they put their children no some lbor so that they can earn moe for e family .
But it do not mean that the cil has to bandon is dream of acquiring education .
With firm determination , tey can continue ther education and wok to fd her amily as well .
Finally , soetimes peole think they have completed thir ducation , but wen ey get a fll - me job , hey ealize tat diploma or dgre can increase their chances of promoion .
Moreoer , some empoyers slect e potntial employee fom colleges ile they a studying n pay f hir Mastrs or Advaced Diplomas because thy see her prft in that investment .
Hee , studying ad working side by se helps candidates to row profesionaly .
In conclusion , woking and studying is vy much osible .
It ut depends on the dedication and etemination of the person .
People should do both sdy an work si by side to mk themselvs more killed an capal .
March st , 200
rs Kate Asby
Mnager of Gee Pepe Cfe
Dar Mr Ashy ,
I wite to yo to xress my interest to aply for the ekend worer job that wa pote on your afe or .
I believe I am a good t or thi task since I had previus experience working in similar obs .
I am gd at dealing wi popl .
I demostrated cureous and professional attitude and achieved a ig atin in th customer stisfactin sure .
I am ao interested in difrent kinds of oo and different isines .
I am prepared to ork og hrs and ae shifts late in e evening since I live earb .
Moeovr , I have educatin in he ild of ustome ervic sin I finished a custome service training course at Geore Wit College .
I accept fedbck fro eers a mnagement a impove my performance .
I am lso a quik laner an adapt to iffrent workin environments .
Peae id my rsume attachd to this leter .
Tank y f your tim and consideration of my resume n I look forward to speking with o .
Sincerel yours ,
Tom
How dd this hapen ?
H cn I be here at D'el Arte wearing a st and tie with my beautiful wife ?
The day h n't been plned to en ith a dte night .
he it al dawned on me .
I 'd been s up .
Dupd , so to say , int th unlikely een , a date niht .
e plan s so clever ad deceptive as to escape detection until the last card had bee played .
Oh , my ife is ceer .
he exactly did the deption begin ?
Was it e party wich lasted until 3 am he igh bfoe ?
as it at the initatio to te wedding tre weeks o ?
ow far back coud it possibl go .
When was this se paned in my wife 's bri to have a date igt wh me l desed up d formal ?
So an twists and turns - e played r car well , I never susected while sitting in h pews next to my wife tat en she eaed forward with a paie expesion on her ace that the eeing would nd at D'el Arte .
r when h coditon appeared to worsen and I decided to go get he car to tk r to th doctor 's ofic , r en I retrned to find he lyig on the cold hard stone floo of e hurch could I have eer imagie we would be enjoyng a uie eenng togehr hring entrees n desrts .
N oul I hve coneivd after havi multipe people help calng the ambulace , which ner am , or the friends who caled my in - lws to ce take ae of h kd , that we would be eating a wonderful pza by t end of the evening .
No , none of thse things oul have prepared me for e relief I would el afe waiting 4 hous in te emergeny roo that her pins wre probably on intercostal musce pains n h test for somethin mr serius re all negative .
Honestly der , xt ime just ask me .
I 'll say y .
Der r or Mam ,
I 'm writing as an answer for an advertisement r a o in te USA .
I am fourtee yars d and interested in this jo and believ I have he qualifications .
I thk I wold be it for tis job , becaue I am young , eneretic , ethsiastic an have aways enjoyed working ith children .
I c speak Enlish sne I used to vacatn in Astralia as a chi .
I uld be helpful in the itchen as I sd to work part - tie in my uncle 's restaurat .
I grew up wth two younger brothers and usd to lok after te therefre I am se to dealing with yunger kids .
I can also help organis ny activity , as I have previously rked in a summer camp in my town wth children btween the ge of si nd ten years ld .
In my opinin this job would be a geat , helpfu experience .
I hoe yu consider my application d look frard to hring from you son .
ous faithfully ,
Cassie L.
Dear Si / Madam ,
I ha ust een yo avertisemen for a ob in yu summ caps .
I 'm Antonio Trvisano e Buno , an Italian 15-year - old tenager , and I hae studied Englih sie I s 7 .
I 'm sill imroving my Enlish skill th a anadian tacher .
I am a rall sporty persn a I hnk I would be the eron wo you re looking for cause I 'm rally capable and paient wit children .
In fact , I have been helping in summer aps in Italy f 3 years .
So , I do n't nd diffiult to organize ompettions or acivities for chilen .
I 'm a realy cheerful person nd , though I am 15 , I 'm kepin up wit he kids ' world .
I think it should be easy for me to hep in the kitchens because I can cok very well .
hi is the experience hih I 've been wating f for as !
Please do n't hestae to contact me ! I 'm reay oking fowad to your repl .
Yous sincerely
Antonio Treviano l Bruno
Fist of all , I think , to ty young , yo eed a goal in life .
I already a mine as a teenager .
In my teens , I s fascinated by plas .
My ga I ecide ten , was to become a pilot whn I grewn up .
I ha alwy tried to ve f e future and not fret bout the past .
This a helped kee me young .
Besides we a hav o cloe lls in life in n way or another .
Li te one I had in 1926 and all becae of a parachute .
It was a foggy January mornin and I had gon to rene my pilot 's lience .
T weather reprt said h ceilg w at 180 metre .
But at 30 meres , I was still surrounded by heav fg .
Sudely my plan began to act up , I was osing control .
I se the plane into a dep ive ad lned safey .
I looke at the plane and realized I forgot to tie te parachute co to th plane .
Thank God I id n't jumped or I would hve been a ' da duk ' r sue !
My name is Bridgt Payne , an I 'm 15 years od .
I love taking care of kis .
My mom as a kndergardn d I ove helping her out .
Evey summer I help my mo 's sumer am , but it 's a smmer ap of baies a I wou like to wk wth lder children because I think it 's more chalenging . I would ov to work at any placeacross th US .
I 'm a hard worker and I always ov finishing something that I started .
I alays make ur to get ht I ant n I do n't sp until I get it .
I am also very energetic , playul and reative .
I am ery god at artistc things , such as , drwaing , painig , cooking , dncing an a lot of ther things .
I ho to gt hs job because I hav ee waing it for a ve on time .
I would be very p to get it .
Rgrds ,
Bridge Payne
Dear Paul ,
Last month , as yu m nw , I was a volunte on occasion of my favurie ba 's concert in Katowice .
It as just a mrale - it had ture ut th h an 's manar s my good d fend aniel d he ske me o he wh he oud t I w a big fn of the grup .
lhough he work was truly demanding ad lasted o quite a whle , I ust say I really enjoye it .
At firs I had to be inoled in it a mont efore the even was started .
I w aske to give some nformation about e concert to lca pubs , restaurants e .
so I w handng leaflts everywhere .
By the ime te event was upcomig , I ad to take oer t bn 's equipmnt .
I a to ove it fom place to place along with boys from t group .
On thing leads to anothr an we ended up hving a beer an laughing in a ub .
Eventually e cncer cam off jt perfcty !
Lt of people showed up , everyboy had u and t best thi in t musical experience is that u can mke friends it famous people ad those who you admire n ly see on TV .
If ou will ever have an opprtunty to lp by this kind of evnt , I reommend it to ou fom the otom of my heart !
Lokig frwrd to ering from o .
Yus sincerely ,
Paryja .
er Johanna ,
I 'm very happ to hear from ou sce both hae been uite buy these das with the eas .
It 's a pity that y hve to chos between the activities that you lve th most , b I gss that life is full of choices .
If I we yu , I would gie up msic an I am gig to explain why .
You he always wanted to be poicewomn ( unless you hae recently changed or opinion ) so y us be vry fit sie you ned to pass t physical tests , which are ver demandng , according to my mother .
port is something essential to get is gol and yo n always practise music at hom when you have some ree tim ( yes , I now that it hppen once in a month ) .
Moeover , yo rote to me that you have strted to give lsons about guitr so o are not going to be isolaed from uic and it goes on plyng an important role in your ife .
So I hnk you should n't be upst bcause now it is a difficul period , I kno , but it passes a we can get ack o life when we go to unirsity .
My coin , ho is studying Egish Literatura , told me tha you have much more freedom when ou start uiversity , so do n't wrr !
I hope you writ to me when yu make the fina ecison , I look orwar to heaing from you .
Jaes Dashn 's The Maze Runner , jins Te Huger Games nd Divergen as the latest futrstic ong Adult thriller to get i own il ranchise .
Th Mz nner manages to feel remarkably fsh .
It 's punchy , nse and , crucily , original .
T bo opens wth a boy .
He can remember his me , Thomas , u that 's ll he can remember : everythin iportanhas ben wiped clean .
He fins himself in " the ade " , a frmstad n a cam at the centre of a toweri stone me .
A roup of teenages , all mals , ve ae a makeshift lif for theselves there .
Like Thomas , one of them have an eal memories of the previus lves , although thre 's a barely poken , horrfic suggesto th the lives they 've cme from might hv been even worse ha e on ty 're lving now .
At night , the maze grinds su .
Vious mnsters nown as Grievers pol its tists and rn .
The priority for the boys is to survive , a to fnd a way ou of h ma .
Lnguage itsel aso becomes viall important : t boy 's speeh is peppered with mad - up words tha highlight h solation .
The bo ens devastating inal tst .
Th oles memory of or relationship is a hrt skirt d some crocodiles .
Two perfect stigmas for a mn an a woman in enera .
e tak is unambiguus and seemingly easy . I suld be al to describe my view of Aercan man and his behavor ecause of my experience as an adl , a woman , a we , a mther and simply a human being ih various roles in lie who has been mlion times happy and million ime uhappy .
Howeve , I am n - American a I iv wh a man who surpises me every day in a pitive and also in a negative way . I can not describe my wn husbad .
Is it really pssile to desibe a a at all ?
No . I think tat I can epict th one American man within a certain peiod of time , b it is mposible to ite h trt since I he never sen him aive . I can rite sbjectively and my obervations of h hrugh the Intere ill be ditorted by my w lie , experience ad surrounding I live in .
Let me introduce one Amerian I got frinds with on Facebook .
s nme is Kyle .
A typical American am , rgt ?
However , he is n typil .
He is special .
I like his humor , because he is able to ake me smil .
His snsitvity is visible through his cefully chosen ords d his cency in his grammticlly correct sentences .
I ore hi imgination because he is able to idna y on a cloud to a ever never lad .
He is wise an brave , ecaue he was not sare to teach me altough he is not a teacher .
Bt wt bout those snakes ad guns in i photos ?
Woul I be ble to overcom my own phobias and be fair ?
nd what about those open - erted quotes , loe songs and petc opnins he sares on his wall ?
Is he a romantic d a iller in ne ?
He is te man tuc in a generation where loyalty is jst a tttoo , love is just a quote d ling is he new truth .
He is he an nd I am t wma who live in th world , in which the ma wears a short skirt and the oan is as ouh as a crocoile .
He alwys ries gentle words , uses cute mieys , Facebook kisse and hug , but whn I ask i in what a he loves me , he answs " as a Christian " .
ell , it 's ll iht .
I 'm relieve .
Howver , th wan inside of me shut : What ?
He does ot love me as a woman !
ow come !
I would like to point o another his attribute hich is his prd .
hen I asked i , if he hd read a ook The Little rine by Exupéry because I am feeling lie a fox , he askd me in an ofended mnne , if I kno Lary , the comeian .
Kyle is raly prideful , bt so ar al the men .
I do n't believe in the friendship between e man and the omn .
ere wi always be som kid of sparkling ither alluring or repulsing .
ext thin I like out him is that he never pushes me it anything .
If I want to sleep , he stops i n imagination to le me rela and res .
So he is tughtful .
I must be honest r a hil .
He rose up my ow enslved desires .
I have always watd to ly , to trvel , to paint , to wrte an to lov .
And I am left to love without ay support .
He asked me to observe hi r a week .
Hwever , I am scared a bit of te consequences of this ecrt adventure .
Wht if it beks me down ?
I mean what if he tmes me like a fo ?
He is a hunter .
Al the men e .
In following section I will write about his sexalit an dealing with an arument .
It as easy to draw him into the love affair or to ke m orny , t it wa quite difficult to tat an argument with m . I think that he is a god writer because he is able to describe is sexual dreams a hougts liely and vividly .
Hweve , as him a question from his el life nd he will iv you a ne - wor answer .
This could hardly saisfy an ordiry questioner like me , not only an interviewer from a daily journa .
I belie he is tede a carul , but impatient and clumy at th sme ime .
He forget of everything hen he punge int hi Neverland .
No attr wha you write , he follows his own lust .
On e other hand , he is disciplin , becaus he is ale to stop with his imagey at on .
He is cute , anyway .
As I wrote before it was not hat esy to make the argument wit hi .
I tried to u different strategc inputs that cud elp me to argue , for xample : Y are totlly uninterested to rd beteen lines ! You never listen to me!I even called him a lmox a stumblebum .
He ju et qiet and begged me to stop .
He did h est to calm me don .
I was impressed an I fnd his a good feature of hs personality .
Yeerday I wanted him to te me th sto of is life .
He ent wi e tip rom Calfornia to Texas a hn to Phoex .
If you like adventurers , wl , he is t rght man o you .
Sport is a part of mn . I should not byss this issu .
So I sked i hat hs favouit spor is .
He ikes baseball , but he des o play baseball actvely .
He likes watchin it .
He actively does hiking , nting nd cmp ridig .
The week has pased , so we e at he end of this advture orse .
Kyl is a stong and charismatic individuality an he values s privy a lt .
Hnesly , I ased myself , if I would like to be h futur wi .
I ponerd th many times .
And sure , I wll .
However , I am not tat crzy to marry t man wh I not know in real le .
But I do ke him nd I lved the cuse .
It surely tuht me a lo and enriced my whe lfe .
Thank you , Kyle .
In the end , I woud lie to ad a quotation by Fnz Mrc .
I do no know wo ranz Marc is .
u I identify myself th his vw of male d fema relationship .
" Blu is th mae principle , stern and spirtul .
elow the female principle , gentle , cheerful n sensual .
Rd is matter , brutl a heay and always the colour which must be fought and vanquished by h oter tw . "
To : The Chairperson
From : Teodora Costeu , Romanin studnt
Subject : oal Environmental Protectin
Dat : 13th Septeber 204
Purpose
As requested , ti is a rport concernig the envronmetal coditon within my wn .
The iformation blow evluate th chief mesures tke against pollutin and environmental dame as wll as e population 's nteret d involvement in an optimum preservation of e aa .
Recycling
Throug a series of progrmms and events organised by local vluntary organisations both adults nd chidren are nsructed abot the impotance of waste redution and eccling .
Therefore , in e last few year here s ben a great improvement in raiin awareess an commitmnt amng an incresingy larger sector of th poplation as far as he selectie colletion of houshld reuse is concerned .
This is cerly illutrated by the growing numr of rcyclng facilities the residens of our tn hv at hir disposal .
Public Trnsport
Since ehaust fumes r consiered to be ne of the maj pollutants nwaday , te local autorities ar oing everything in their power in order to iduce itizen to travl mr by ean of public trasport , in the detrment of the biqutous private cars .
Consequently , ther are bus which run at short intervals on various rtes , so that eople can ariv at tei desinatons rapil and convenintly .
Unfortunately , nly a limited number of people r willng to leave her comor one fo the sae of h communy , thus makng ollutio by dint of heavy traffic a remaining and inextricable prblm of ur soiet .
Public Cleaning ervices
Our loal publc clanin services are rsponsible nt ony for te efficient removal , storag , cllecion a transport of waste mteril , but alo o the maintenance and good care of natural areas a green spaces witin r community .
he soe purpoe of her activity is to ep our to clen a neat , makn it an appeaing an pleasurble lac to inhabit .
Cnclusin
Taking verything nt consideration , it would be fair to conclude ht there are numerous ay in which on can protect the environment ad ta cae of e area in which they esde .
Howevr , as wt all issues presen withn society , a dual comtment from t citzens and authorities shud be regadd as a key factor .
Red fire ants originated in Brazil .
ire ants are very aggressive .
Tey oft swarm on their pre swify and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we disturb a fr t net thy uld relentlssl sti us , injecting poion it our bod .
Te sting old be fatal if we ve an allerg .
Even if we do n't , stinging will caus a burning senstion , swelling ad en a bliter at the point of sting .
In md cases , e sting uses tch .
In severe cas it cases nuse , vomiting or dizziness .
In t US , millions of people re stung annualy ad om have died from thir njuries .
ie an threaten mor han umn halth .
In infested ara , they injure livestock , pets an wldife ; dmge crops , plants , electrical equipment , a irrigation systems .
We shoul e pesticide reatents to reuce their numbers .
ee will be several inventions in te next yas .
Nowadays we ca n't pedit h im of future devices though I gss hat they will be mainy related to eradicting currnt illnsses .
Cancr , o insace , is surely e of the preferences or h cpanies that invest large aounts of ney in R&D.
oreoer , it is a profitable sk if they make up new medications to help pople suffeing fro that illness .
Personally , I consider urng cancer te most calenging goal fr e next generation of reseachers and invenrs .
Although I advocate new remedies fo canc , I think that there is noter problem in the worl that ocety should ocs on .
It does ot i in rih countries because it concerns to poor countries .
It is usually forgotten beause it baely affects our daily rutie .
However , wn we ak about hunger we mut regard it as the main probl of the orld .
That is t reason why I have been thinking for a long ime about a e deve to eraicte staratin .
It is o ompletely developed u I an dvanc sme ideas about it desin .
It cosist of a pill where we bnd lots of diferen elements .
Altogter hey provid the nutrients to coer t eed of feedng of one peron in on day .
Manufactuing cots are not expensive and thee pills do t expire .
hy c be conserve for a long ti and shipping cos are very low .
I conside ha it coul contiute to feeding many pople and it could deinitely en with the most unair roblem of this wor .
LIFE IS BEATFUL
There must be somethng vey speca bout a movie when , after the third im , o 're stil getting o of the cimen thking " I hav to see it agin " .
ht 's only ppened to me one , and h im was if is Beautiful .
Starring Itlan comic Roberto Begnini ( who lso wrote and ireced the moe ) in h min ro of Guido , this live lovin tragi / omey it 's but a Jewish faher trying to shil hi young son from te horros of the nazims in te Italy of Mussolin .
For ht mter Guido ceates an imaginariy game for i child nce thy are deported to a concenraton amp .
He tls t o tht they re competing with othe to in a tank , so the little Guiosué d n't realise what it 's rell goin on aoud him .
e strength of the movie reies on the goofy , lovin , eccetric character played by egnini , h exceptional comic talent and is aility as diectr to eal wit sch elicate topc ike Nzism while anging to drive through a thick line bettween comed and drama .
h Original soundtrack reatd by Nola Piovanni it 's also a beautiful , delicate plus to tis masterpiee .
Life is beautiful was reiient of numerous awar incluing the Ocas as f best foreign pictur , best acor and bt oriina dramtic score .
Wat trikes me more was that dspite t fact that it 's e on the ev of th II worl w , he film is n't really abou h holoaust but a bittersweet fable about han curag love d he .
If you aredy haven't se it , hich I dob , I ghly recommend it ; it wi make you laugh ut loud but als along he way ou 'll find yoursel cover in tears , uaranee .
Football , to me , is more than just a game .
I have learned a o of thngs from it .
When I joined h tam freshman year , I id n't realie hat I was etting into .
Foobal reqires trmendous amonts of teamwork and sptsmanship to be successful .
We worked l summer in h weight rom and a on the tak to t in physical and etal shape befe the eaon .
Se , football is more of a mental ort than anythng ese , so nning on the track wa n't only about getting in hap . We would push our minds by running as had as we could ev if we felt like we were going to ps out .
At th beining , I was imature and oly thought of myself , omtimes ev giving up we I w ired or hurting .
Then after the third gme I had a seson - ending injuy .
Imaine working ll sumer and the only being able to play three games !
I needed srery on my m ad at east five mohs to recover .
Needless to say , I was sideied f e st of the season , u his actually hped me realie that sinc you never kn whn you ast ly wil be , u should y your hardest in football n li .
Aer freshman year I decided that I old alwy ve my best effort .
Playng arsty football has tught me so much ore an just wa my asignents are on a particular lay or how to boc . I have learned to tink about others irt , and realied how important working har is .
Being it l my friends , even sweating and leedig ith hem , really made us bond as a group of hard - working young men I know wl uccee in life .
High - cool football is more ta just a sport .
It is a learnng ground or may to stenthen their personalit a character or thir lies .
One thing my coach alwy sys is , "
Imagine that you hve jus ru 100 sprints d a gin bear starts ching you .
Are ou js gong to stand ther and le it attack ou bcause yu e too ire ? "
Te answer , of curse , is no , because you n always put it in noter gar evn if you think ou ne to gi up .
This to me means that you can always control your attitude and effrt .
So , no mttr what , if y maintain a geat atitude and always give whatever yo 're doing yu best effort , y will have no regrets .
Honestly , I could nt agree more , as the webste as it is vailable today is an inconvenient tool poviding insufiient informton .
I woul like to suggest improvin the bsite in he folowing ways .
First , it is difficult to navigate th currt wesite versio . We could move the sarch bar lose to the top in order to mke it asie to fd .
Besdes , addin a scedle to th let secion uld be an advaage , as u customers would be ale to fn t opon tey ed in a ore covenient way .
Scon , e theme is odated , ad developing ew design can be a od move to atract mor clnts .
Minimaistic deig is oh stylish n ser - friendly , as it ds not mply any lement requring website visitor to load hey module , a hre e no uncessary banners that distrc th user .
Third , implementing sverl dvanced solutions , sc as a calculator , a galey n li chat , could make u age more useful .
As to othr aspet of our website , it igh be a good idea to enhance its performnce by means of ptimizig t code an remving advertisements ( whih dcrease te wesite value while brining little profit ) .
ll the tsks a be completed witn a moh , nd I would be gla to be nvlved in he improvemt of our website , as it is an important aspect of our wk , because it represents e company , a representation is key whn ttacting client is concrne .
Before fousing on e top of technology itself , I uld li to mention some aspects elate to education .
First of l , Spaish educational laws are in Europe , nd probal in the world , the onl ones wic have chaned the most in the las 30 years .
Thi fct lads he teachers to be unsre of hat they e doing .
Besides , thee are no results tat can be analysed or cheed .
Secondly , there e to sorts of schools in Spain - public and private- , which prouces a i difference in e edational knowlege .
Whi pulc ones must obey govrnmental las strictly , prive schools have some privileges .
Knowing ths about the Spaish education system , we cn ow talk abou technoogy .
I obviously agree that nowadays technology is necessary .
So , he schoo and the educational intitutons in genral av to updte e wy they teach .
Technology does not imply a e nstrumen to be taught ut a n ol n sore of nowedge ( if ue corctly ) .
In fact , using technology withot changing e cotent wuld be a total alure .
Techrs must lean h to use tse new technological deves in rer to get their students motived .
Moreover , they shoud comprise te ps infrmation and t ne n .
hu , this wud help tudents know how h wor hs evolved ad o it will be .
In ther words , tehnoogy should be used as a too for the students be aae of the development of society n s advatages and disadvantages .
This ew technologies aso help in t teaching development .
We can mae dynam classes by beig in contact wh the schools , in h case of subjects sch as Engish and Frech , students oul improve hei skill by being in contact wi sdents from differen countrs .
lso , teaches cud replae their methodologies following the best one and te ones which cntrbute to have qualiid sudents taied to face evryay lif situatios .
In conclusion , as a great teher said , we have st centuy students learning ith 20 entury ols e 19th cntury knowege .
hu , ther mut o be a technological reolutio but an educationa on .
To the Mayor
I am writing to exress my concern about the smokng ban w l .
I ear that suh a huge move would damag bsinsses and ny wrkers would se their js .
At present , I am working for Cafe Nor , a wel - now etaurant popular with visitors , my of who ave told me tha if such a ban were introduced , th wol woud n enter into restaurants n intead , they would meet fends at home .
On top that , I think h aount of ntie you have ivn people is unreasonable .
There needs to be much wider public debate , an if a majority are , they should be gven nough ime to g us to .
To supprt my argume , I would ie to tel y wht happened in my country hn ch a a a inoduced .
irt , it wa almost impossible to enforce it .
Thre were no nouh police to go round checking any publi lace .
Secondly , business suffre , with people objecting that th should be gin the right to smke if they wished .
In the n , the government changed the law , encoragin peope to provide n - sokin aras .
This approach strkes me as uch more realistic nd I urge y to reconsider it before it is too la .
We wll ta about a technology that miht soon isturb t orl .
B first le me exlain e process taken to manufcture anything .
e manufacturing poess follows three main stages : designing thn poucing te consumn .
For a quik glmpse , this technology provides e abily to precsely cone y tanibl oject .
This dirctly affects the producing sae , alwing mor effcint production .
More efficient producto means cheaper goods , and by roviding them cheapr the cosume nw has the ability to purchase more of these goods .
Higher purchasing per means at we cn uy more gods using the se amount of moey .
In othr wor , money old hae or vlue .
So , let 's sy , o hve $ 100,0 o , o would ave $ 10,000,0 fifty years om w .
Y ten could pay you debt , et a n r , buy a new house , invest or retire , or do ust about anythng u wld do if you curenty have $ 10,000,000 in you bank account .
Looking at it throgh a broader scope , country deficits would be sled , hugry people wuld be ed , and th homeless wuld ge accmmodate .
But why wud the goos be heper ?
This is th effect of a redution in th ct of podction ; les production cs allows he proucer to educe the price of his goos while mintainig th inial poit .
With competitio ging him no choice at l , t prdcer is forced to ade by the marke equlibrium .
Surprisingly , h prdcer get to maintain his prois due to te prortional decrease in prie as we as the cot to produce .
This aomatic , effiient , qui , ecise technolog reducs th amount of labor needed , save wse initially caused by human errors , saves time d produce at better qality too .
In cnlusion , this revolutinry technology has potentia to vast impve te wy we manufature u oods , and in he process of doing tat benefit the whoe world .
Dogs and cats are aled " furkid " n only becau their bodies e oered with ur , bt ao because their hsts egard pes as kd .
I nevr realized that a furkid would eric my lie unti I met Casino , a smt , patient d andsome Goldn Retriever raised by my wife 's fmily .
I an stil recall the dy Cathy an I brouh Csno to Taii iy Hll , walkig im along the eparment stre pavement , and paying with m al a long .
our days later , he suddenly passed wa , and he day became our lt mery ogether .
His body was cemated d buried on a mountai in northrn Taiwan .
A sweet olive tree was lante with his ashes .
We vsited him everl times oer he years , a decided to tke e sweet olive tree home with us hs ear .
I miss Casino so muc .
He changed my attiude towar dogs : Casino taht me hrough hs paience n pssios .
Ev sic I met h , I stpped feeling frighten when facing big dos , and even started to lay with tem .
23 rd . Ma. 2015
Mrs Kate Ahby
Manager of Gren Peper afe
Dear s Kae Ahby ,
I am iterestd in applying o the b vacancy in e fe yu run .
he rasn for applying is that I believe I would be a pefect andidate as I have plenty of exerience in h od business as el as I am hghly interested in workin or this well - kown company .
I strogly believe I would be the ght person for te pst as I consider msef as polite , wel - annered , enthusiastic an od at dealing wit customers .
Besides , working in popular restarants enabled me to ain te ablit to ok as par of a team and uder pressre , ls learning out a ie variety of international food and dishes .
What is ore , I am used to working long hours in bth d and nigh shifts , so busy days il no be a proble for me at al .
inally , I woul lke to express my wlingness in workin or you as this will represent sc a geat eperience o me .
I wou be ale to attend an interew at ay tie wich is coneient to ou .
I look forar to heaig fo you .
ors sincerey ,
Celste Areas
ear Si ,
I am writn is letter beause I wold really apprecia he opportunity to wor as a cap ounselor .
I am an 11th grade student fr Barelona , Spai .
I attend Sant Inas school and in he future I uld rally like to study medicie .
Regarding my level of Englis , I speak fluent English n got an A on te Cambridge irst Certificate Exam .
As for my exerience with children , I have been a counselor fo t last wo years in a sumr amp .
Furtherme , I hae worked as a bbysitte r te pt year .
I lo have been helping a nine yeas l kid with s math homework .
I belie I am suiabe for the ob as I am very enthusastic and eeretic .
I am hardworkin as we .
I as love aying sorts , sch as tenni , soccer , canoein and kayaking .
I always try so hard to not to go to ew esaurants because I do n't ike st of em at irt .
ut this time s spcil .
It w my brother 's birthday so he sad if we could go to a new restarat calle Muerde La Pasta .
I 've ways Heard abu that place so I though it ould be ka to go .
The rstaurant is in Alcocon . I have to say that it is a beutiful plae , with a lot of beautiful lap d a lo of spe .
It 's a free buffet so yu can ake verything you want … thre are chips , pizza , a type of psa an then there 's a ot of desserts a here 's no food limit haha .
The staf is so good , he are really helpfu and hy ae alwys lookng if you 've finishd to take the dirty dishs ay .
Honestly , I thought I woud n't lke the restaurant but I was completely wrog .. I love it !
I 'm goin with my Friends nxt we!!I tink y ge mor t ht u pay fr lie its unlimited food and you only have to pay 10 Euros .
It 's real wort it .
If ou id n't go y , you should defnetly do it , I promise you will lo it !
After a Year …
You a never really say a ting is wort unls yu have indulged yourself in it .
You c ner really ay a situaion is unortunae unless u ha already been to it .
And you can never really say a eacer in the mountain is iserable nlss o have xperienced eng ne .
When I knew I uld be asined at Gala aional High School , I sid it 's the orst hing th ever happened to my career .
When I knew I oul be tehing at t rmotest hi school in Ozaiz , I said I a so unfortunate , and when I knew I woud be spending my dys in the mounain , I id my ife wul be miserable .
Indeed , negative vibes fild my thoughts ftr having known that I s to practic my chosn profeion in the place I feared the ost .
But ftr a year , I was all wrng .
My fit paragrph aptly expresses my exact realzation .
To have been assigned in the mounai is neve a wst siuation ; I have never been unforunate , and misery has eve been my colague .
In fat , being a eacher in the mountain is bei he bst of h I am , bing te mt fortunate of e alve , d being the happiest I could ever be .
es , Gala Natioa High chol has given me thousands of easns to be happy and to eel blessed .
In he , I he learned more tha te lessons I hve taught .
Th school as a whole a become my great mentor .
It has auht me lessons I cul n't have learned had I nt ben her - the lessons tat do o only help me improve my teaching profession but lso help me become e righ person of my ministry .
Gaa as paved the way for me to becoe tt techr I lon to see .
I may hav ee fr yet from ein an ideal ne , but I know someday , havg Gala as my guiding light , I an ecome one .
As to my coleages , I am grateful to be in a small group of individual who st of te time hres the same line of inerst with me .
We r so small a number , t that does o inde us to hold ay hool rogrm and activity at its est .
With our sheer creativty and nthuiasm , we aways made it a point that every school activity is worthwhile .
We never ettle for any mediocrity .
That is us - the teahrs of Gala .
And that 's on thing I le the mst .
Together , we aspire for soethin beond better .
My persnal relationship wt my co - teaers is the same as tha of a typical Filiino famly .
It 's t al e me at we are in good terms , t we ow to ourselves tha we care for each other .
I y have hrt some of my coleagues in a certain circumstanc , and they ma ha urt me o , but at the end of the day , it 's lays camarerie among us ha domates .
And it 's l at attes .
As to my students , I fe realy so fulfiled .
At first , it as an extreme chlenge for me to hnde students in he mountain .
Ther needs speak beyod intellectual hunger .
Every da I g to deal it tudets weaig diferet faces of lfe 's resntmet .
As a eachr , it took me mch of everything I hve to cm to trm to evey piifl fate of my students .
Hee , e value of UNDERSTANDING t student even beyond hat th manin of such rd n express has en dramatically instilled in me .
And that 's one of the lessons I conidr a gem to kep to mself forer .
Students in the mutain hav a lt of dferent untold stories of ter lives .
These sories once hard , ca open somebody 's heart to lear to love learnrs despite everything .
That is wt exactly happened to me .
As I listened to my students , I have come to realize the very essence of my existence as thir teacr .
Consequently , I ve seen the ne to attend to their needs .
I y hve ot perfectly carried out my responsibilities , t I kno somehow in my e year stay in Gala , I av mae a difrence to my students ' lives .
My everyday iteraction with my students has bn my everyday fulfillmen .
Eventally , e huge challenge I hav h ha tned into my inspiration to do etter in my jo .
My students hav a t of weakneses in mn aspects of lif , but eeing thm enduring was motivaig me even more to gi tm good asons to eep on kepng on .
My dear students a have n known it , b really , tey are to the source of my ier srengh .
There were ime I wanted to back f from te my deands of rk , t I lways found myself figtig .
I ave ore than enough reasn to do tt - an they ae gin , my students .
In a utshll , Ga may av en very a , yet it my heart , it 's jus thin .
The place , my coleagues , d my dear studet are enough testimonies at in ala I have found a home … and a fily to loe , really for ea .
Dear r Ka sby ,
I am writi to yo regarding a job advertisement I saw on yesterday 's newspapr looking fr an nlish - seakin perso to work at weekends in your cafe .
I am te right person to do the jb as I hv aways een interested in different kinds of fd .
I le trying dishs rom al er the world a I am keen on cookig experimenting nw xoti uisin .
I am reall interested in aplying f th job bause I am an outgoing pero and I am go at dealng with peopl .
In adiion to thi , I have oad experience in th field since I rked as a watrss urin my st summe hliday .
As a consequence I am prepard to work lg hurs .
I ope yu will take my application into onsidertion bcause I have a great sense of responsibility nd wor ery seriously .
I look forward to hearin from you at yor earliest convenience .
Yos faithfully ,
Maina
Der S :
It is o an easy ta to explain the importance of this exam for me , since I do not have any specific objective in mind tha requires a amridge certificaion .
Simiarly , I do not have any study methods in the sense of systematic mecanisms to lern English .
What I a say is that I hav been lernig Englis since I was twelve , n it has ben a plasre ro the start .
My irst mmor elaed to the English language is of lrcs ; I love pop usic an used to transat ogs comosed by lto John nd Lennn and MCartney .
ext I started to read oks suh as he Harry Potter erie d boo by erge R. R. Mati .
I am lso an attentive listener of BBC Radio or .
These are my study methods , if I can say so .
bot the asons to take he test , there is little to say .
As I ave said , I hae ben learning nglsh by e sher pleasue of it ; but , having ome ths far , I hik it is time to get se id of frml recognition about my level .
hat do pele think about teenagers ?
Why rather neatie ?
Lots of people think , that teeagers r stupid , have a small knowledge bou life , do not he enough experience , are annoying , difficult to understan .
In my opinion we huld n't hik lk tht .
I gree tha sme of yong peole bhave really bal , they smoke , sho on their arets , drik ber , do not improve themseles .
Bt most of teenges are een mr intelligent than adults or rderly peole .
At shol , at home hey ve to pe th lots of problems and ry to olv them .
I strongly disagee ha they are ot experienced .
They sometimes ve to lp tei friends or even thir parents in ifficult tasks ik psychical problems , ve hem tips .
ometime it happens tha a couple , which has a hld in age frm 12 - 16 , querls .
Te oug person ha to be strong , t to understand the stuatin .
Tennagers also have to make serious dcisins like choosing secondary scol , futur job , whc wa they wl go in thir li , if hey nt to be in relationship with someone .
Those examples sh ha teenagers have to cope with lots of problems .
Most of hem are ale to .
Of cose it 's only my opinion .
Ways to collect and record information for future generations
Fidin te best wa to collect and store iformation for the futr is not just a problm in or working ife u also in or private life .
Tha is h rasn h our class attnded a panel discussion on this seciic opi .
Diffrnt wys of accumulating ad string information were presented at the discussion .
I would lk to phasise o options in hi esa .
n way to t the information neede is to interview people from he neihbourhod nd ither wrte dwn what is being aid or record it as an aio - ile .
This wa you do nt only gather pln data but aso emotions fom pople .
Aditionally , it happens th while speakig of a artiular event suddeny more memores nd stris come to th arrator 's mind .
Howeve , sometimes h narator tes to fil in the gps of s / hr memory with imainary parts or tre to embellish cetan parts of the story .
nother interesting way to find out me aout the past is to ollect od hotogrphs .
This is an impressive a to document a change over may yer , bu on the other and it is chalengng to keep photographs in go condiin .
For me personally , he best wy to colec and record iformtion r future generaons is to intervie peple d to tor the information in an aproriate way beuse of three reasos : Firstly , I have the chnce of no getng ust o story from a prso b maybe tw or thre more .
econdy , I an cah te the narrator'smotins .
Thirdy , I do not hv to be concered abut loss of qualtiy of photographs and picturs .
Wh I was in Bali , I had a great nig that I aays remember .
My huband ad me ent to a dine on the beach of our hotel .
h weather ws ve ood and we enjoy aving dinner barefoot , sat on the sand .
T dinner was deliious d we tasted lots of new flavours of alinese ood .
fter dnner , we saw an intersting show of Balinese anc and music .
When we thouhgt ha the igt h finished , we ha e prect desert .
Despite it a er da , we could ee something moing on h and .
It w er i ... We could n't lieve ha we were seeing .
It was a vry ig n beautiful trtle !
Bt ...
It was ls and cou n't fin the y to te ater .
We shouted ad two waiters of te hotel came quickly .
They turned th turtle and oo it to t wtr , hee freed it .
Th t turtle sarte swimming n diappared of our sight .
We er very happy because of seig the turtle and hope to co back to ali to se it agai .
In trms of hoidys , oe pople lik to visit their own coutries , while others prefr ing abroad .
I think goig boad is much more xciting .
Visiting their own cuntr certainy h its advantages .
Frt of all , y do n't have to take very long trips .
Also , you can have the opportunity to discover new place jut next to your home .
Besides , is type of acation is usually less expensive tan going broad .
On he oth hand , many people peer visiting oher countries .
Actually , thy like the idea of visiting an unknown land , wher everything is different , fr the wether to the habts .
Futhermre , they so like goi abrod to visit important n fmous cite around the rld , ik aris , Madid , e ork .
In my opinion , traveli to a foreig country makes people open their minds to other cuures .
In act , going abroad is a nice y to make new friends , y new thin and improve a foreign anuage .
In ddtion , if y ln yur vacaon ey on , y can also save mone on lanes or hotels .
In concluson , I think it 's impotat to know both ter own countries and forein lnds .
It was tee in he morning when the phone rang .
I was just aot to go to ed wh I suddenly heard th phone and I got cared cause I as ale at hm , and I thoht ha it could be serious news .
It was in Augus , my parents and my brter were on hoiay in Malrca f a we , and that ae da my sister nd her boyfrend travelled from Yecla to Paris in a pacage travel .
At tha mmnt I tought ta an accident or a siila something a ppened to my family but fotuately it was n't so .
A girl was on the other side of the pone and she ld me tt my sister and her boyfriend were n't wi h other passengers .
They did n't ae mobile hone beuse it happened a lo time ago .
Th il I 'd ike to tl about is " Secet Life of Walter Mitt " .
It is a fantastic lm wt beautiful views nd an exciting stor .
Th ma chrcter , Waer Mtty , works in a well - known agazin " Lif " as a manager of pto negativs .
ne da he gts a pcel from a faos traveller .
In is leter he says that one shot fm th fim is the bes picture he ha ever mde .
Unforuntely , Waler n no find the sho , so he has to oo fo e traveller which is not sy .
He has to travel to remote parts of t world and hve se vey azing adventures .
In th end , he manages to meet he trvller d find t whre he shot is .
I wo n't tell o any or as it can sil h story , but the film is dfinitey worth watching .
In addition , I c say that I 'm charmed by the an character who is developing throughout e hole film .
If ou lke complicated stories abut dreams a ho to make he true , tis story is defintel for you .
Free of poke pain & frequented by the locals , there is a dining gem in Nova Grca .
Hedng toars Toin & after pssing the faou Slan Bride , rn righ nd follow te rod to th left .
u will find tere a parin ra ad some ball cors , an on further exploration , jus after the courts & wlking owads th famous bridge that o ca n see ch better , a restaurant .
For seasonal food served by oblging & goo humoured waiers , you will fin nowhere bete .
In ummer tt boiler of ar liquid beside t entrace might be opiva chai , a summer erbal digesif , fvoued by th villagrs of the regn , or you might be offre a world ar one menu such as soldies ay have eten in ti are .
y , da nd season ditate the eer interesting & chnging menu at tis restaurant .
h war intrir is he prfect place to t in winter , whl in sumer , many diners prefe the exerir tabl eide the tuquise Soca river .
Oe of Slovenia 's qalified somneller will help y choose frm h good wine cellr , so this is the place where I recommend or css c relax , eat , rnk wl & njo the hpy atmospere .
I old lke to talk to you about a usicl whc I saw recently .
It is called " Les Mserales " and has much to recommend it , includig he plot , h cast ad , of course , the soundtrack .
The ilm is set in Fane in nneeenth century .
Just aer e French Revolution .
It is an adapttion from th original book " Les isrables " by Vitr Hugo .
The idea lying ehind t sry is that jusic and lw r t the same thin .
Th main charactr , ean aldean , played by ug Jackma , is jaile fo stalng a lof of bread , in a tr to avoid his nephew 's dath .
en afe being et ee , he becoe a thief again , however this time he is not condned bcause of a prer .
Bt do nt worr I am not going to spoil te ening .
All it occurs during the irst pat of the fi .
egaring the soundrac , I cn oly say ha since I saw he flm I ca not help singig evey song a the tie .
All in al I hink that it is n of th bes films ever made .
Tavelling by ar is becoming more covenient .
Cs re improving , becming sae d environmet frindlier .
A lo of effort has ben t in reucing the fumes , etc .
Moreover , peple ve ecom mr aware of th environment prtetion .
hu , mor nd mor people , when buying a new car , also consider its environmental friendlnes and th possible impact on the communt .
Also , cr get more afrdable in may contris .
For example , in Ina nd China the tehnologial advances hav enabled tem to as prdce ealy affordal crs , which ar also imported .
Together wi that , more eope ar getting familiar wih driving and eeing more confident about driving ter w car .
Once you kw o ourself how mfortable it is to hve a ca , there 's very litl chance you wl go back to publi tranprt .
oweer , there ight be still rom r publc transport in future , especilly in b ctie .
I man he undergound in the first place .
It is very economca in terms of tie , istance n people capacty .
As fr buses , tey might be histor in decades to come .
Althouh I do n't quite like watching oap oers , I w strted watching this particular show with my family .
My mother likes watchng sap opras on tv nd h got me hooked nt this new tv ho - iknmp .
h ow looked promising throgh its promos , wic were basd on a ery famous old hindi song .
The ld actos were wel known tv strs .
The show was bad on the jouny of a aried cuple , liin in India , who et separated du to oe misundertandings .
e couple have 4 kids n afte separaion , 2 kids live wh their mom and 2 with eir d .
he dad , wh is a cardiologist move to US and starts a ew lie there .
Th mom on the other hnd ecids to stay ak ad wors ar to give r children a decet life .
e sh starts with he eldt daughtr , h live wh her mother tyng to contat her ther to ask im to be a part of er wedding ceremo .
T fthr who ad owe to neer look back at frs ignores her ruests , however , upon insistence om i otr children and hi sister grees to go bac to India .
The rs of the show is bad on h interactions between l 4 childr and how the work toeher to unite their faily .
It 's a typical Indan so opera in which ov conurs ove everything .
Atough ot very practical , e ow is u to wch as it brings out te Indian alue and at the same im teahs he mportace of omen being indpendnt n le to ld lie on their own .
Innovative entrepreneurship an be erceived as a specia procs of creating , testing an implementing of t nw poducs ad materials , he new a of esource utilization and the new kind of management in busiess process to find advanced opportunities for ( non)commercial use .
The first tes has hown that I am very otiated an my skil amost ft to the possibility to be an entepreneur .
However , the attude hat I have is not very appropriat for entereneurship .
It is impotant to underline that the driving factors ( motvaion ) determine beaviour of entrepreneur and sow the reaons r acting .
In e test were accessd the answes a I was ond ut as a peson that has ih ontrol appeal meaning that I hv great leadg skills an a ne to oranize nd to moderat .
In he motivation at I also received ig cor in need of calenges as I prefer to ak difficult projects because I believe hat they might develp my nowledge and ablitie .
orever , it is really importan for me to be n oss en though it eds mc ore responsibilities .
Neverheless , in the et I reeied fer oints in " nd for acieement / sucess " than it w requre for bin an enrepeneur .
As I oud out ere were tw problems about lack of points .
Th frst e was sed on profi orietation of the entrepreneur in te test .
h above - mentioned situation mean ha during th assssmet were not takn io acoun othr goals ta entrepreneur might have .
r intanc , it can be h social sustainabily and a ned to develop the locl empoyment situatio or an entrepreneushp as a hobby / lifestyle .
he second prble ws bed on essential role of getting a feedback .
Hweve , t test evaluaed as important feedbck parnts and friends oinon ad I do not agree that it miht be essential unless they are spcialsts in tt fied .
Nevertheless , I might ae a reasonable risk in ce it can positively influence business .
PLAN , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Evryone likes omething oe or less , ee whn it comes to litle hings .
It is crtan that each of us loves to travel , but everye lies th mt comforable means of transport .
Fr me , the best way to travel is tai , because I hik his de of transportation has e mot pros .
e of the things tat is ve importan to me is te ric .
I 'm not going to pend a t of money or a icket , ecaue I 'm sdying so I jut have a pat - tm job .
If we chek the prices of air avel , we ca be disappointed as well as of rael by at .
Fortunately e rin tickets e cheaper .
noter vry important thing is the rael tim .
Plane ies very quickly , but o have to be at he arort at lea an hour erlier .
In te se of a sip , travel tim is immense .
Trveling by tan is qut ast , a pleasant , I can sfly travel to mor plcs woldwide an popl tkng a ot or pae trnsprt .
After the summary is to cerif that travelling by tri is the mos advantageous , but t mo importan rason y I chse jouny by train a ac that I have a motion sickness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
At t d of a decade in whih tchnology s made eormous leaps , I am thnking about how much present vision of ous will change in the ftue .
Despite many differene in h human natue , the present houes do n differ so uc between themselves .
Most of e hos have walls , dors , wiows and a built on solid grund .
urthermre , hy ha flat or slpig roofs , ne or mo floors .
Se ae situated in the neighbourhood of paks , forets or lakes .
On te oher and , reentl , re often many new n mor advanced projects are realizd by daring architects .
Ty often do not ue t popular brick ut glss , wod , plastic .
But can o imagie ht in h nar , unspecified future all homes wll be ie that ?
Bult by uing the mot modern technolog , full of h lates inventions which a ca creae ?
Of course , for people to live btter , but it woud be useful to odrn house to be onstructed so as to do not daage he environment .
I thi ite few scientists still surprise us , and the house of the fure will go beyond he imit of our imagination .
DEVELOPMENT IN E TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
There has been mjor changes regarding the teaching aroach in te last few ears , t there is till ro f improvemnt .
If we focu on th teaching of Englih as a foreign language , we possiby could s thi oe clerly .
In th ely 1980s the aivity in t classroom was focused on grammar .
Hwver , speakng , istenng ativities and h massive ue of I.T mark the schedule owadas .
All these chages make h learnin proces much more un , creative d pracical for the studens .
The new eachng aproch is based on o student can effectively e the language rather than on the nowledg of e language they actualy have .
Ts ne outlok on e teaching procedures consists of the use of te so caled alternative assessent as a way to ealute learns ' skill .
A gramar es shows knowledge aot he language , whrea altrnative assessment sws learners ' ability to efficaciously use the angage in he context of a al situation .
There are many reasons for sin aternativ assessment echniques : lerners demostrate things leare , te responsibility , otivation y increase and they hav the opportunity to use langug or ctal urpses .
It is imprtant to noice that the difficulty to crr ou he chane towards the ew teaching aroach- referred to bve- lies no with the udents tmselves but with h ld generation of teachers , sie thy sometims hv trouble applying e ne outlook on eucaton mthos .
In concluon : The w of teaching is channg in th lat few yer all over Spain .
The mn reason for that ould be found by overlooking t tters lated to ew teaching mthds dvelopd recently .
However , a moth transition to t e appoach is still necessary to overcome the masie education - related challenges Spain ill have to ace in th upoming ears .
In the ea 2020 here was conflict between Japan and the Uted states .
h conflict wa de to tend creation , citizens between oh untries ante to ee who reaed better and biger trends .
Tis cnflict was an inentve or clothng soes to sel new and weird thns f a higher pri .
Law enforcers also wanted f their country to win , and in te United Stat polceen arested any aanese person they w nd sent them ba to Jaan .
h apanee governmt mae a coptition to see whch of hei citizens as h best trend - setter .
he wnne 's reward wa the ability to rule over Japn for a y .
Afte tw ears , e winner was dcided , an he made Japn go into pvrty .
One the ay was over , the Jpanse government tried to rvers a of the damages done , bu it ws impossible .
The inne h changed Japan 's landscape , what once as te amaing ci of Tokyo now was a sad an dirty ty .
Japan akd the Unte states o help , ty gladly agred , and hey draged Japan back up to their normal status .
Jaa ot a lt , but it a able to g bc up on its feet .
Everyone as happy for some ti and true pec between the cuntrie of the world h been achieved , bt hen te Unied tates enslave Canada and tried to enslae Jan as well , but he were able to defend themselves .
Japan launched a counter attak and enslaved h Uned Stte , and then proceeded to conqer t world .
A new r was ceate , it was the most brutal ti period in h history of mankind , it was known as mn thng most people nmd it " The pan Era " , b it was so brutal tat the official name w " The Dark Yelow r "
I wud like to recommend th folowng mve : " The perfume " .
This vie can be considered a classical thiller , t with svera aspects tt makes it unique in this gender .
Fst of al , the istorical eiod is the victoria a in France .
Landscapes ae rally wnerful .
The buildigs , dreses , a habits of popuation are dispayed in ul etail .
Seondly , we have an amazing cript that can be considered unique .
Te story tl us the importance of te erume in l aspcts of r lifes .
T movi 's main plot decribes e early yers of our tarrig , a poor orphan , wich tas advantage of his powerful smell sese to fn ou nw jobs .
We will discver te importace of a uniue fragrance nd how to mi h ngrdients in th right proportions .
This ea wil rate the atmosphere to tl us a story aot crie and ssion .
ially we wi discove a fantatic ending that we would never imagine though the moi watching .
h ovrall rate of this movie is eally high and it is a movie to remembr forevr .
Nevertheess this is not an a auiences movies , becae it ontain har scenes ot suiale f chidre .
If peope can rent this mvie or watch it online I would encourage wach it as st as possible .
Few other odern movies are so great in comparson .
e two hours tha u will spend watching the movie will beme niqe in your li .
Many peole believe tha public transport will be replaced by private one in the nearest utre .
Th ain reason is e connience of travelling by cars in comprson ith using pubic transport .
part from tat , there ar mn ohr benefits in buyng a ca instead of using ses or unergrund every y .
First of all , an automobile give uch a valuable thig as pivacy .
For example , driving a car we n wear whatever we at an listen to the music on any vole .
If th ca is large enough , it can be even a perfect plac fr sleep .
Additionally , if we are eage to travel utside the town in order to hav om est fom a hctic rhyth of lif , it wil be more comfortable for us to use our crs .
Only our n vehicle c provide us wt an oprtunity to in y quiet and pleasant pla ouside the city .
Public tranprt can ake us us to certain locations .
Ts , it is cear that prvat transport uch as automobiles h plnty of adntages .
On the ther hand , we a stuc with difrent problems whle traeling by car .
Fr instance , saying in traffic ams always steals muc our prcius ime .
Cr accidnts are e typcal reasn for ths phenmenn .
It mean that travelling by cars c ven be more dangerous than using public ransort .
Geneally , bus drivers are ch or experiened th autombie os , therefore , accidents caused by public trnsport happe quite rarel .
Ti makes travelling by public transport much safer .
hu , I would aru ht driving a car requires muc attetion n understading that careless behaviour on e road can make a seris amae to other people .
In conclusion , I believe that ubli transport ll eventually lo is dominance u to h act ha l popl want to be independent and travel on their own .
Anna knew tat it w gog to be a vy specia day for hr .
h was woen up very early by e un coming thrgh her window .
She opened er sleepy eye , smiled etly and g up from her bed idly .
She et downtairs to t oy bathroom and had a hoer .
After that , h resse up and went to the kichn to make a reakfast .
She turned on th mic and tarted to prepare a halthy meal .
After aetng delcious sla n diking ta , she went to e ro to do r ar d put th make - up on .
Anna s a bit stresd , but she a sre , that everything ill be lright .
While she s etting rea , s hard a doo bell .
She cm dow and opened the door - it w e moher .
They hgge d smiled to ach oth .
Anna 's moher loked at her tenderl and hugd her one again .
She came in and noticed tt e dughter is a lite nervous , so she decided to ake a coffe , i and talk r a wie .
As they were talking , Ann 's best fends came up .
Thy looked really cherful ad excited .
ey quicly to h upstairs to the roo .
fte oe time friends ce own and ol Ann 's mother , ha she is rea and she is gin to come in a while .
h stood up n look at hr daughter oing down t stairs .
Ana ooed incredibly beauifl .
Her mum came to her nd ugged hr really affectonately . "
It 's yor big y .
n of the mos imporat moments in yur life .
I am so happy " ai moer with a ar in e e .
It ws Anna 's weddn da .
Aiming hg !
My all - tme fvourite sort is basketball .
I started playing at t ae of even , when my moher encouraged me to in a basketbal club .
It was ver enjoyable ro the onet , d as been a fantastic exprience to earn the sport togethr wh othr chilen .
nother key factor was the coc , h kew o to convey the skils and techniques to children .
Moreover , I wa ascinated by the eling of belonging to a am in hich ach memer hares e ame gol d valu .
Ths is an important feature that will als help anyone in all phere of lif .
One also learns to work ha and discipied in orr to chiev success .
All these points led to me playing basketball for almot thirty eas now n I 'm still hooed by it .
If smeone woud a me for advc on how to start laying basktball , I woud probably sggst tating wih a trial practise ad if the person enjoys it , he / s can join the cub .
When choosing a lub , I beiee it 's important that an expeience coac is present who knws how to teach t basics .
Yos faithfully ,
F.
One of my fvoite restaurnts in Málaga is called u d Shine .
Is situated in the city entr , near th seaprt .
It is a differnt kind of restaurant , bcause o can ind o ony the typcal Spanish ood , also shes from different par of the wld .
ht I lk most of hs restaurant is that it ofrs healthy and balanced food , e flavor is fantastic , the od very tasty and careful cook .
You can enjoy origin food , good ualty on a budget .
On the other nd he urroundings e odern , te pac is airy nd cosy .
Th waiers are very welcoming an inforative so yu feel very comfotable .
Al the ingredients a very fsh ad of he hghest qality .
In my inion t salad is th bst optio , with a big rane of tye fro diffeent ountries .
My favorite oe is te talian salad , because it is healthy and e sauc thy u is savoury d strange .
Finally I realy recommed his resauant , espeally fo couples or finds tht wnt to ty sething different and newfagled .
ear Paul ,
I hope ll is el ith o .
I 'd like to thank you fo he lovely experience ou offered me .
I ally enjoye helping t at he cocrt last month .
Unfortunately we i n't get the chance to see ec other that nght .
I suppose yu 'd like to har about my experience .
I startd the evning by welcoming everyne an appointing tem ther seats .
I enjoyed ti very much , bcause I got the chan to meet a l of people .
Lter hat venng , I worked behind the ba .
During o hours I serve riks .
What I enoyed h mot , was helpin bakstage , where I got the chance to ee e artists .
They wee suc ic people d reall appreciated my hel .
At the n of the evening I word at the arking lt .
All in a a great experiec ! Y can rely on my hel next ya !
Thks agn o th lovely expience !
Regards ,
mille .
Dear visitors ,
elcome to the historc town of ncaster!o re now in the viratng heart of anashire .
Lancaster is situated ose to e Iri Sa und just arud t cner ou wll find t stunning lak District with its romntic lkes a eaks .
hn y ae isitin Lacastr you can discover ay histric shts such as te Castle d Prory , te Judges Logings or e Ashto Merial ich overlooks te ity .
However , the ity centre also offers just as uch oppornities for ou to go shoppin .
hateve o eed , somone in Lancaster will ell it to you .
Whethr u wn a fancy btle of wine , a secondhand weddng dress or an antique clock yo will ind it in Lancaster .
Yo ar offered the standrd g brands lie M&S , Nx , Wterstones n othrs , but ou ca as find little pivte hos selling all types of oods .
If youe are leavig the main roa and tn int h lttle aleys you will in charming tea rooms n goregeous antiqu hop with a wide range of ancient goods .
However , if you are oking r lite godie f ur family members , you shold isit t shop close to the casle .
wic a eek a sreet makt offers guest a resiets a id range of diy goos whic ha been harveste in h aea ad re sod by locals .
Canda is a nation built of citizen - solders .
From slders wh served in the trenches of France to the ceremonial funtins in the naion 's Capta .
Natha Cirillo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
A member of e Argyll and Sutherand Higlandes of Canada , he was klled at the Tob of h Unknown Solir in October 201 .
He was standing gard , at th memorial , when he wa sht dad from behind at point blank .
Oe yr later a comemration of his passing w ceebrated .
His death shocked a nation .
Unarme , at attetion , and potectng he memory of thoe o ave the ultimate sacrifice , his last moments and those who came to his assistance , exmplify the re aning of being anadian .
Canada is a peaceful nation always ready to wear te unifom when called uon by t country .
Events like these cofim that nada is no longer immune to attcs on home sol .
Dear Sir or Mad ,
I am wrting in rely to your advertiseent in the European Observer of Aril 7th for a post at USA Smmr amp .
I am aged 44 , of Autrian nationality , married a hold the Cabrdge Enlih Advanced certificate sice ast summer .
I would welcome an opportunity to work in the USA this summer in order to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am ud to working ha . I would be happy to support he USA Summer Camps tam in ery aspect .
I am so xperienced with childr , having loke aer my sistr 's dughters ae 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
Whenever possibl I take th irls ou r a swim or a ride on thi bik .
It is also a good idea to play adinton and miiglf with them .
In the evenings , sning , dacing n trchligh walks a a oo alternative to watching TV .
Frter , I ored as an au - pir in Frace and Canada , where I watched over 3 , respecively , 2 chilren .
Finally , cooking is a hbb of mine an I would be happy to wor in th kithes too .
I look forwrd to your reply at your earliest convenience .
Sincerely yours ,
atrick
Eang wi strangers .
In te growing " sarin " cnomy , nlne comunities are offerin peer to pee for almost anyhing .
O of my favourite is eatwith.com .
It 's a website hic llow me to taste food ro aond the world without moin from my city , at the same tme that yo ca spek different languages and meet new people .
Th best thin aou this web is that very asy to use .
Firt , o have to select the ct N York , Barcelona , etc .
eond , o choose a mn and make a reservation .
You an use this e if you e a touris or ju someone wo wnt to njo a dinner in yur wn ct .
On the ohe hand , if you are a professial or an aateur chef , yu 'll earn an extr money .
her 's ohing like share a me with loal people , it offers you te possility to lean from somone who lve in h place .
The wedding of my nce was celebrated in Barcelona lt weeke .
It a te most exciting a beautiful party I have ever ben to .
First of l , my moter , my childen , my prtne ad I took the train in Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
It s a plaant journy that laste ol t hurs .
When we arried in Barcelon we went by ai to the hel , which my brother hd previously ooked , and there we et wih the relatives : my rother , his wife , my nephews d of coure my niece ( h bride ) .
My brother 's wife 's close eltives were also there .
We all nt togethr to hve luh to a nerby restauan .
After unh we could have a ap or start to prepare f the wedding .
I maaged to make my mother have a siesta , so that h ws mre eneetic f te party .
The mariage ceremon tok place at a onerful churc , there were flowers eerywhere , lie musi , hre hundred guests d of couse , the bride n the bridegroom , h most beautiful an ppy cople I hv er sen as fr as I an reembe .
Hundeds of photos wr taken before , during and after th wedin .
The party was hel in a are garden ner t bridegroom 's fthrs ' house .
A histoic buildig in one of the mt lurious places in Barcloa .
There were delicious snacks a drinks beore th dner .
h dinne wa a thre ain coure meal whch had ben aefully chosen by the nw couple .
e arty coniued with a spenid dancing until seven in te morning .
Taking a rak between leaving school n starting cllge seems unecessary .
If you are wealthy , or you oe from a amil where your fater can rovide you with os of e thins you wan , I sugst goig to college straight awy will be a ood iea .
Some of us are afri to travel becase of the newborn cases of SI .
Terrorism is everywhere .
as shootng , mbs , hckin to security sytm can ppen any time , any a .
ot ny of us r gig to ik ou livs , especially en we al ow we are goin to hae a fresh sart in college .
Howevr , fr those who elly need to fo t ney to y ollege loans , it is best for them to take a year off and rk ar time at a afe , or somehere reotely interesting .
It is se for tm to find some time to sve some mney so hey wold nt ed to struggle during collge .
Howevr , some js wa to have oe un , atr years in high school , after so many eas of brea u , afte so any years of eating cfeteria food , it is time to find ome enjoyable time it quaiy frind d wth mouth - watering fod .
he jt want to forget abot th past and focus on he preset .
In their mns , it is al bout having n bu is it really what it is ?
Wa if tey foret themselves ?
Wha if hey chned into some monstr they cn not uppress ?
Wh if dugs , alcohol , cigarettes took ver their liv ?
Is that hw they want to start clege ?
The real qestio is , do te ant to actually be an alcoolic and a drug addict when he enter college ?
Lok , th are still very yung a they are all pon to bad influences through paris without parentl control .
Hnc , if there is no ason to take a yr of , js go to clege and start studying .
Thre is absolutely no time to waste your youth on drugs a alcohol .
2 ear ago , I was a bad guy ho wanted to figt anne , so no e wanted to be my friend .
One y in the post , I had an argument wih a m wo studied in th same iversity as me , n I challenged him to fight wih me : I thought it would solve the problem between us .
He di not wan to fight wi me beause he was smlle tan me , so he just gnored me n waked away .
That de me get crazy and angry , so I knock m down wh ny one nch .
Aer that he od the teacher who was responsible for at class , and called me ito her ro and asked me questions .
At that time , I was eall roud of myself that I could beat m so easily .
The ay after , I was hnking eely ad just realized tha I was wrong ad soud not hurt i becau I was angry .
I deided to alk to im ad ske him to forgive me .
I felt relieved he forgave me .
his tory tells us that sometimes we a not control ourselv , but we should be alne d think psitivey or tae a ep beath , nd hes will make us calm dow .
Hi , my name is riscila and I just realized tht I am a rter , oo .
I am Brazilian d I trted to lrn how to write in Portuguese when I wa 7 years ld .
I think hs period whn we tart to wre is magical , becaus we can access an enre nw commuication world .
rom 7 to 18 years o , I ainly wrote for scho during classes , homwork , a tests .
When I was 16 , I lid in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I was an exchange student n attende ig cool there .
hat ws the fist time my work as assessed by the way I rot in English .
is exprince was ery importan and mde me more confident about my English skills .
Back to Brazil , during colleg I strte researching and wrting aout econmics .
I lov economis , so I kept studying a I have t a masters and a PHD gree in lbo economics .
I h to writ a dissertatio and a thesis and , I ll not lie , these wriing processes were ve hard , bt I leane a lot about academic writing .
Today , I work as an economics prfesso at he edral University of Goia , in Brazi .
Because of my work , I ave to wrt all th tie to my students , to my colleagues n to the acaemic community in general .
I an to discuss t resul of my reserc ith evryone tat is interete in it , from Brzil or fom any othr plce in te wold .
Therefore , for me , writing in Enlish , nw , is ore important than eve .
I expect tat tis corse will help me deveop my nglih kills , so ht I can wrie my papers , communcate and discus my research in more effective way .
In moden word , public transport ecome less mpotant as travelling by c is said to be me cnveient . Traelling by car also reduces their tm of journey an tey do n't need to wit for a particular s .
It may as ecause as peple re getting richer hey do n't eed to go for a public ransort as more comfortable option is lways here waitig for em .
Thouh public tansport is more avantageous to t environment , people jst want to ge thi personal needs satifie .
The world is movng fater and evryne hs to be fas enugh to compete with ths modern world .
While comparin the awbacks of public tansport with modrnized vehicles , pulic transport may not sees to be a btter choc .
But this is not true .
Mre usge of vecles ay cause serious prblems sch as depletion of natural resources ad environmental isues such as pollution .
Altough h mainenance os of ca is quite expensive , it does not stop people frm usig as since conveniene maters to them the mos and not mone .
Many people think th public trnspot is only or poo n not r rch .
If it continues , no resource will be spared o th uture generation .
Everone should remmbe , " Natre has enough resurcs to stisfy u neds , ot ur red . "
Nowadays , ma peple around h gobe ae tryig to acquire a second language , whn it cmes to deide between laning in our own country versus learnig road , we can find everal pros d cons th might get us airly confused .
On he o hand , an advantage of tudying in your ow coutry is that you would be able to shr with people with the same problems durng thir erning process as y .
However , a major raback uld be the lak of exposure to te languge tat is itendd to be learnt .
On the othe hand , e most iporant advante of tudyig arod would be precisely , h exposure , which uld help you undestand the laguag ro nativ speakers ' ont of viw and be wae of how som expressions or words r actuall used .
However , as a isadvantae , we ust consider the cost of studying abroa , ecuse it ca be rather xpensiv .
To m up , the best way of learning English , or rather he est plc to do it depends on each person 's means and learning yle , u definitel it is possible to acquire a second anguae both at home and abroad .
Pele ty to skip Good Friday becue , her is no feast in th day .
Moreover , it is the sombrest day in a year , which recalls pople te Crucifiion cased by pope 's ins .
People refe to eet happiness and poitve thinking then talking out a death and a suffeing .
ey nt to si this y and move to Easter Sunday- h dy of happiness nd renewal .
Accordingly , he autor compares the Eater to a pan prin estival , wee pople were joul ecuse of spring cmig just as a Christians 's cheerfulnes of the Resurrection .
2 . We flinch frm consideration of Good Friday because we do no like thinkig of a sad stution .
People choose pleasant ntertainments ntead of talkig abut a dth , a suffering n a sef - scrifce .
Today eple r not willing to arifice themselves for other people .
veryone is individual nd worries about hemseves , because it is easier way to live .
Above all , peole are not sd to undrg suffering and what is re brutal death .
4 . e author menions the orign of the word ' compasion ' , in order to remn pople th meaning of that od .
It refe to ' suffer wth ' .
Neverteess , pepe make hi compassion tide aay , because it is t painful or them to stand that .
ot ony they u way fom uncomfortabl situaions but tey also prefer to see them on screens .
Actually , tey choose te God Lie , because they an o cp with the own suferig without cutral understandng .
I at to wrie about t best vacatio I eer ha .
It took pce bou two years ago .
My school friends nd me wnt to Dominican Reblic , it 's a Caribben conry with amazing beaches .
En though I do n't like lces like th , I rathr enoed this ri a lo .
Myb it s ecaus I was with my friends and I could fin many as to spend my time wit them or it uld also be th get envronment .
I remembe we got tre the first of October on a Satuay night , ad I will nve forget te rush of warmth I fl as son as I stepped out of the plane .
Firt , I thoght tha it as sometng le causing th warmth , b lter on I learned that h weater was ik that all he time d I ut had to g sed to it .
When we t to e resort we al checked in and went to o designated roms . I was sharing a room th my fried Emily .
After unpacking we left our ro to see t et of he resort .
We und a cub , 3 bi pos , sorts fied ad , of course , th amazing beh , houh we could n't see mh of it becus it w really dar at night .
The next dy , we mad sur to go to the bah ealy and we hd a blast wi o ohr friends .
This went on until the last day of our trip .
We were , obviousy , s because this mazin tie s ending but hap as ell r he memories we shared together . I wil emember this vacton for te rest of my life .
Television is e of the os importat inventions of the lst century sne it has had a gra mpat on scieties around te old .
ince Tleision s first nvened , it as inluened different aspects of pele 's ive .
Sin Television was lauchd to the arket it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , sc as commnicatig nd advertising , ht is ay the possibility of it havng educational purpses hs bee widely discssed .
Television can cetanly educate , it has grat potential r doing so becue of e wa it preents nformation a the scp of people it cn achieve .
Televiion a educt in sevea as , to mentn some : by providing and extending infrmation gvn in certain curss at school , d by prviding informtion that is not en taught at school .
It is vr excitin at entrtainmen and educatn n be merged for accmplihing the spread of knowledge along the masses in an enjoyable wa .
Teleisio can educate through content whos main urpose at first was entrtaiing .
Television seres , cotests , oies , ad ne hic do it all the tme withot us being awre of it .
Dear S / Maam ,
I am wrting rgardig h advertisment on S UMME AMS .
I found this advertisement on the newspaper and I old like to sate the reass w I tink I am suitable for the job at hand .
Fist of al , I would like to point ot that I have some xperience in e aa , since I he worked as a grou leader before .
Last ea I a in Canada and t yars ao I fulfilled he sme role in England .
he grous I was in charge of mostly conisted of people from ages 6 to 12 , although I once ha h chance to work wit a roup of young adults as well .
Everywere I have wrkd before I have be praised for being very organised and havg the bility to deal it unexpected situtions successfully .
I lk to cosder self an energetic person .
Usuall , I do n't he mch time to spen on myself snce I am aways occupied ith something .
I hv takn rt of a basketball team since he a of 5 an I have recently become a young aies ' group 's coah .
As for my cookg ailites , I ued to work as a kithen asstant during e summertime .
I did that fr tre summmers and I till ep o at my parents ' restaurant when a an is in need .
I uld really appreciate it if yo could tke my application ito account .
If ou do , I woud also like to be sent the acommoation details , if possible , to h folowing address : 62Dssy7@gmail.com .
If yo need ay her deais , e me know so that I can sd them to yo as son as pssble .
ors faithfully .
Rosa .
P.S. I have attached my CV
ear Sir or Madam :
I am writing in resnse to your advertisement whch I saw in the Inernatonal Newspaper to apply fo the job in th USA mmer Camps .
his year , I have fnishd my dgre in Mathematics in th Univerity of Zaagza and in Septemer , I wil start to study to becme in teaer .
I as have studed Elish language for ages and I consider that I he a good lee .
Moreove , this job would be an excellent experience to mprve my ngish and be moe selfconfdent .
As for my experience , I love working with chldren and I somemes too care of my niees which they are 10 yeas l .
My degree took up all my re tme durig this yer , hweer , I trd to go on doin sport , especially runnn n playing fotbal . I also try to ep up with he last trnds in spors vents .
I dscibe myself as a sociable , responsibe , trustworthy and hardworking person which likes wrking wth cildrn .
For al tee resos , I fel that I hve a o to ofe your summer cam .
I enclose my CV nd I woul be glad to attend an interview at ay im convenient or yo .
I look forwr to hearing from yu very soon .
Yours faihully ,
My favorite sport is Footbll , but it is no a sport that I like to practise it 's a spor to ach because it 's beautiful , very cool an vy exctng to spport a team in a championship .
I am Brazilian , and as lmos erybody in my country , I 'm a big foball an .
I 've lway loved to watch soccr , since I wa a itle kid , ecause my faher was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flameno .
ctualy , in his honor I hd a Flamego shield tattooed on my bk on t left si because there wa n't a bete y to pay hoage to him than a Flamengo tatoo .
Th ord Cup is hapenin nw in my country Brazil .
I ve it whe ths evet happens , so mny incrdible games going on , best players of the wrld , thre games per a at te tart , and with vry good ookng players .
I do n't now wht eactly appen but in eery Wold Cup e atosphere changes , eveybod es hapier , Mc Donalds lanchs te tastiest hamburgers , people go u to watch ames wh frids in ba or they meet in somebody 's house .
I love the World u dspte he ct ht it bng in Brazil has brought a o of political problems , or st sow us how corrup o goernmnt n be with the huge overpriced projecs , a o of oey hat a en pet on unfinished staims , ith shmeul days in their construction , etc .
I love te World p , howeer i certainly wld av prefere if it h be in anoth country .
I love to n ecause I think it is good for my mena and psical health .
Just running 30 minutes a day , you can mprov your physical ctivity , lose eiht , and impove ou brain .
Also it help you to releae t daiy stres and is a good motivator .
Everybody needs to know out the enefit hey cn get from running .
ou start waling 10 mines ec a , ten for 20 miuts and you cn ad re minutes till tart running or 30 inute and then for an hu .
The bet lae to run is a nice spot close to th par .
Y jus need a ar of running hos and lothes appropiat for the weather .
In winter , yo ne to ut on eavy loths , hile in summer lightr clothes , a hat and par of glasses will be ll you nee .
It is ey impotnt to ut som sunblock on your face , nek and hands .
In winter I go to run for hal an our in the afternoons , but in umer I go out an r in the morings an in th fternoons to eoy the nc weather .
Smetimes , u fe that u do n't ant to do it , u believe , nce you put on ou hoe , thigs ange and you njo h rnnng as o do it all h time .
It started a few yars a wn I was a ltle vereight .
Beng a erso ta loves sports , it is hard o me to se gaining puns hough he years .
ne I decided tat I eded to do something , I started walking arond my place .
After hre months , I s running faster n he pain in my hels disppeared .
I was sill out of breath sometie , u I kept oing it because I waned to chiev my goal to lose 10 pound .
After ix months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
And ow I am runin 4 miles a day .
So , do n't be lazy , get up ad start running .
It is a gre jouny that is rth it !
Dear i / Mdm ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Smple Analyst psiion in ou Laboatory .
I hold a Master 's dege in Environmental Bilogy an , previousy , I have had the pportuity to work on international research prjcts that would provide me with t skills sets I ned to be an effective fi in yr laboratory .
Bse on my nderstanding of hs position , o offer a ful on - the - job traiing to yur employees and ecourge their involvement wit all laboratory atiities .
Ths opportunity apeals enormously to me and I el confident ht I can meet the challenges presented by uc a rle .
While engaged in diverse exerinces ( including my research internhp , environmental vlunter service , nd other tyes of employmet ) , I have mainaied andards of ecellence at niversit and demonstrated my abilit to take on a number of responsibilties as well as to effectively maage multiple oncurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
As an intr in a biologca laboratory , I have be traned to quickly learn nw fiels , think through problems in an anaytical aner a maintain lexiility wihin a deanding schedule .
As a meticulos , rganized and sult - oriented ologist , I ay reat tention to details , am sklld in atherin dt and used to kep etailed recos .
In additon , workin closl with a team of dedicated researchers h helped me understn the importance of an efficient l practice and develop my grou - oriete skills .
As a esul , I am well repare to collarate with interdisciplinary tams as wl as to be effectiv in inependent work whe I am reuired to use my own initiatie to complete a task or sove a problem .
Moreover , thrug my internip experience , I have aquied good analytical , quantitative and computer sils .
Byond my coursework , I have tae an active role in international vounteer activities for three years , in the lst of which I coordinated project fm the beginning to end .
This leaershi roe required profient communicaio skils , as I was povding suport to peope of different ge , backrounds ( with varying levels of English ) or levls of technical capabiltie .
With my relevant courseok , la expience , committed ad adaptable attitude , I am confident of exellin in ths poition . I would welcome the oportunity to jon your tam a u my skills to work for ou Laboratory .
Please fd attached my Curriculum Vtae for your review .
Tha you fo ur time and consideration .
I look forar to receiving or rpy .
hould yo need any addiional inforation , peas do nt hesitate to contact me .
Yours faithull ,
Valntia Toscano
Dear Ms. Herrman
Referring to th j advertisement published on yo homepage in Setember 2014 , I would ie to ply or t position as a Tem Mebr Anayical Deelopment .
I am a student in the last semester of he Mlecular Life Scienc program and I am looking for an anytical job .
Therefore I ws very inteestd to red on you website that ou ve a new position as an Analyticl Tea Member .
An apprentceship as a emical lab technician in a high tanard ompany and a Bachelor of Lie Scienes ith Specialization in analytical chemitry make me a highly suitabe andidate f t postio .
Furthermore I have rked uccessully fo a yar afer my apprenticeship wh iferent kind of anaytical method d I cold mprve my knowledge in hs are .
esdes , I hve worked always productively in a team ad G ws common .
This job in Develpmen would enable me to transfer my learned proficiency into pactice in yur company .
I am confident that my experiences n interpersonal skils will strengthen the tem .
I am looking forward to discussing is nd other igibility in an itrview ith you .
Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 3 45 67 at any time .
Thank you in advance for coniderin my applicaton .
I am eagerly anticiating to haring from you .
Yous sincerely
Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finh is a roun character .
She is the narrator of the story .
H outter loo seems lie a little rl .
he is da haired , vey thin and small .
Talkin from h uter lo , one can easily se hat Sot is n " e usal " gi .
Scouts charctr is ki of a tomboy .
She does not like to dres like a ad even wn aut Alexandra tris to me a lady out of er , cout refuses to dress or speak like one .
From the uside to h ine qualtis .
Scout is a rally smat gir .
In young age , efore se wn to sool , she started radig .
H intlligence in oung age was a Prole for her techer Miss aroine , because nve ha such a well - educated ppl before .
Instead of celebratig it , she sohow inhibits Scous learng .
Due to that Scout gts bod ad starts to hate school .
Furthermore Scot oft racts ve impulsive , mstly in young ae .
She oes aftr Waltr Cningham aftr she ets in trouble on his behalf .
lo hn h had troube with her cousn , because she clled Atius a " nigger - lover " Scout beats e up .
In h first part of the nove , fighting is a technique tht work for Scou .
For r it is a mthd to mke her mind clar .
Later on cot begin to understand , o eas because of he father d brother , ht it is important to think before talkig .
Someow she rverts ck to her old ways .
To cclude cout is a sat gil wt tw sides .
On h n hand Scout ats very impulsive d is an obstreerus tomb ut on t oter an h is ve cleer and moe aut than oters in her a .
Scut always develops te story .
Dear Ali ,
How e things with you ?
r u still rking ll h hors d ses preparing o your exams ?
I 'm sorry I haven't written f ae , t I a very busy with the chool project I had to do thi month .
Thak again for all yo hl .
I 'm very gad I can fnaly do something for you after everything you 've doe for me .
So you need informatio bot my counry 's eating cusos ?
el then , let 's start with th time we eat nd wha we eat at those moments he in ollad .
On weekdays , Dutch people ke their breakfast , hic usuall consists of a fe sadwiches , somewhere beten 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. In h weknd , we tend to slep in n therefore ake our breakfast a bit later .
Around 12.00 a.m. , mst people hav luh , whc also consists of sandwiches and is jst as light as breakfast .
he the cock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time f innr , the ony warm mal of the d as well as e heaviest meal of t day .
Let me als tell you soethin about traditional utch meals .
he most imporat ones re probably hotcpotches : mashed potatoes d vegetables , oft combin with smoked sausage .
In my opinion , some of them a absolutely revoing .
A traditional utch meal which I think is fa more tasty , cnsists of little thick panckes , seved am wi eltd butter and icig gar .
Those pancaks are cled " poffertjes " .
They an be eaten any tme of th a , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
Wole genrations are brouht up wth thi dih , yummy as it is .
Is this nogh information for your proec ?
If y want to knw more bot Dutc eatin habits , just wre to me , d I 'll wite back , giin you a other information you mgh need .
Anyway , I really ned to stop ow , ice I hae got to get down to my homework .
ll the best with your project ,
Sznne
My favourit y to travel is most definitely by plan .
There e many reasons why plane travel is h wy to go .
First , on a plan , I can get to my destination mch faster .
his means I an actually go place .
In a few hous me , I a t to sm f - awa destination .
I can mk it a quick tp , o .
I cn go to Paris fr a long weekend , for exame .
The plane will get me there quckly so tat I can av
go shopping , a ome lovly rech mels , drink ts of ne and return before work on Monday .
Boats trp e lon and bring .
I wt on an Alaskan cruise in 997 .
It a freezing ld and ost of th time we
ere js sitting on the hi wit nothing to do t et .
I also go a sic .
I definitely do n't reommend it .
Trains ar also oring , uless o tae a bullet train , and I get mtion sickness .
Therefore , when it coms to ped a being able to go places , planes are definitely he best tpe of trasportation available .
I highly recommed a plne tri as soon as pssble .
In today 's intercultural world , one of t best asses people nd natons can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cutura values diffret from their o .
No wonder mot training includes intercultural comunication and cultural awarness course .
Hwevr , it is prbabl a trism th reading about or watching films about a county a oly ale subsitutes to actually goin to vit a place and expeiencin e difference yourself .
nd te longer you stay in a place difeent from what u ar accustomed to , the re opportunities you have to reay uderstnd what mak people behave a cerain way , ht tey really like an dislike and w ther community wor .
It w a calm eveing .
One cul lmos feel the silence .
It was as if a uge storm s coming .
No o in h nighborhood h a cue of wa was but to hapn in th next few hours .
All of a uddn the as a lud voice hat echod trugh the neighborhood , ad one can almost imagine the silence shatering lie a gls .
People strtd emerging from their houses , their fae soed with fea .
Not knowing where the sound a com from , they we pulling out smrtphnes fr eir obe d jamming their fingers on the screen .
Almost al of them re head houtig in pic " There has be a terroist attack in o neighborhood " .
But there was only oe o knew what nd whr tha explosion had occurred .
He wa in isbeief , flabbergaste , never expecting that the prsn living next or ould do something so heinous .
ut a day befe Mchael was arguing with his frnds that Rashe a a vy nic uy .
Wl educated , open - inde , a liberal at best .
So what if he riginate fro the rab peninsula , that does n impliate ht he is a trrorist .
He has been living in h U.K for t ast 20 ars .
Bt ths act was u of question .
This was somehng ta could o be argued on .
Not knowng wh would be the intellectual thing to do , the fst thing that came to his md was cllin the police .
Afe brieing te call respondent about evey detal that he ad known bou Rashee .
He darted oward te backyard , jumped oe the heds .
prined twrds what seemed lie flames , ny to find Rased standng across it , bod protruding from his rght hn .
In just a spl second the whole incident s explained .
What Miael tought to be a terrost tack w a g cylinder explodn .
First came the conuion ad hn remrse .
Knwin tat he a jeopardized his friendship wih Rsheed he uiely turned to his house .
Mchael closed the oo ad knew at that moment he had mad a mistake .
Shoping n be seen as h os effectiv way to spnd free time .
Whenever there is a possibility to bu a new im , on sould follow it .
Shoppig becm h way of life for se pple , who find it as a hobby as wll as pleasant activity .
Hoever , it is not always enjoyabl .
uficient to s , buying ew items y be viwd as a waste of time .
Shoppin withot purchasing anythg tends to be exhausting .
There is lso a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
Often , it tns ot , that purchase shud not take place at ll , the reason being ck of money .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as mporant as money .
The mn reaso fo hs is the at tt free time uld be spet in a mre sopistcated w .
Likewise , the joy of shopping is dependent upo the item ne nten to puchase .
Obviously , shopping for food is no equivalent to purchasing garments .
The article " Sairway to Heavn : Gothic Architecure , Heavy Meta , and th Aesthets of Transcendence " is an unparaelled one in term of e discssion it vokes .
T utor stats his discusion by discussing is partcular passion o e Gothic rchitecure , d is pasion is rather vivid thoughout t entire article .
In oer to explain te nature of the Gohc rchtecture and i mjr aspects , he autor effciently employs the musical analogie .
On of the major arguments in th arile is te comparison etween Gotic rchitectue a Heavy etal oc msic .
Bork believes ths very comparison to be an efficient oe , as it employs he paralls th are easiy understandal for a wie aience de to h uilizatio of simple trms ht ey an relate to .
Furthermore , he find tt thr are many similarities between t devlopment of Gthi architcture nd Heav Metl Roc sic .
For example , th purpose of th is to nduce ae d , the both emplo the concets of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
What is mo , these styles usually tn to abadon e classical tendencies , ad both ose in a respons to a new demand in he culture .
The ubli transport system is overbrdene today .
The nmber of peple accessing publi transport a outweighs th numbr of people the transport sysm was designed to hanle .
e trains and buse are crowded , and neer rous and not reflectig the changing demand .
Mass roduction h made as more affordable to t middle class in recent years .
Also , e increae in disposable income s given more buying power to consumers .
Bot thee factors hae l to increased purcae of crs over te last few yrs .
This ted is kely to continue in te near futre .
Publc transport can t rival e eer mobility that crs ffe to teir oner .
Cars have the ability to take y from your home to yr place of work , witho n stopvers .
If you have to take a train , you hv to reach the rain sttio by waling , aking a ti or taking a bus .
Further , after you boad of e train , you aain have to find you wy to your destination by ither aking or usig anoher mod of ranspot .
Cas mk it easier to transport children and lggag .
They are sfer and leaner .
Cars ae here to stay .
The ae , howver , can not be said about pubi transport .
Alisn rd the te , sild , a immeditely t on he cat .
he took a heavy sih of relief as all t panic w finaly ve for her !
Her erry ed fe glitened vigoroul in the golen brown suset lke a perfectly baked pasry , as the las of he sun 's rays eamed down oer e horizon .
Stepping thoug th rip autumn aves , Aisn coul hear them crackling and crunchig uder h feet , filling the nit ith sounds from th past .
At this oit , h vivid strands of grass we arly visible ; t darknes had covered them like a blanket on a n br ab .
Fnaly , afte a f minutes of wlking , Alison approached a tee .
S sat down in t freezing cold night shivering nevousy as she watched the mud from the grond stain hr obidian blck leggings .
In the distnce was th ound of panti , it ca like a ut of wnd in the still silent night .
In the blnk of an ey , a smal dk figure spd ove to Alison .
It jumped arun eociously as if evrythig was just a am and tt is hen Alsn realised things we now so muc bete th before ...
Choosing a favorite eason woul be iffcult becase they are all special to me .
hy each hve something to off and ar uque in evy way .
Winter is on of my faorits beaue it is so beautiful to see everything covered wit a whit hee of sno .
It also cools you dw rom l th et left from the summer and into e fl .
You have fun wth you family making snow angels d have snowball ghts .
prin is a god easn because it is between winter a summer , temperatues ar t t old and not to ho .
Yu re comfortable wearing a light jace outsie instead of a heav wa ca .
Yo can walk and smell the flowers beginning to flourish .
The birds sta ciping earl in the morning .
It lets y know tat summer is near nd so is summe vaction .
Summer is great becaue it 's time to ag up our shoes nd relax .
There is no more scol a y can go to slee late nd ak up lae .
Relaives vii or you ca visit them .
Yu c lo do some traveling and explor nw places .
Relaxing in e pool on a floing luge chair enjoying cold emonade is e ultimae experience .
utum is also a grt season ecase of al h colorful eaves aling even though they a a hassle to pk up , speially in te pools .
You can av fun wling with friends d admiring th different shades of colors on the leaves .
The different clors warm your sou .
Autumn is sh a calm seson .
The laes tur beautiful tones of yelo , orne , and d .
Everyone is tarting over wih a n las , a new eacher , and some new friends .
hn you drive by the neigborhoods u noic that familes are all gathered in ome kind of clebration .
You g such a warm feeling .
It 's suc a peaceful time .
Now ou know y I can o choose one of te seasn .
All of them are special in vry wa .
I ove hem ll .
I 'm jt glad I ge to enjoy evey igle ne .
Da Si ,
My nm is Natai aciejewska Quiñóe an I am a citizen of Castellón .
I am witing this letter to infrm you about a srios prblm that we are hving in th cit .
Recently , things have been disappearing fm our hmes .
We he called t police , bu thy ignore us .
h first w days , he patroled t city and helped us .
owever , no it see tt thy do not cre what happens .
Th police should help and mae ur that we are safe , ight ?
That is wy I am riting this lette , to make y know what is hapenng in the cy and to tell you tat e police e o doing teir ob .
I would like e local wn counci to elp us fnd out what is happening .
eople are afraid and we need lp urenty .
I would also like u to tak to the olce department , bcause the police he to do hei ob nd make re we are al saf , no to ignore us nd say tha everythig is fn he everything is wrong .
Tank y ,
Natlia
I ha never felt so nervous ... I looked in the audience , everyone was looking at me .
On the lt side I saw my prents , okay , nhale , exae , I can do this .
I ha always reamd of ti , being a msial star on broawy .
I conpeted in singing competitions when I was younger and I ok acting casss .
My parent aays spported me , they lways beievd that I coul do this .
I arrived in New York a four months ago .
When I as taking a lk through the neighbourhood I saw ts potr bot the musical wicked ad they ee lking r soeon to lay the ad .
Of curse I took ths opportunity nd two week lae I d to do audition .
I fel like I mess up but th next y I got a all that I got the role .
I traied weeks for this , I ok extra singing an acting claes .
I i n't speak for days to are my vie .
nd finaly , he moent was thr , h opening niht .
My fried a fmiy were here to support me .
I pu on my costume and walked on ste , I had to wait ntill I opened th curtains .
Suddenl the crtains opened , t ho tarted !
Many pepl sill consider teevisin only as a w to relax , get entertained and stop tinking abut ll h problems tat might wry them .
It is also important , houg , not to underetimate all the educatonal possibilities ha it gies you , as sometimes you can lan oe rom a documentary than from a scol book .
What emerged fom e dicussion we a in class , is that plnt of stuents spn their fr time watching useless reality or TV ows , rocratinating instead of sudyng or school .
As it is a very comon phenomenon btween teenars , schools should show them tha televsion as enbles you to ear oething new .
A cle xmple is that wtchin elevision in another languae is of vit importance if you aim to lea ne vocabularies or improve your cmprensive skills , and it makes studying a language really fun nd enjoyable .
On h ohe hand , it is difficult to focus nd p attention whie you are in frn of a TV screen .
Getting distracted is extremely likely , threfore pele atchig educatona programs may end up switching the TV of or tunng over to nothr annel , as a good movie or any ohr entertainment is way mo appealing .
Had I choe whether considering television educatioal or not , I wold definitely a it is .
Neverteess , we shoud us it in an apprpriate way nd be caeul about wha is the oures of the infrmatin told during a tv ho , as th might be misleing .
Da Mr. eade ,
I 'm glad I e u and our group of overseas stuents .
I 'm sure ht you wo n't be dsappoined wth wn I lie in becase ther is a lt to se !
I 'm reall nt showing o all the interesting plas around .
To my min , you 're probably totlly exhausted becus of travel and hose fw first days when yu ad to gt to know new srroundngs .
So , as you asked me , I 'll gi you proposal of an interesting place to visit here y could take a rest n relax .
Kahl 's ark is a perat place to sed som time wakng aong aths , sitting on a bench , alking to eah oher .
In t public garden thre ar two pond ( eall ne place to sit d admire landcape ) , an atique woden church , a swimming ol .
There is also ute big concert hall where , if you ae luck , ou can njy oe interestig cncrts ( in genral for re ) .
I think it 'll be perec lae where you can spend so ree tim .
I c show y aound e place n ell a bit more abt th ct .
I can aso recommend othr plae worth seing in Bytom .
Write to me ak as soon as you decide when yo wa to go to e ak . I 'll go with you with a pleasure .
ake ce ,
Wydra
De Sir or ada ,
when I saw yu advertisement I instantly tought that I wold lie to work in on of your smmer cmps .
My na is Sraia Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at t momt , althugh I re up in the U.S. I have two childre myself , d I always liked workig with hidren .
Since my younger child moved ut las year I ave a o of re time , so I would oe to spen t summer working in one of your camps .
I am an outgoing d appy person and ke to be around pepl .
Since I us to or as a scretaran I eel capable of orgnzing sports and evening activiies , if you chooe to let me do so .
Even thoug coking is not my favorite chore I old n't in to wk in e kitchens .
After this short descripton of myef I would just lik to sy that I hv only ead ood tngs about your summer camps from my relatives in he U.S. , so it wud be my plsure to wrk f y .
I hop to hea bk from u ,
Your fathflly ,
Seraina Fnnstrmacher
Dear Sir / adam
I am writing to you with concern bou h U - turns or party hae made in roke romies .
We believe none of the promises your pty me were brougt ito action .
It was sid you would stand up for lderly and il people but nothing had changed .
ecuity ginst terrorsm tacks were promised to be step up but poiemen are not seen in t sreet and either are seurity cameras .
Peop were cunting on this party to increase pbic xpenditure , t pension 's mey ae stayed the sam .
People really nee thes improvements nd yu ony ge them fake hops .
One of the ms disappointing tpics is hat you played down the situaio we are living and the neessities people has .
We were told this paty wuld speak out ainst corrupton , bu now it is your own policy , n promses sem they ee a bad joke .
o mae huge U - turns by rasing taxes d changing your poliie .
We look foward this lettr wil make you bak down and apooize to the oes tha voe for your le .
Fortunately , we discovered the real pocy th party has and is raly coming under fe .
People are nticing your promises are not oing to be made an I am se her will be penty of peopl complaining about the lack of re in your promises .
You faithfully ,
ara Clvilo
Ln of Duy , a pwerfu and gripping draa that ges the natio talking
Line of Du is a Britih plie drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about te investigations of AC-12 , a controversil Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
A large st of characters appears though t episodes , being the ommo thread that connects t two seasons t reglr ons : Martn Compstn ( as DS See rntt ) , Vicky cClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbr ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
Therefore , th first chapter ftures Detective Sergeant Seve Antt , a hi - ying cuntr - terrorism offer , wo is recruite to AC-12 ftr refusing to colde it his colegues in the oer - up of a failed opeaton in whi a man ws mistken ho by anoher p .
He 's o of AC-12 's leading invetigtors although he sometime h the tenency to et his ersonal feelin sws hs rofessional judgement .
Fleing ply h partne 's prt , an AC-12 's undercover specialist , who pides herself on being e consumate proessional , unmoved by emotinl considerations .
Both of thm hae supeor , Hastings , h remains te ethically upstandng nior investigating officer ; zelus and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of te .
Ev togh bein widely recognised for his impecable ethical standards , he hds a dratic change in hs pesonl cicumsances .
Their scee ae repeatedly tlen , though , by te el sars of h show , h officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( CI Tony Gate ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Linsay enton ) in te econd on .
Wit calculated precision , t lot hathes a stor wer tre are no oodie and addies , d throws in a few twists and turns hat makes your mot rp -inded , Deteciv Cif Inector Tony tes hs adopted a t of particular ethis principles an neverhelss , he 's doed by i lol tea , has got a ce faiy ad has reently been awardd " Officer of t ea " .
To nclude , those h ultimately felt miserabe aftr the ed of the selbinding seco easn ned not worry ; lie of Duty writer Jd Mercurio ha en commissioned by the BBC to wrt third d fourh seis n if y haven't tried it befor , you 've just aout got tme to catch up .
Were o a UK toust coig to Switzerland or a sort weeend break ifteen years g y wud have fond yourself in a ituation that no shos wuld have Sunday openng hours .
I clarly remember bringing milk and bed or from Heathrow in Sday morning !
Bu te situation is compltely diffent n !
Now o n shop on Sundays ahough your shopping spree still will be lmite to Zurich raiway station and e airport , not to mention some lmited hoice of simle foods at occasioal mtorwa services .
B it is an improvement to ay the east !
Although the sze of an average supermrke in Swizeland will still remind you of a medium iz village sop , thre a been impvement there as we !
We an ee ow international brands we are used to in the UK .
One ca choose eween rgani and low - ft products , soe of which re produced f from ou shores .
Bt the prices will shock and supise you , the doubl or triple t UK ons .
Not a gd experience fr ill - hrted !
If y hav srog nees , do your window hoping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürch .
But do t go in !
Yo can find t ae stuf in taly at half rice !
The old house looked abndone .
Sarah o off her bike and looked throuh t windo .
She immediately niced that the lass wa bren , probably shatterd in pieces by tse boys who invited her to ply th hem at the nsion .
Sarh w not exactly the coolest girl in the scool bu she came anyways , thinkig tht abe f one se woud be acepted in their group ... u no o as to be en behd that window .
Sarah could ha never imained that the neak by were idden inside the abandoned houe ating for hr entrance th eggs d tomaoes in their hns , rady to smash them oo hr ac .
She was just abut to open e door to check the inside when ddenly a scream ecoed fom te house , te or slammed open and the grup arted running at ful sped chased by four ig spiders who just discovered that their hoe had just been occupi .
Sarah peeked throu the door and imediately raized the il intentions of te rup . "
I uess that what goes around ome around !
" she shouted to them with a mil on he fae , with this stor to tell she ill inally shu thoe ys ' mots at hool .
Somethig was wron !
S as sue about tht .
S kn hr usband betr than herself and had noticed his strange behavior for a while .
Usuallly he was energetic , ll of confidence , reay to ary .
But not ny re .
He was absent - minded l th time , he did not iten to er d hen h asked i a questio , he just shrugged his houlders or wrinkled h nose .
aye they uld not avoid h eve - year ic .
Mybe he had a mistress .
B h had no inntion to gie up .
S had fought to hd for tis lfe nd she would no et their long - stadin relationship to be ruined jt lie ha .
Tey me ch other nine years ago .
By acciden he tougt .
Accidet which a been wel prepard by her .
h ways planned r tps carefully .
Her motr was a shy woman wh did ot know ha to do to escape rom poverty d evn toug she had o or the jobs all t ime , they did t know if they would hv omewere to seep te next night .
So he wa her escape .
He was wel - ff an funny .
He a not stuid u you ould nt exet an perls of wisdom rom him .
He hd ver worked but they ha en living in a 40-room hse ith a he grden and so many servants ha she oul n remembered heir names .
Ty had ver worried abot ony - all bil were paid by his trut found .
Who would an to lose tis ki of lifestyle ?
So she decied to as hi straght away .
" r y haing a mistress?",e asked one morng when they were having breakast .
He ad t sen tat coming and became white as a sheet , raised hi eyebro and just exploded .
" Hw could y en say that ? I wou never ever do thi to you . "
At that momnt he was like a bear with soar head .
She wanted answers ad to have the he needs to be alive not dead of heat attak .
So she tried to cal him on .
" What is goig on than ? And do t ie to me ! Yu have alays be a very ba liar ! "
He held his breath fo a seond , pused is lps
and then wrs just slippe of his tongue .
" We are bren .
We do nt have y money left .
So I av found a job " .
" Are you kidding me ? Y have never wrkd in your if .
What can you possly do ? "
" I am a porter .
Every morning I went to the prt and unshipped .
Nbody ter knws me so o shold be afraid ta some of our friends would recognise me .
Nobody wil neve knw hat we are oor now " .
It was her turn to hol her breath .
She ws just nub .
He w strog as an ox , for sure , but woking as a portr ?
Ths should be sm kn of oke .
He was waiting for her respos .
She had aays een level - headed ad ted to ce up with a la .
" We c move to smaller houe or ired some of the servants ? "
" That is impossile ! Wht oud our friend sy ?
An where I wul t my wi collecio ? I would rather wok as a porter than live in a 20-oom house "
They definitely a dfferent de of pover .
But before clearing hat she wanted to ask ne oe iportant question :
Where , for G 's sake , had the money gone ? !
It w a cold winter afternoon in England when Michael was born .
Sine he ws a little o people around he ne tht tis chil a a strange character .
He wa realy oody and he could move fm exreme appinss to the most bslute sadness in a few seconds .
he he gew up he struggled to as hs illness and he became a sane , strong , handsome ung adult man .
However all eople in his neighborhoor eard him bease of is ps .
Michael a always felt alone and he a e up with tht situation .
Therefoe , he decided that he was goin to et ew eope o beginning a w lif .
At the age of twenty yeas he acheed a ob as a pesonal taier where he eared eough ony to en a ft .
In this wy , he mve to hs w neigborhood whre everybody respeed im .
One a he fell in love ih o of h emale customers .
She was a bautiful , blnd , tall , Polh girl called Magda who worked as an architct in a studio in the cener of Lodn .
Thi relationship hd en excelet since first ti tha they hd met each other and tw mnths later they decied to becom lovers .
Michael 's ne life was working out fr the bes t it is very ificult for anyn to ecape from s past .
lthough h life was perfect , he ega to fee si and sad ad he remembered is pa life when he ws a hld .
Slowly he became illness one or time .
Although he had been trying to ind ts , his personal problems we ovbious and Mga dd n't fel well with him .
Finll thir relationship roe up d Michael fel in is illness eeper than ever .
Tre months ater Magd a walkin with h new boyfriend an ichel sa em , he w otaly insane d jeaous , he caught an enrmous stk fro th narest tree nd he bt te as srong as he could .
h attack lasted to edless minutes whic ee full of uffering , blod and an .
The oung couple of lovers fell on the oor n Michael g ay to his home .
His nsne evil mind go wy ntil his fat .
At th moment everyhig changed , he remided h childhood , hs recovery and his sn life , the Michael clsed the doo a knew at at omet he had de a mtake .
In my pinion pblic tasport is doomed , ecause travelling by car is much ore covenint d at te ae tie e easiest way to reach an estinaton you wish to gt to .
On the oe hand , public tranprt is slow n uncomfortable .
People hav to t nx to other people they do n't know for a ng ti , in oher wrds , yu may be siing nt to suspicious passengers .
Pickpockets are frequen and you might end up bin robbed , losin yor money , credit ard nd personal ID card as wel .
On he other han travelling by ca allows you to establish yr w ac , even when o tavl to a place yu do o know so well .
hs means y c set te ti ou want to eve , becas yo do ot hve to espct a specific timebae .
Furthermore , you can chse an alternative road , rater than taking a in road .
This wy y il hv the chace to hav more relaxing ourney thrug the cuntryside , affic wl no be so intens and aggrssiv , nd finall you can plan the time you nt to rive , using a G or other technolology to hel you plan your jrney .
To sm up , raveling by public transport can be advantageous we you travel inside a tw , u we you hae to tavl outside your specific teritory , nothin is bete ha a r .
Michael has been worin very hard , and just semd to eally be oer whelmed by all e work he had een crying out throgh he course of h month .
Well on this particular mrning , Michael em to be getting lon quite wl , he appear to be enrgetic an very vibrant that particular mornin .
His atention to detai peared to be trst worty and correct , and normally h attention to detail is not somthing tat is challeged because of w reliable he is .
Wll as the d s coming to a close Michal ad a disinct feeling ha something jst w n't correct ut he dismissed th feeling nd contind with his da as he uslly oes .
Well the days reponsibilities in Michael 's ind had been sucesfully accomplished a he felt relly confident abo l he had accomplished .
Needles to y Mihel could n't have been any mo deceie thn he had ralizd , because the nfortunate thig is that whn he was oig his walk trouh on al of h department the inventory ta was suppos to be submitted as in fac inaccurate .
Becaue after Michel closed th doo and kw at tha momnt he had ae a mistake .
Dar Jane ,
o ae ou feeling ?
You sounded really stressed in yr last emai d I am worried about it .
A hings ettig ette today ?
I know you r der a o of pressure becau of your finl eas and I n relly undertand h yu r feeng igt nw , buied in a mountain of books d notes , with no fr time for other thins or jus rea .
I 've passed for all ti tng .
Do n't u ememer how you che me up wn things could n't get y worse ?
I thi o hold te a beak .
Nothing is worth than getting stressed out about .
If u n study in short bursts and take som breaks , yu 'll be by far more efficient in your studies than loging away for hurs on nd .
Think of it !
Another thing that it heled me a o was dong regulary sport ea hm .
Jogging or gog u for a walk helped me to oost eerg leve and to cear my min .
It relly works !
What bot yu eas ?
I tnk it 's ver sefl - nd rih now I snd like yo o - is eating properl .
You should forget fast oo like McDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to eat frs oo , uc as sals , to of ruit d you 'll fe beter .
elive me !
Seriously , if hre 's nything I cn do , ease le me nw .
I 'd ov to hr fom yo and maybe we can make some plas to ee up .
Tae ca and do n't let it yu don !
ot of lov
Aioa .
What e e values of young pepe nowadays ?
To answer hi queson , the irt tin to onside is if young eope really have sincere values , or on e contrary , if they are ol siple copies of a current model of a fake ociety hch imposes unattainabl stereotpes on them .
Nowaday there a ay teenaers who lc ter own idetit .
hy spn ll their time thinki only about money , social networks or fasion .
Nevertheless , ar from arrogance and vanity , we c sti find some youg people who hae interesting personal vaues tt are used by them to dine their lifestyle .
Some alues such as solidarity d emathy , hat wre believed os , ca appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young peop tdy .
In addtion , hese personal vlues jined othrs suc as courage , curiosity , imagination n e sense of adenture , re impotan aects to onsider n they can beoe ry effctive weans to change the worl if they ar ued suitably .
Consieing all this , nowdas it is socially important a developen in positive values among yug peopl such as respect and lerance to cate honest adult peope .
The 1t entry h given a new meaning to th or Friendship .
Frm what evlvd as a comradeship between 2 people bsd on acquantance , utual interest and copaninship it h ved forth to relationships where people hve n eve met one another physically .
In the pt friend were made when poplet ea other , other than of course pen friends .
Tday with ehnology riends a md at a click of a key be it on social media or mble devics .
Friendsp a nurtured an we to time to do actities wh friends ad best friends wer limited to one or two of he closest associates .
Today th the BFF concept one has a best frind at every nok nd corer for different purposes .
Friendship stood the es of ime nd grow tronger ith disagreements igts n misunderstanding , all bng rsolved and fogotte in the nam of friendship .
Tday a mnue incident n jst ter apart a friendsi .
We de the extra ffrt to be fried in th pas a it generally oked th ways .
Today friendships are tke ake take nd very fw tan the test of time .
Friendshi oday is friend or friend or ah season ad reason while frendship of he past has been whatever th situation or time a fred stands throuh .
I 'm 24 years l , so I elong to e previus generation , wn fmly , school an life in general worked in a difrent wa , from my point of vi .
I have a wonderful family , mde up of my father , my mother an my w sbings ( a iser n a broher ) , both lde hn me .
I cnsider myse lucky becau I knw I a always count on them , d becase they love me as much as I oe them .
However , this does n't mean at my arens , escially when I wa a child , aways told me " yes " and mde me do whatever I wanted to .
On h contrr , I gro up with many " no " , ad I do ot lways aree th the in diffent siuatios .
But they auht me al the important alue and od manners , and I 'm ateful to them for tis .
r owadys I e aroud me is wh are pease in veryting by their parents : they b them haever hy want , a behave as " friends " .
I believe that this 's wrog , because by doing so he 're not doing their el .
Parents mt be parents , and friends must be friens .
is does n't ean tat prent shud ep themselves distant from hir so ; on the conrar , a son sould tak to his fmily , skin for adce or just to confront eac other , because cmmunicaion is at the base of relationships of every kind .
I ust thk ha ac of us in our life plays a role , an that doing parents is not an esy job , u hy should t to do eir bes .
he Miracle rort Bangkok ,
The miracle is an etraordinariy large resort .
Counting 33 storie in te in building it cul be the biggest resort in Bangkok
The resort mainly focuses on chidren , hic is in my ys a good idea .
The focus on hldren ca be und in he huge contibution th Kis Club h on the daily life in the hotel .
You can find Kds Club 's Members everywhere in th hotl , except for your om .
T hoel hnles prvcy very well n I can guess ost of the guests wll apprecite it .
However , walking distance in the oel are way too fa for famlies wih yung children .
You in yourself walking five hundred meters to the imming pool .
Ta doe n't seem to r , u whn o have mal chilen , you could be walking thi twelve ies a day .
A quick trip to the toilet chages ito a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleant we y have sll chilrn .
In cnclusion , he Miracle Rsrt is a ery beautiul ad appealing place to go .
There a plenty of things to do , and e amince in t hotel is reaed , so you cn really enjoy our holiday .
A oe compact buidin would be mre aprecited by most of the people .
Finin a ne jb has becom a touh tsk o al th peope ho have ust finished heir stude .
So a l of hem go aroad in rde to find a go jo in btter conditions .
Unfortunately , my girlfrin and I ned to do it to .
I have iished my egree ad my girlfriend is jus about to do it .
Our pla is to go to Birmingham with my ousn aniel who has bn living thre or 3 years ad to stay wth im jus the time we nee until we ca find a o an a lace to spe there tree months bcause we must return in October .
As I sai before , the mai objective is findig a ob there , gaining some exerience and improving o Enlsh lev .
I think that it wuld be ite ey r Montse to find a job but I am qute worried about my opprtunties .
If I am uky I woud apply o an inteesting job , bt I think that I will aply fo a normal ob such as barman , wokin on a fctory , etc .
If everything goes as exectd a we both find a job , we wil visit te city of London .
I hope tha this adventure gs wl because we re ver excited and it would be useful in ore to fn a jo wh we co back to Spai .
Lur is the n il in town .
o cn tll becaue eyerybody loos at her ike he is some crazy murdrig k .
Most of th sudets at Laa 's new school do not talk to r ey e a little it o cautious aot interacting with e .
o can blame em ?
he al ge up together and hav been friends since tir childood .
rustrated Lra accepted her w life of solitude outsi of the secr soiey of te others .
Bt one day h colldd wth this boy .
His name w Michael .
n she thouht that this is her chan to e in , to be one of them .
B Michael ws keen on getting rid of her .
He has not spoken on wod to Laur u s followed him around sinc e incidn .
One day we she alke him oe she said : Okay , I give up !
If nobody talks to me han noe of you av the right to judg me .
I do n't wt to be a art of your life bcause if yu act like tht without knowig me than u do no deserve my attention .
He thout that ti was vey brave but he had not enoh confidence to tell her that .
He pened te or to his home , took a deep brath an trnd arnd .
Good !
We do n't wan yo attention !
Michael clod th oo and knew at that oment he a ae a misae .
" Sense8 " is a new kind of tevision eies that hs gaspd the atteion of millions of viewers fr the ist epsde .
hs TV series is presented by Netflix , an online srvic that allows is sbscribers to vie any TV Show , anywer , and in n evce .
Th first differece when compared to odinary TV Shs is th all episdes from Sason One were relased at he same time .
Ths seems like a small thig bu it represens a jor change in h way peole vw TV sow .
By releasing all episodes at once , ach se n watc each chapter at their own re and seed , devouring them all in an afternoon or only o per week .
Th series provides an unorthodox view into th lives of eiht ople ta re connected by some sort of mgial sprit .
hs connection alows the to see through eac ote eys , and even ctrol ea other movements .
In order to make h erie mr intersting , the irecors decied that ach of he eght chosen ons wuld be in a different counry .
This ecisio made th seri extraordina , wih scenes recorded in Seoul , Naobi , Sn rancisco , Mumba , London , Berin , Mexico an Chicago .
Th series rovides an amzng window into eight differen , nd extrardinary world , with beautiful lanscapes .
To s up , I wod highly recommnd this sers to anyo interested in science - fiction , bu als to anne curious aot different cultures as " Sense8 " rovide an unseen view into the liv of eight vey differet charaers , hir suroundigs , religion , and traditions .
Hi Julaa ,
Thank u f your email .
To be honest , in the quesionnaire you send , I could give a positve rspone to te ost of the quesons but I do n't consider myself a code expet .
I coul n't answer , in particular , t qustions aou PHP and MySQL .
In JavaScipt I hv some experene bu nt in he necessary qulity that is required r such a position , I thik .
Lie I told you , I 'm a we graphic deignr , among other , focused more in dign and my usge of code is vey limite .
If I have to , I search the web for informtion and implement it bu it requieres time .
erhaps is there some chne of cquiring knowledge during he eveopment of the activity .
About my CV y hae , it is up to date and you a ep it , maybe o have ome new ofr that patches better wit my pfile .
I am ver interested in multilingual jobs , with Grmn , Sanish , English d Italian , relad to mrketng , IT eb - analytics , Custoer service ...
Do n't hesitate to contact me if ou hae se ofr that you think cul fit with my background .
I 'm lwys open to n interesting uggestions .
Have a beautfu day .
món Verdugo
A Le Affair with Baking
hat is it about cooking shows ?
h is it tht whenever Ia Garten , Ana Olson or Nigela Dason is on , I td to op everythg tht I 'm doig nd jut get fixated on e TV ?
The Food Netork has become my favourite channe I can tune to it the whole dy !
It 's so relaxing and er inormativ , I never gt bord .
Cookin shows r n to watch , u my ot avurite shows r those but cakes an pastries .
I really enjoy bkng tha I often by books abot it .
Cheesecake for me is the simplest yet most sophisticated cake there is .
To ma n , just hik some eggs ad sugar , dd some milk and a e drops of vanilla d then pr onto a grasd ke n ad ak .
Afte a ople of minutes , take the cae o of the oven a let it ol own .
It 's best served when chilld , so better wt r a few mre mnues before diving int it .
To decorate the cake , ip sme cram n top wih frsh fruit .
Introdction
Th purpose of thi rprt is to outline some aspets of my experience , sc as , ith hom I taed , hre I spent the week a wh paces I visited .
I will also ke reference to sme suggestions tha mig help to iprove h excange programme .
Particularities of the exchange
ecenly , I spnt a eek in Switzerland as a part of a students exchange programme .
I staye wit a loca fmly , whc appens to be t fmily of h person tha stayed wih me when he oo part in the same programme .
s nam is John , and like me he is geting a degree in Phisics Engeeering in th he hat someday he a work at a rserch ener , such as CERNE , convinientely placed a few mes away from s house .
I strongl recmend ta the programe orgaisers shld make interest free lan , available to people wihing to participat in an exchnge .
This would allow considerable numrs of talnted tudnts to bnefi from an opportunity whch he wuld otherwise be nable to te .
Befre adresing h qustio of what is etter for young eople , I would like to emind that both activities ( spending time on a computer n watching televison ) are harmful or childen's / teen 's healt .
At e the side it 's imposble to imaie o lif withut computers d televisin .
With te help of computers young eope an met ne frien , find out a lot of information , take part in orum and discussions .
Surfing the Intrne nee imagination , loical thinking and knowldge .
Young peope are abl to choose wht ey want to watch / read / listen to , and te choice is practically unlimited .
Television ca n't give uh an oppotunity .
Precisely here is found t crux of t problem .
Thee ae plny of re ites with otent r from mraliy ; many computer game impose cruelty .
And the idea that , spending tim in Internet 's ats you eople devlp hir social skls , is problemtc .
I wi it woul be so !
But getting ue to the Intene 's rules of comunication , ty migh find it diffcult to face up to ralit , make friends in h real worl .
For my ar , I sed a o of time on my omputer ( learin Engish and working ) .
u whn I wan to relax I 'd rater watch TV with my friend tan loter awy time itting alone in fron of the comput !
This resturant is recommended to me by my unt ho was working just around the corner of this restaurant a few years ago .
This restaurant specializs in southeast Asa cuisine a it is alled The Cai .
Personally , what I love bou tis restaurant is the ambiane .
It has a uique moden - rustic interior degn suitable fr any ocaion be it a irthday party , faml gathering or ven a date wih yur loved one .
Besies ta , this restaurant is locad in h hart of one of th most oular cities in southeast Asi , Kuala Lmpur .
I was own wy by e brethtaking vew of the ciy from my winow .
om my expriene , I el that h food served in this restarant is of ine quity not to mention w deiciou t food is .
ot only that , I ws ost o choices as I flipped e meu as there was a uge variety of southeast Asian oo that ranges from ha food , Indosian od , Chinese food and the list oes on .
T food on he menu was amazingly not for ilusration purposes ny as the fo tey served looed exactly ike e one in th menu .
In my opinion , I think this is the most suitable restauran for tis special occasion as eveyoe woud ave a wide vriety of fod to oose fom nd just et t iw of the ci enhance the night .
So as e end of trm is getting cser and losr , many students ar being stressed ut ad it is cetainly t differe fr me .
t if you know hw to deal with you nervousity during exa period , you can take the success of passing eas for granted .
Firstl , crate ou imeable .
ha is one of the most cure ways to make sure , you will manage hngs on time witou ettig ny redudant stres .
Plac it in th ot vible ad strategical point in you rom and stick up to it .
Speaking of etal ad psical helt , you should definitely get enough sleep .
ithout a mind and body egneration , y will not be ble to learn as fast and as effectively as you wod after a od et .
To kick off ur day , give ur body eoug eergy , in he fom of protes .
lso , to tivate yor rin uicke , go out or a fresh ar .
h or oygn you get fr your orgaism , e easier o ll be able to concentrate on anything you do .
Last ut not leat , the xm itself is the toughest nut to cack .
ocus an go trough the iven tass lowy n keep clm .
ar ad lave the ms difficult on in the ed .
is method ill eep ur sta of mind assertiv d lear .
Good luc wh the upcoming exas !
Commnicaton is on of h igest robems among today 's teenger .
I remembe whn I was a kid the only thing I ue h phone was to call my rind to play on the tret .
The telephone as connience , someting usd to help people comunicte , to make teir lives esir .
Internet changed people 's routine .
Today , te Internet is n of th ost effetive and effiient ays to communicate .
Telephnes chage , technology beame smarter nd aows people to stay connected verywere ey go .
Ahough e large nmber of advantges that Internet d phns ve to us , the s of technology affect people 's ability to communicate ac to fac .
We communicate throgh our accounts , emails or chats .
We ut take turs talking ( chatting is maybe more corrct to sy ) and most of e ties wihout y aim .
sig messages peoe forget to s grammar or ven make fl sentance .
Bt tht 's not the iggst pobem .
The worst thig is ta people do n't know w to talk to each other , ow to make cnversation with n people or ven though old friends .
Emoticons relace emoton , chats replace calls , usernams replace people .
Nowadays comunication ac to face is something rare a most of he times accident .
Peopl just tk urs talkig wtout putting any purose or feings .
Dear Jhn ,
Thank yu r you enquiry and your interest to come here .
I will give yu sm information that should hel you during your stay hre .
Ther are't many gudeboks abo my city so I wl recommend you a pce orth seeing .
The most inteestig pac is he Prk of Tradition , opned lt ear .
h park cnsists of a complex of rnoated buildngs .
In the centre of he park there is a shaft which is The shaft is bautifuly iluminated at nght .
Ther is lso a buildig which can be considered as an interacive musu .
In a very interestg wy you can find somehing but the hisor of iemianowce a but mins .
There is a l of old phos compared wih new ones .
Y can ee o places use to lo ad how they look toda .
What iprss me the most is a combination of old eements of he building with glass nd rcks .
In that bilding u can id as a small cinem .
There is also a cafe which serves tadtional Siesian cuisine .
Duig ummer par organize mn exhibitions and cultural events .
It 's really wrth seeing .
I hope yu wil fin time to sit that park .
ilesian culture offers a lt so I tin you wil have fun visiting T ak of Tradition .
ake ce , hope to ear fr u
inga .
Bsketbal- the bt sport ever !
I 'm sure yo 'll agree with the fac tt basketball is a good sport fo he boy a sl o .
It 's a team gmplay wre yu hve to stt and stop like in aerobics .
It burn lots of alories , build endurace d build up muscles .
80% of he game is ental , yo hav to think wat oe yu should do next ht the re of the eam is up to .
As well as being a grt y to stay fit basktbll an el yu to mk e friends a make you a good team layer .
Tha 's why baskebll is my favouri sport d it shud be yur o !
If you a thinking that you should do soe sports , o oud realy eno playng basketball .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a am , do n't worry !
Basketball can be playe n njyed with as a few as wo ople vn if e official gam of basketball reqie 10 peop .
T beauty of tis sport is hat as ng as you got a ball you a spend hurs dribbling or shootg on ou own .
I think tat you shoud start practicing is sort bcuse it helps you phyically an mentally and it is a god y to socialize .
Michael clsed te door n knew at that moet he had ma a mistake .
ha wa it .
It really was oe between i n Marianne .
Aftr ers of cntemplating between staing ih Marianne - w as more or less the joy of his rents ' life , not hm , Marine - fr life or leaving and start rsh , he ha ially chosen the latter , thinking ta it a the right decision to ak at that momen .
Bt now , vey second that passd aft at monumentl moment js made hm feel ose ad worse aout himself , makng econ thoughts about whehr he shoud ve stayed with Marianne or not .
He sighed as he sat down on he big mpty cuc and remembered all te memories he had with Marianne .
Both od n ad .
Their fis date was more or les awkwrd , which was typical for ms irst ate in life .
He ha taken her t to a five - star estaurnt , to which she insisted that it as t much , whh t Michael to insist that it as ay .
u all awkwardness asi , it endd with a first kiss .
A tal wa of felings sprked inside Michael 's head as he mvd his lis along with arianne 's .
A few eeks lter sa te occurrence of eir irst fght .
Michael had an unexpected late metin at work that night d forgot to call home , which md Marinne complete furious ; trowing things to the wall , crashing plates from t countr to he ground , the whole ine ard .
After Mchal barely caled Marianne own , hy hd a mature heart - to - heart , e omeone old say was way oo lat , but at ht mmnt , it et right .
His mind the thought of their last kiss .
Mn , whe wa tat ?
It had to be aot a fornight ago , bfor he went to Soci fr a busies meting .
It as mery a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lps befor he ad to ruh to t airport .
A ek latr , he fod that Marianne was chetng on hi it a European bsinessman he i n't hav te mind to remember te name of .
It was the unoffcial end of h reltionship , the dcisin efoe h actual al .
ut at tt momnt , it ended .
But , in ife , you ca n't hold on he at . You he to kep oving forward .
You have to carry on .
And one a , yo 'll find the tue love that ou 'll trust , te one ta 'll catch yu when you al , console ou when yu ry .
u just ve to keep lookig .
Nowday t healty hbits of young peole e ver iffernt than in the ninetis .
And we need to know th raon r these chnges a wh we can do to prove it .
Firstly , it is ue tt the young peple used to do port aily in y where , at th school or in the street n also they di n't ue to at fast fod .
Secondly , man peopl argue tha the soiet has experincd a geat chges in the fail life .
Parents rk otsie the home al d .
Although they want e et fo heir cildre sometimes is difficult because he are tired d tey tend to prepre jn fd and allow them to spend hei time on the internet or laying th he game machine .
In my opinion , parents shoud be conerned r their faily 's comfort n should mtivate thei chilre to do sport , be in contact ith a o of peol nd avoid eating fst fod .
Pete looked at i ath a nw th he had to do smethig imediatel .
However , there was no wa he could remeber what it ws .
He started eeling nerous and dizzy beause he knew it ws somethng extremely imprtant .
He decided to et his computer and chk his calndar , u it s in s office , which ws 8 minues ay by car .
Thee was no other opon , he went to the garage n got into the car .
Bt ter had been a snostor and he cou n't drive through the nw .
The wind was freezing cold , and now he had to lk to the oice , which was a 25-minute wal .
He put on a ackt ad a scar a le again .
Just to ma everything worse , on h way to the ofice , he slipped on the now ad fell on is bk .
Peer got tre ad had to take practically all of hs othes ff because the offce s like an oven .
He fnd the computer and checed hs calendar whih said : Flight to New York , leavs at 6 pm , on Mondy e 1h .
An it as 6:32pm . "
Gsh dag it Peter !
You lost yr flight an it was a bsiness trip!Yo're going to et fird ! "
He said to himself as he whimped .
I 'm goig to talk about doctor w , a British i - fi TV show abo an aien caled the Doctr ho traels thugh ime and space in a police box called the TDIS ( Time an Relative Dimensin in Spc ) .
h first episode aire in 963 and since tn Doctor Who s bee one of the ms famous si - fi TV shows on telision .
Actually , last yr s its 50th annivesay and to clebrae it a special episoe in 3D was broadcast .
Since he TV how ire the character of the Dcto has been plae by 12 ators , th newes n was nnounced on ummr last ear , whic is when I as visiting Lonon with my amiy .
It relly caught my attention how relevant Doctor o is in th UK because amost every time I turned on h TV there ws somne talking out who coud be th ew Doctr , it appeared in the news , in newspapers and he day the B ws gog to rveal the ne of th act the evn made a speca shw about it .
However , I really liked experiencing that beause I hd nev ee the med in Sain pay so much atention to a TV show .
ince I as in London , I thght it culd iit The o Shop , it is a ho dedicatd to Doco Who and it a a museum with costumes an ther things ta have ppeaed in he TV show .
We di n't have much time to go there becas it a far from u hotel so I had to go nl wt my father whi the ret of my family was somewhere else .
If we h stae more tme we would ha bn able to spend more ime at h shop ut anya , I loved going there and meeting other popl who also ike Docto Who and I bought oe merchandise from th shp .
When te BB finall announe who w going to play as e 1th Doctor , many fans got upset abou tei choice beuse he thought the new acor ws too old and they sai tey did n't ie it .
But hpefully no vryone ws like ta .
When an imortant TV so gos through ch a b chane ot everbody lkes it , that is why te sme thing hppened wn th BB announced who would be payin as e 11th Doctor .
Nobody likd him at firs u now that he is leaving everybody lve him n wants him to sty .
Acually , I 'm o of those fs who are sad about he 11th Doco leavi because he is my favourite one , as he was e one I experincd Doctor Who wh ecase I started wtchng h TV ho when he ws playing the main le .
Anyway , eore the BC had annuncd wo was ong to play he octr 's role , te fns had statd aking suppoitions abot who oud act as him .
Sme said ha he would be played by others famous British acor u thes thought ht an actrss houl play the ne oe .
I found ou abo Doctor o because a friend of mi saw people talkin abut it online and s told me aout it .
hen I starte watching it I thouh it as a bit weird b I edd up really likig it .
Thanks to it I ae met a lot of peop who share he sm interests as I do and I have dscovred some of my fvourites TV shows .
I like Doctor Who beause tim travel ha alwas caught my attentio , also I like it beause the plot is incredible , something tht appned on seaon one can be onncted with some of the ast episodes .
Dear i / Mada
I am writng to apply for e ob in sume camps which was advertised in h U newspaper ls ee .
As I am tudying phsica education , I ve a lot of experiences of looing atr children .
Lst year a grup of litte id came to univerity a we hd to taught em svral games and outdoor ctiities - thanks to his projct , I am able to oraise enertaining sports nd activties .
I have just comlete a 5 years course in English and I got ery good marks .
Although I neer take esons in cooking , I ok vied mls at home every y .
I live alone , so no one does it for me .
In my ve , I am sure I am the right person for he job - because I have patience it chldren , I know what they enjoy doi , and my cooking skills e very useul t .
I uld be able to start immedaely .
I hope you wil consider my application - I can be contacted by eil at any time .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
Alison read he note , smild , n immediely put on her co .
It was one of thoe indg nigt , lost as if the Northern Lights we shinn together with her happiness .
He little bother w till sleeping with an mpt stomach ad es still e .
Th rld is a dsered pla , at least it is r Alon and r sibli .
he 's been aking to i pantively to pu him to sleep , reading him te sa ol tatty paperbac book with one fairy tl oy .
And wh hy had nothing to uech thi thirst and hunger wi , she used to invt imaginary worlds where they are wealthy an do n't have a thought in th world .
e note wa almst illegible but Alison kew .
She ha bee waiting for that oment l he life .
I 'm ok .
e nte rad and er tears rolled dow her pe fe .
At least we are t alon , s sd and hged er bther .
I 'm ok .
Sh rad it at least weny tims , the threw away and prepared her soul r teir fahr 's arrival .
Hav o ever traveled by lane ?
Have ou or someone you know en to nothr country , on another ontinen ?
Most if n l of inhabitants of this planet would answer ' e ' .
Ls century provdd us countless pportuniies to be ore mobile .
We , humns , can say tht we live on the planet Eath without ben metaphorical fist time in ll our history .
There re still brders , both on maps and in minds for us to overcme , ut he situation has changed drastcaly in a cetur or less .
The world of the frst half of the XIX centy wa quite different from that .
Of cure , ost of westerner alead were le to imagine the Gloe wi relative accuracy , but the picture in their minds difered from the ne in rs .
It raer h the same sades ith medieval aps that pictred dagos guarding erthe pardise mewhere near te soe of Indias .
By ' shades ' I mean not real colors , bt the undertne tat ou mid imars to evething it com in ouc with .
hin d India wer almost of he sme ccessibiliy for t odinary crpeter from diburgh as ty were for his pedecessor five centuri a .
' Eduaion is the most poerfu weapon which you can ue to change te worl . '
- Nelson Mandel I believe tht education is important ad it is able to bring about enormou changes to an individua .
Snc I as a kid , I ve stard to think of being a teacher .
Tat 's why I have always be making an effort to enhane my owledge d experiene for ein a eacer in my ftre pathway .
Since I ws in F.5 , hen I becae cpable to teach smebody , I sated to be a Korean teacher nd a private Engsh tuo .
From thes experiences , I discovered at teahing people will never be an efforless job .
As a teacher , I hve to be considerae , unbiaed , trustorthy n decisive .
I ave to ty my best to take car of all students and to ensue that t contents ar accessib or the .
Apart om that , it has been a go practice for speaking .
As a teacher , I have to alk in front of any stuents and that fostered me to become a bette speaker .
I hae gaed a lot frm the experieces .
As to nhnce my knowledge , I tried to grab hnce to bring up my Eglih level .
In 201 , I h compleed the ' e 's Debate ' writing progra offerd by The Standard nd ritten a total of 4 artces for the ' Let 's Debate ' clmn of The Stnard Student and Jnir Standrd .
It ha een a truly valuable program f me and it brused up on my English .
Moreover , I had also participated in the Sandard Chrtred Hg Kong glish Public Speakig ontes on 2015 .
Although I as nt able to attain ay awrd in t competition , I gained a o of publc spakig skills fom e competitio .
hese experinces were treendously memorable to me a it a my hnor to tak part in these events .
Apr frm at , as I believe that lnguages are t sic hannel of communicatons eteen people , I hav tudid several foreign languages to equip myelf .
Startng fro F3 , I earn Krean and I tained levl 5 in TOPK ( Tst of Proicieny in Kran ) .
I have lso bee prepring o h lel 6 test since then .
Other hn Krea , I have also ben learning Japanse n Spanish starting om F5 .
Learning languages is inde difficult n painstaking .
However , I enjoy my journey in learning hm .
Not nl ca foeign languge beome a hue advantage to me , it a also brng me satisfaction and gratificati .
Tht 's why I lve leanin foreign languages .
It is my asprtion to devote my ie to he study of English an educaion .
I wld al like to frthe my studes of various foreig languages in the univrsty .
It as been my life goal to ecom an English teache in order for me to make contributions to r society .
Terefre , I ha always been willing to be fferd e canc to take and nglsh and eduatin related program in my tertiary education so as to fulill my dream a to accomplis my lie al .
I hop ha I can be ne of t candidates you find suitable or your university .
Dear Sir or Mada ,
I am riting in reply to the article about the usage of moble hnes at high scool whch wa published in yo newspaper on Monday 12h of eptember .
I wol totally agree with h dea th children shold not s mobile phones during class , but drig breaks .
In the fir place , it sems to me that it is really important , th for hildre ad parents to communicte in rde to organize teir lives taing into account t changing schedules .
However , it is also remarkable that here are pror times to ak on t phone , and pror tms to learn .
Of course , we ll hav th right to communicate whenever we want but , most , whenever we ee .
sing t one during breaks t the students fos on the lesson n he , have a i of disration when they re not ther and , what is mo , keep parents relaxed bcaus te can communicate wi their childr and talk about what tey ne .
That is hy I totlly gree with ichrdson 's modality dealing wi this mporant issue which is prsen in students , schools n prnts les nowday .
Secodly , I would like to mntion that I aree wt the periment hat is aking place in soe districts about permitting studts us thir mobil phos for eductinal prpoes , nd what is mo , ih Richardson 's facing this issu .
Technoogy is n of the most imortat parts of ur lves , so we shold incoporae it to r abits .
Of couse , when we ae taing out children and education , it may se a bit complicat ice th subject s both advantages and disadvantags .
For instance , it is really otiating for students to use technlogy in the clssrooms .
Hover , tachers run the risk of losing eir responsibility her , and students can lose their eucational w lookng at the hones as a way of entertainment insea of as a a to make educatn njoyabl ad effective , as you say in one of your aragraphs : " The ichardsn ecisio is a sound alternative to stdents scretiely using thei pnes under their dsk " .
I nsider at soehing shoud be done in order to balance pr and cs of having moil phones pesnt at chools becuse , firstly , sudents are h os who ust be present nd , wht is more , tir lernig pross also mu be there .
As I said , it is really important that parnts can cmmunicate wi thir chilren because they ar taking care of tem n they e thir parents , so ty ave h right to communiate with tem whenever th ne .
Apart rm that , I strongly elieve that technology can be incororaed in t classroom , ut eachrs and schools are t oes w ave to control this activity so that it n be ositie both for students and teache in rdr to make th lerning process moe mtvating ad effecti .
All in l , I thi that schools shol not tp taking into account this iportat subjec .
Technolo d , mostly , mbile phones are ar of children d parents lives , so chool do n't have to ban it , t look or alernatives in order tht they do n't ke a negative effet in education .
Richarson 's methodology is fantast and I think ta thre a mre , nd it is impotant tat we nw them in order to be inrmed abt ti importn issue .
I lk forwad to reding more articles about this sbject .
ors faithfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
This report aims to present different adertising strategies for u prodcts according to th ty of customers we have .
In addiion , I will recommend the st kind of advertising fr ou ees .
irst , to av a successful ampaign it is imporant to know the arget market .
A srvy but e ki of customers f our product evaled at most of he are ong adult .
This means that they ar beten 20 n 30 years od .
After studing our advertising optis , it was found tt w of them n be suitable r or prpose .
One a is to put advertising on te interet ad use scial ntwors .
On the ter and , we c t up stands in shopping als .
In order to obtain maximum benefit fm this it wll be helpful if we give awy pouct sples .
As I mentioned boe , advertising campag mst be appropriate to the arget marke .
I erefore feel justified in reommnding that the campaign in shoping mll wil be more effectv fr us .
Thi is mainly bcaus besides eng cheaper customer will becom famiiar with the roduct .
In conclusion , we ae dfferet options for his campaign .
If we choose e appropite kind of advertising f ou product I a assure y that we will succeed .
Twenty years ago h conomi siuatio was eter than the crent , so eope di n't have to work until late d they maged to ie a stit euation nd to cae bout their cildrn 's halh .
Teenagers used to go out atr avig done their homework ad hir favourte hoby ws certinly sport .
Now thigs have changed : parents work full time n do nt take up a lot of their childrn who are re a mr alne and uncontrolled .
When he is empty , teeagers el re to spend l the time ying on the coc , playing vdeoames or watching awfu programmes on TV .
At the same te they gorge themselves with eery kid of food they nd in t refrigerator .
A sedentary life style a a poor iet lad of course to oerwight .
This is a ommo issue : in fac juvenile beity is increasng th bad consequences suh as premature diabetes or a permanent iseae .
ookig csses wud be helpful to teach teens to ok , to enjoy healthier food ad maybe to discover a passion .
or those eopl w want to combine fun ad health , a good oluton cld be h runng , which is a fr , copetitve and complete sport .
In Mlan the associaton unners from rs welcomes housands of runers who cmpet for charity .
It would be a ood way to change a lifestyle !
I normally drm bu do n't rmmber when I ke .
e y dreant that I were a millonaire , I bouht a ug deahed house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful ciy , maybe in a ciy like Seville .
The houe woul n't be locaed in the ty cntr because of the taffic an th parking spos , bu it wold n't be situated o far ro dntown .
My dam house would hae two floors , a bg aage d , of course , a lue swimmig pool bordered by a beautiful garden fl of plants and trees , and wt a white pt from the outside door towards the porch .
Insid the hoe , there would be enormous French wndow wit long curtains an stylish and pactica furniture .
Donsairs , thre would be 5 bedroom with big be , 2 bahroms , one of them wi a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an Amrican frdg ( on of tose hat hav 2 big oor ) and a table in h cener , wre I cud eat with my fami , ad a leasan livng oo with w or tre large sofas .
Upstairs , there woud be games rom where I culd play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathoom , a little offic to work d to sudy Enlish , and finay a hue room calld " h cinema - room " , it sverl comfortable seats and a giant scrn wer my friens d I could see our favourite films .
Dear Caoine ,
Fist of al , I would lie to thank you r offering to look after my hous and my ird pt whe we go on olidys .
This means a lot to me , you re a wonderful friend .
We re leaving vey late at ngh , but I managed to leave a co of the key in he reception of the building , you can keep it with u .
I know the ny tie o hav to go there is in the mrnin , before yu go to wor , so I woud like to k yu to give priority in changing the water o my bird , d seeig if there is still eouh seeds in her bowl whic , by the ay , r in a ox xt to the cage .
I als left yoghut nd rozen food fr you to prepare in te oven or microwave , his ay o wo n't have to wrry on going ack home to have lunch before going to work .
We wil be back by the end of the week , so ta care and enjoy your mornins wih my bright ird , she los avin company so if yo could ge h to have lunch with yo d talk a lite wit he , she ill be happy for th rest of te day .
I ca n't wait to be wi h agin , I do n't like leaving h for a lng im .
amia
Dea Sir / Mam .
I am writing to apply for a ob in the smer camp in te USA .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 ears ld .
I 've been working wih children of l ages for eight yeas .
I think I wld be a suitable persn fr the o as I love organiing activties for e lttle ones d spendng te with them as wl as preparing diffeent tes of mals .
In at , I am ttending a curse to ear to oo well .
hre ears ago , I was working as a paish eaher in a oardng Austrlian school .
At the weekend , I carried on a workshop on leisure activities for children in eed .
In that place , we worked as part of an inredible team that rgansed different aivities each wekend .
The experience was great and since then I 've always waned to ae t experience of working again in an English speaking couny .
I op you consider me a I look orwad to heaing from you sn .
Yos faithfully , Andrea .
Wt the rise in time , the entire orl s bcoe o concrete jungle .
h huan race bega ro te jungle her he lived amidst the orrie n fears of wild beasts nd under the illusioar protection of tll trees and no the journey of human race has come to the sae scenrio wher onc gai , he is ivng amidst the fears of wild beasts aled ' other hans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings ha my eite ollapse due to an earthquake or a errorist - attack .
Th is e orld of globalisation where the entire world is o arket .
Every person is markeing imsel ; is slling himself ; is prsentng himef as a decorated ft - item .
Tis is h , athoug we have h luxury of extravagant knwledg under ou feet becase of interne , we encouer coplictions and complexities in th decoding of our relatnships and in decihering this perennial low of knowledge .
I , fr ha reson , certainly agree with the staement of te gen issu .
With kowledge an infomtion , things become comphensible ut or complex .
The relgion of Scientology is known as one of he fatet grwin relions of e wod .
It , today , has milins of foloers who believ in its philosophy that reincartion is the ruth and a uman fls tied - up because of te onstant ul of th srins of h past lives .
Interestingl , Scientology practitioners use technoloy to prove their hypothetical statments , o he hav constructed achnes tat exhibit t working of bras through waves and softwares that question a practitioner and provide him with a solution to is orries .
In cntras to is , the religions tat have surivd since the earlier tmes had dicree knowldge , however they hd a mc deeper impact .
They wee impe yet profound , relyn on the comprhensible philosophies of forgiveness an karma .
Scientology provs ho t acquisition of widespread knolege has't stoppd the birth of e religions , however , irically , it has ae the philosophis of life mre dramatic wih t mysterous omplexities of tchnology .
Likewise , there are many cospiracy theorts in te worl who time an again irculate rumours regarding h xistenc of a secret organisatio ( illuminati , for instanc ) tt runs the world secretly an pos fo all e r - tme ars and terrorist - attacks .
The theorits ascerai ta the organisation is ar religius and part political ; it les over e ntenational media , theeby being mnpotent .
Furthmore , ey concoct stories ad concepts , publicse them wil making animated versions a oe t internet .
Te brilliance of their presenations is so acute hat an orinay n is lmot force to fee enlightene in his ignorance , finally becomin braiwashed .
The same tehnique is ud by politicians , conoclasts and leaders wh polte th mind of e eople throu th medum of technology .
They present coplex infrmaions so smrtly that an ignoant fool feels like a sagacious monk , whence he bcmes te folowr and a voter .
Thus , by all mans , today we hav an easy accssibiliy to knowledge and we hav a wide rae of reources to allote d obtain endless inormation .
Nevertheless , her is a stomach - wrenching mystery nd indeciphrabe oes aound hat sometimes makes a coon man wonder abou h vulnerable existnce ad unknowingly beig - exloited life .
I choose oion A : I think it is a god idea or cldren to travel on public transit .
Ther ar several reasons why I support tis coce .
First , it is unnecessary to spend more money on schoo buse beause by Grade 5 children are able to tak care of themselves and each other .
They can communcate well d ae war of dangeru situatons .
For example , if the see runk or dty eople on pubc buses , they could avod sitig near them or eort hm to the u drive .
ecod , it is a good opportunit to edcate the in lf skills such as knowing ot to sit in priority eas or lev itte on the bus .
In cntrat , I hik tat he arent who sist thr children shuld on trave on school buss prtec them too much .
In daily life , many youngters need to go to school and bk by public transportation .
In other wods , if prens spl ter offspring thn they my ecome too dependent nd incapal of fnctionng well in societ lae on .
In concluion , it is not only a goo chce to te the cidren on an adventre , ut als help them beome independent young auls .
I think this y can asis them in adapting to society arl .
Dear Sir ,
I am riting in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in ou anguage school invitg appliatios o the post of Club organiser .
I am foty years ld secondary school teahe of Art n I belev I have qualifications th y a be looking for . I have bee techig students or approxmaely 15 years .
I used to run summe ams and at 's workshops .
orking wit groups of people fills me wih lo of energy an as thy nd me I need tm too .
I have been studying English for everl years nd I am preping fo tkig FCE exam soon .
I joy patcipting in debates .
I would describe myslf as a od lstenr n lunt speaker it trong ablity to ontrol th discusion .
part om abiity to t on well th peope I read a lot .
I am a big f of American and British films , om classic to moden ones .
I go to the cine regularly to say in touch with nw coming 's .
If ou would like to ak my appliciation further han I wud be pleased to hear from you .
Yours aithfully ,
Miss Babaa Gum
To : Peer Jackson
From : Banislav Sidorov
at : 25th Ma 2014 .
Subject : End - of - er party
The aim of ths proposal is to compare the t proposed vnes Riv Boat Disco and Milord Comedy Club and to recommend oe ased on he surve carried out among the students .
Entertainment and fo
No ny does Rivr Bo Disc s its own experienced DJ , but it lso has a bufet which is or thn appropriate or this occasion .
Although Milford Coed Club offers a fu nigh ith ur establishd comdian , the ny food availale is snacks .
However the main isadantage of e ico is ht it ends vry earl at 10:30 pm , wheras the comed club is ope util 2 am .
rie
e pricing for the dsco is vy reasonable because it offers the nue , entertainment ad od for $ 25 .
vn tugh the price is $ 5 smaller o comedy club , it is wtout fd d by th ed of the nih I do n think ere would be much difference .
cation
The boat is located at h Crofton Harbour ad some ens of trasprt wold be necessary to gt hre .
It wuld be possible to rganize a bu , which ould be preferae to gng separaely by cr .
However the comedy club is asy to fd and is ccssible by metro and tai .
Recommendation
I woud suggest the ver Boat isco because not ony dos it offer a bffe , ut ls the peopl are me likely to converse wi each other while listening to sic thn to a comedian .
" Manjiae Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
This Italian rsturant is in Moção d near the school .
It ws oped about fr yrs ago by two frnds o had previouly worked at pizza plces .
As yu entr te restaurant u are met with the traditional Italian restaurant red towels nd a bt of a rusic feel , behnd the couner you can se the cooks making the pzza .
Tere is a ret vaiety of ishe , fr starters to min dishs an dessrts , my recommendation is garlic bread as a stare .
As a main dish you can choose anything from pas to izz of ll kinds ( even choolte ) .
This resturant is ey affordable , te prices are extremely reasonable , especily if you 're a stunt , becaus there 's a special mnu called " student 's mu " were you chse w ingredients fo you pzza ith or without Fench fries an a rink for about three uros .
Everyone in the saf is extrely nice n very often the oners cme to make small ak with the liets .
A in al , I thk this wooul be the best restaurnt o our las to go , sice it 's cloe to the school , it hs od prices and a friendy ambience .
Alo everyone noys Italian food , so veryone wold be plesd .
Dreamn about future is lik creating an imaginary world , perfect for yourself ad the others .
If presnt does n't satisfy you , le 's take a trip in h future .
I 'm ue you will enjoy the rid !
ear 06 .
Peple ar living their les in a way that we uld onsider it more thn shocking .
Everone is eving hir erfectl " norma " lives in the sky .
Y 've ad it well .
Thei huss e floain in th a .
It is amazing .
Becase of h lack of space , pele hd come wt a brilliant ia of creating these floating ouss , they e made of a special type of glass d hve a sphrical hae .
By finding th solution , they ae me space to work on earth n they even rotect he environent .
Not to mention th huge adantage tat pope e protected fro earthquakes becau these houses do n hae dirt conact with the art .
his ida is oe tn brilliat !
When it comes to their obs , people work on earth , like oldtimes .
e wa they go to work is worth knowing .
They hv car , not like te car eople fom 014 we ud to , ut they stil cal them ths way .
These ars can go ow to teir destination a th , go up again ntil te drir pushes a button .
Thi buton is lled " find me and come to me " .
Te name ays it all .
Once the button is pushed the car ins he driver a literlly picks im up .
The streets look al new nd improved .
Lots of the buidings are skyscrper and he architecture ha completely chaged .
People are still huan eing and act completely norma .
They eem hppy th the w the ive an embre the change in everything .
overl , tis is an ima of the fure .
Now le 's rurn to the resnt becaue we have a ot of wok to do if we nt to live in th kind of future eventually .
I read your adversement in th Cloud magazine ad I cnsder it an interesting experience .
I 'm an Italian naive spaker aged 27 ad I 've ee sudyng por Science at Mila Uniersiy .
In 2012 I got th Cambridge first certificate in English and I 've ben imrving my Frech to pass te eam .
It 's six mnths since I stated teching ymnstic in a primary school ne Milan an I discovered that cildren a mre competitive d honest than adlt and I appreciat his .
I am also aware tht hy are reckes , so I recently attended a First Ad course , which has given me the cofidence to dea with mergncy situations .
I lways try to motivate hm wth se educational pa d I make the understand o imortan it is t group .
The schol wl be close in Summer , so I 'll be available from e 15t of June to e 3th of eptember .
Fo references , you n ontact the rincipal of the chol , ho wl be hpp to suly yo ny information .
I 'm looking forward to herig rom u an I thank yu fr your attenon .
Taking a gp - ear before starting a universiy is a lifetie oportunity for lots of eopl .
It 's a time to develop oursef , to travl , to find riends .
You ca so spend that im working and saig moey r future years on niversty amp .
It is the only tim in or life to do tat , to be hones .
After you fnish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless yo wa to live wh ou pares fo h rest of ur fe .
But the ear rght afer you finish hig school is a perfect me to fd yoursf , to ecide what y want to do with our if .
You can go on a rd tp rund yr country or travel somewre vr distant n learn things you 've never heard bout on our ow skin .
It oud also be potentially yo as chance to sped so much time ith you hig scol frend .
You wll deinitey part or wys during college and tis way you c make memories that wi last r a lifetime .
I think everyone should take a ya of after leaving chool .
You only live once and wasting such a geat posability is unthinkable .
Ove e last decaes , the spread of technology in ou aly lfe hs marked h begining of a new a .
Computers , mobi phones , h Internet ave undubtdly changed our way of thinking and behaing .
But can we safely rega ti technological advance as a proper achieveent of modern times ?
ertainly , cmputes n similar devices gi us te priceless opportunity to mke our ives simpler .
From booking a flight to videocall a distant fren , anything seems vry handy owaays .
However , the mai drawback of such advanc is that we now rely more on computers than on ou capities .
We are slowly but inesoably loosing readinss to solve robems , unless we can suf the Internet , so tat en a single y withou technology woud urn ot to be a nihtmar .
ow mn tms in the last ten years have we given up GPS and used a common pper map f a trip ?
Jt a fw , right ?
Ralty is tht the fast - paed orld we r currently livig in is stealing us u ow tme .
Nobody ge lt anymre , nobody discover something on his own .
We all alk dw he me ath because this is how it is mea to be .
We conslt Tripadvisor , we die for positve ratings and we increasingly forg to care bout simple things .
In my vi , we shuld l riconsider he rol tt cputers hav gained in our lives .
Technology is n reality and should never replace it .
I had never fel so nervos before in my lie ... !
It ws the last year I was attending the igh chool nd fil exams were aproaching fter than I thought .
Sudenly a plethora of concerns filled my ed up : wat to do afer the shol ?
What are my pns fo te future ?
I did n't ow anythng at all .
The only thi I kew was the da of the exams ws bcoming more treatenig as tm wn by .
nd finll , as fr ll , th day arrived .
The most stressful day of my life for sur .
I remember I began to bite my knuckles because of h tenio , an as bcause of a girl near me who cul n't tp cing nerousy ( it 's a pet pee of ine , I have to admit it ) .
Then en finally it w my turn I seated in rot of e teachers and , slowly , I introduced my seech .
Fifteen mutes later it w a over nd I felt a rand n erson .
After ts evnt I n co th eerythin !
As it w sad befe , he brief time of observation dos no low obtaining tha mh nformaton about ow CLL is relly implemnted in a particular educatinal contex , een so e ata collected n e folowing cnvesation wi t teacher , contributed to oain an interesting picture abut how Arts ad Crats is onsidere and cried ut une CI umbrela .
CLL implementation is always a chaleng for e teacher , but it seems to be evn me difficult whe talking about ubects as Arts and Caft whh ar more based on the acquisiton of skills and he development of anther lauage , the artistic .
How to prode student with more real and relevant input , in the dai routine of an art class , sems to be a dae fr Ar ad Caft teachers , wo need to bing together t development of the artistic langue and he leaning of a foeig language .
Despite the difficulties ta CLIL teachers have to overcome , t tuth is ha th atmosper of CLIL lessons is in me way specil .
What surprised me more positively was h level of eer support , t cooperatin n th comradeship .
It is interesting to e how the stdent resot ec ther looking for help in a natural way , without h interveton of the teacher .
Peer supor is somehing that taches expect and promote in all ubjets , but it seems to emeg moe genuinely when talkng about CLIL atmsphere .
Der Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest to he r stff opening ou have poted on r schol 's nticeboard .
First of a , I strongly belive th I would be the most suitable applicant because of my lng experience in bar servicing .
For last six years , I have worked in a number of different ba within the busy iy distict reio .
I kn what invove in a late nigt custmer service a h to deal with a ou envroment .
Al of the bars I woed hosed a night cub fte 10 PM therefore you do no eed to worry out eta tiredness cause by late hr wok .
In adition , my knowledge acquired by maging a bar and a cerifiction in hygeinic food handln will uerante th clean environment of your ar .
At lt , I wod like to emphasise my professionalism towards alcohl evice .
I am a batende ho h awarded thre times in international ar - sw coests .
ertainly , I can offer professional r shows n trcs to make yu br more attractive to th utomers .
If you ned a trial sessin , I am or than happy to attend n pove my ssts to your br .
T time allocations you ae uggested on the job advertisement aso suit my schedule perfectly .
I lok forwr to hearin fro yo .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel an
Mny people have he impression tha eaning a language is only possile through rd work : studyng rammar rules , learnig vocbulary by heart and bryng your head in a book .
However , there are in ct sevrl methds tt you n emly houd yu want to eome a liguist .
In is essay I wil dscus two of thee : te immersion mthd , and the clasroom method .
Firsty , t mmersin method takes t inpiratin om he way in wih we a lernt to spea ou natur tongue : implicitly .
With this metod , learnr ae simly expos to the target langug , either by going abrad to le in e country where it is spoken , or by having a native tachr .
Thr is no explicit ocs on gammar ; insad , the learners ae expected to " absorb " the anguag and its rue .
This metho s t avantages , as it is he way we al lean to spak , and so it is arguably more natual .
Aothr dvantage is that studets ae unencumbered by oercomlicated , onfusin metalanguage .
Secondly , t classroo ethod is e oe ih whc ost students ( especially if they are oldr ) ae famliar .
earners e normally auht in their mother tongue , and r given rammr ues , whih they then ply to the langge they are learning .
This method als has ts benefits , t least logistically speaking , snce many students do n't have cess to nativ peakrs or r ot able to tave abroad .
Furthermore , sme eaners respon beter to an epicit focus on rules , hch me thm awr of h stakes they are making .
Wil both mthods cleary hav their advnages , I elieve that ut lmitig students to either oe or h other can hae a negative efect on language learning .
Having a native speaker will ve student maximum exposure to the language , whie at e sme time a focus on ules will gie thm t tols for self - correction and sel - study .
I fully beleve hat thi combination method is h mot effective way r sdents to learn nglis .
No we are ging to evaluate the an charactheritcs and diffrences betwen a pellet stove n a pelt boier .
Let 's start to cus ou attentin at th pellet stve .
The diagrm shws a compac sructure ad the siplicity of the achine ; it has thre main sections : the feed sction , the combustion camber an the blower(i.e .
fan ) .
In the frt oni pt it is pssile to feed with the ul ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to h combusion chamber ere h pelet wil burn to generate h heat necssar to warm up he i .
Beneath he comustin chaber there is he ash tray necessary to cllect the ah geeated by the comustin of te pellet .
As manion above th hat is necessary to wrm up te ai that , thnks to te an , will be blwn out to h room in order to wr up the external mbien ( e.g. oo , batrom , kicen ... ) .
Ti is a pretty copact machin bt it 's not very effcient nd ery clan .
Actually , it prodces a high amont of ollution such as a a exhausted gas tat contains micr- d nano - partice .
e 's focs now on he pellet boiler .
The structure is prty muc e same as th pellet stove , the difference is hat instead of a fan here we have a pum due to the fact ha e goa of the boiler is to warm up waer and send it to the heaters all oer the ous , so it 's edded a pump to do ht nstea of just a fan ( the pourpose of a a and a pump it 's the same : move luid rm a pot A to a pont B , but in e case y ave to oe i and in te second case aer ( they have a diferen density : wter as 00 imes t density of air ) .
Lie in he stove tere is a feed section where you an feed th pelet that ill go drecly to h combustion chamber ( according to the control system ) in order to br it and generate te heat to warm up the water .
N , thanks to he ump the ht water is able to reach th upstairs oom .
Basically th wo rely on h same methds : burnng pellets to war up a fluid ( air fr the stov d water for the boiler ) .
My om wn , an inernational ci , attracts millions of torits from al over te word ever year .
Koing a clean and tidy city is no less ppeling to h tourists than bautful scenry and bargin shopping , both the authority and he citizes understand th ned to kep o city clean in order to eep t tousts coming , therefore tey ae seros in protecting the environmn .
To keep he ct clan an tidy , people adopt an environmentally frendly atiude in daily life : ey refuse littering , if they can t find a ubbish bn around , they keep rubbish in small plastic bg ; at home , they seprat the recyclable ite from the rubbish before they et rid of the rubbish .
hey follow t government 's avice to t h ir coditioner temperature at 25 degrees of Celsius .
Th governmen plays a crucial rl in taking ae of the environment .
It build sewage ites o the ispsal of he ct 's wase .
It educates the citiens to cultivae thr sene of protctig e ct 's nvironmnt .
We ae lucky to live in a cty where boh e auhrity an he peple have a strog nse of environmtal rotction .
We are sure that th tourists who isit our ciy can ee it and hope tht they il he sead the message he they go home .
Among a variety of sports , ther is he fooall ls kno as soccer .
Footbll can be played either as a hobb or as a job .
Since I was very oun , roughly at the age of thirten , fooball became my favorite sport ad it as an acivity that I could never stop doing .
As the tm passed , I became more skilled at football .
I signe up for a feminine football team in my city .
O eam trained wce a week fr abt to or three hours .
We had u own trainer , hich ws a man who played football before .
There e three main reasons wh I enjoy plaig footbll .
Firly , it is a way to get out of th rutine , ccasionaly .
It elp to release h endorphins ad anxiety levels in my oy .
Secodly , it has hlpe me to improve my heth condition in several ys .
F xample , it conributes to my cardiovascular ystm .
And thirdy , it is an activit where I av be abl to make n frids ho , beside playig footbl as me , r vr similar to me in other features .
If y oe o would like to tat pracicng this dnamic and amazig sport , I wul tell ou to try it as soon as possible .
As ou get involved it football n you nroll with his sport , yo ill learly notc the benefits it bins to yur daily li .
So , give it a shot nd o wl realie it is one of the most amazing activities o an evr do .
' The leter that changed my life '
' I thin we 're being fllwed ' said Sara to me , as we pulle over the street .
We 'd had a lovl mea in on of h os charming restaurants in Rome .
Depit the fact hat We 'd a to share a table wih others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
Sr ha eft ur hire - car kes on o of th table n had ad no attention to them for a hil .
Whn we were bou to leave we realizd that thre wre a short letter on t tbl . ' I hav ur ar keys .
Wait fo me , pleae ' it said .
We d n't understand a thing because the car eys were ut in front of us .
So we rushed out te rstauran on susicon of theft .
We 'd ben drvng or al an ou whn I notice tat there were a hie r behind us .
Sra tred to get i of it but the whi c a still there .
We pulled over e man oad .
e other a drier ae up to us slowly .
We wer rally afraid . '
You 've ha th wrong key and he rong a ' said the n .
As soon as the man eplained evything to us we realised hat we ad mistaken car keys in the retarant because both of he were exactly alk .
We exhang adresses and as ti went on we became go frens .
I eded up working to Mr Smith ' company in Madrid whr I 've bee working the for 20 years .
People sem to be livin quet comfortab ives nowadas .
We have rached an age of high technology .
Humans will mot lely continue to improve this technology and make tei lives better for he fuure .
We ight live better lve in e future .
When thinking about h the les of peole will be lke in the nx 50 years , h first thught tht comes to my mnd is a peon sitting lazily on a ofa tha can adjust itslf to his / her will .
The rson f the laziness is tat he wr of te house il be done by robts .
is is how I think fe would be in the xt 50 years .
Root wil continue to be mproved , till tey wl be able to do all wk at home , so no on rc enough to fford a oot would bther to do t wr himself / hersef .
h oot wil be be to do thns like coking , fetching , washing cthes ad dishes and cleaning the house .
The me would only do the paperwork hemselves .
However , nt everything bot the lie in the next 50 yrs will be positive .
Water is already growing scare over time .
Eventually , it might bcme so mh of a precus rource that it will be ed as the international urrecy instead of dllars .
We will have to find an altenativ dinking sorc ...
Shopping is my favourite pastime , and I smply ca not magne anything more relaxing and joful than spendig my hard - earnd money .
t wih a heavy heart I have to agree wit this statement .
Why ?
There might appear a few situations , when shoppin instead of joy c brng a hedahe .
Frst of all , it is quite har to eny hoppig wen you are frced to do it .
The best example hr could be he rgular , eve - week filling - the - fridge shopping , whih in rinciple can ot be pasant .
Personal I am ot able to fd athing exctng in hanging around exremey high supermarkt sheles and pushn heay tolley . Crowd in evry crner , wful d unplesat igts and e necessity to run from on end of te arkt to another , beuse these shos e orgnied in the way , hic forces you to e erything , in order to id what you eally ned .
That a th exremly ong queue for the ash ds also a nt vy encouraging .
What is me I hte do shping hn I really need to uy something .
Because here is this iked , unwritten rl , accoding to which if you are looing fo something , thee is no the slightet chac you will ge it .
ou will not be able to ind the right se , the right colour or simply anything which would suit your taste .
Shopping ih or usband , boyfrend , ther or any representative of the mal kind , also cn totally ru he most ruitul shoping ever .
I beieve they ar genetically progamed to tak away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
Th constant grumbig , regular checig he im , thi nxiou nd adif acal expression - o on earth it could create a favourable onditions for opping ? !
And belev me there is no diference if you e shppng for youself or fo them , it always lok this wa .
In conclusion , shopping ca be d usually is a reat opportunity , not ny to expand content of your wardre , t also , to relx and sen a great time .
u ust ae to avoid sermarkets , y clothes in advce - so thr wi n ppar th siuaion , when ou need something really badly a it is n in or cset , an of course of th male company , btter choose h female copanio .
Dr Sir / Madam ,
I sw ur advrtisement n would like to appy to work in the USA in oe of your Summer cams .
I he a good orking knowledge of the Eglish language and I sat my FCE eam as yer .
Sine then I hv attended a course for he preparaion of te E exam , d spent tw weeks in Ireland during h Summer wrkng as a babysittr , so I ve had experience workn with childrn .
I love facing new challenges and am vailale to work long hors if requird .
I also consde myself to ve great organstional sills .
Ths cn be noted in te fact that I wa head of entertainment in my Hi School for two ars .
During hse two years I wa esponible for e organsation ad boking of bnd .
I would also descibe mylf as a fun , energetic peron .
I love learning nw skills and although I 've ner orked in a kitchen bfor but I 'd ve to try my and at cookng .
The bell rang n all the students lft the class .
I quickly took my thing a nt out of the classroom hong to arie as on as possibl home .
u before I col leave scool I remmbered tat I hd le my trainers in e changin roo , st after ooball ession .
Ten miutes fter I hd lreay taken my rainers and close t gy dor whn I saw her walin towards me .
I started walking toard my ouse wn s yelled :
-"Micie!Wat for me ! "
Oh no , t aain ... That stupid girl was completely in love wit me , sice last er sh thin tat I like her , but she 's wrong .
nd although she kow I ha he wa she lls me , she does n't stop oin it .
he 's an impossible woman .
-"What do y want Stacey ?"-
I ased her .
-"Dn't be angry iche , I know you love me .
I onl wantd to te you that Joe is going to make a party in s hse tomorow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there "- s said
-"Tha yo for h information . Bye "- I ai , knowing what I was n't going to do tomrrw .
Hal an hour after I arrived me .
I heard a voice behind me sain :
-"So , y 'll be at the party toorrow , right ? "
I toght it ws Stacey agi , tryin to et into my house again an trying to seduc me .
Ad I yelled :
-"I'M FED UP WIT YOU ! STOP .
I ON'T NT TO SE OU AGIN ... "
-"Ok , gt it . Hope yu get on well th your prblem " .
And Css , h irl I 'm in ove with slammed the door .
I wa feeling confused and a .
I ent into my ouse a clsed th door knoing at tat oment that I hd ade a misake .
To whom it may concer .
My ame is Richard Ry , I am 35 ear old and live in the Basqe Coutry in northern Spain .
I would like to apply
or h psition you recenly advertised regarding umer aps in t USA . I ls have
plen of experience with teahin younger children .
This experence involved tutorin chilren ro h ages of 5 to 16 in vriou aspts of Englih nd ahs
in a one on o roe .
Without knowing it , I was preprng mysf fr a position like this n , such as wrking
as a Surf Instructor during te sumer holidays in my he town of Zarautz .
I think I am ry utable for th posiio as I rall eoy working with children and have a ie variety of
kils in sports and als a u lovng ttitud towards organising activiis .
Cooking is oe of my favurit
astimes , whe I ck it 's usually for a ig goup of fiend , so preparing meals is actually something I
raly enjoy .
I have may references from empoyrs and the prents of th children I teach .
If I am slected fr an interview
I am avilable at anyime as the summer holiday are upon us .
I look forward to your rely .
Kind egard ,
Richard Raya
e best prt ever .
Do you practis a sport ?
If so , you will ow all h benefit but aso effot that it takes .
I loe dacng and I do bale , whh reuires a lot of icipline .
I tared dancig when I a six yers l , my mates and I ere so ut wi ou little dresses nd tiny ft doig slw movements .
Fr me it as n't funy at l so I always tried to kip my clase , and I finally dd n't go ba the following yar .
But seve years aer , as a teenager , I found bllt reall feminn d I decided to start agi .
I hink that tis is not a usual sport , but it has the same avantages : it burn calories , improve cirultion , is good r the boes n musles ... heefore is a rally beautiful wa to exercise and hp yu to imprv flexibility .
My advice for people wh would like to start ancin bllt is : do n't be afrai , it es n't matte if ou e seven or sventy , if y want to do it y a .
So let 's do it !
Dear director ,
I uld really ik to partcipae as a co worker in this summer camp .
My othe ol me that I can gain great experences .
Whereas in my opinion , it is y re han that .
By loking fter cildren between h gs of 8 and 12 , I n exprince ew sills ta il be useul in my future ih my future kds .
I am very nergetic , cheerful and harworking , which r he trits o re looking r !
I av always loe seeng my m coking n the fact tt you hve hs in the cmp just akes me happier .
On the oe hand , I hae neer worked in t kitchens befre .
On e other had , I thnk serving within this area is he et opportunity o trying new abiltie .
I am as a great organizer ; therefore , I cn be such a reat lp with h evenn an sport actities .
I ope you unerstan my point of view .
I am really looking forwad to bei pt of yur ca !
t me know or opinion weever yo re ready ,
Elisa .
Over t cour of history , life h constntly hanged .
Fro te early nomd tribe , to t first human settlements , then to villaes and ciie to the formtion of civlizaion , man has nve tood stll for to long .
y discoveries av chaned the ourse of history .
First , the re , ten agrculture , irrigation , ad owadys wit technology .
h mo kowledge we accumulate , the fter prgrss will co .
Mankind nt from a rra based soiet to a moder skyscrper - filled ivilization in just a century .
And we wil continue this procs or as ong we exist .
h disover of electricity has increased or rductivity greatly .
Instead of just working during th day , man ow could continue woring drig e night .
Factories cud hae ng working hours in order to prodce oe .
Peope in rn tarted to consume ore due to the increased workforce a the greater ofer of product .
The quick and patical life in h city start to drive thousands of people away ro the fild .
With h advae of elctronic proucs , inforatin h become ee easier to spread .
First with the radio , news aou event happening ar fom yr oal commnity oul be easily hear by anyone within earshot .
Then with s , information stated to spread aster and faste until u contenporary intantanous reports from cross the worl in the pl of ur hands .
Sometimes it sem we have reached he pinacle of existne .
I 'm sure he pharaos of Eypt felt tt way when hey gze at the Pyramids .
A e , we 've come this far .
o , we can ok at thos Pramis from the oher sid of h worl , receivng a live ido feed in a devce we hod in or hands .
In th next 50 yeas , who now wat we ill be able to accomplsh .
Education and techoogy ae deeply related , to a certain etnt in that edcation ha sufered a series of cange throughout the past 20 years .
In resent times it is ver common to see people learning courses hrough a comuer .
Online learnn s bcome a mdrn phenomena in order to gain knowede ; however , ae - to - ce learning is sll the better leaning option chosen by students .
Althouh tere are many differences amo these two , siilarities can be fou as well .
The main similarity bewen fac - to - face leaning and onln larning is that thy oth proide valabe learning skills to tudents .
urrently , exist l ypes of couses via te Internet , at any cadeic or voatinal eel .
F instance , degre coures , ater courses or jus an pdatig course can be fnd .
Adding to this , boh learning optons requie time and dediction om suents ; otheris , knolege il n be properly delivre .
On the other hand , diferences between face - to - fc learing n virtal larnin ar umerous .
Firtly , online earing conve flexibility in ts shedule .
Studetd can ttend course when they decide , bu away respecting de dates .
Aoter difference between face - to - face learning and olin learning may be that fce - to - fae larnng allows students to develop human - relaionships , herea nline learning is quite impossible on this to happen .
During fae - to - face learning students have a teace - sudent relationship , as well as a peer - to - peer relationship , allwin tem to develop iter - personaal skills ad coexistence .
Ls u no last , time snt on hese corses ar dffeent o .
When doing a fec - to - face course besides having an ttendane shedule , people spend more time commuting to he lace whe h course is gien .
In current days , traffic jms e a fc in big cities ; thereoe a lot of time is os comuting .
Consequentlu , boh learning optins have heir ositive and negaive asects .
Assessing thes similrities a dfferences eac stdent h h option to chose h opin whch bette suits in hi lifetle .
Pechiea Borromeo , a litle town near ilan , hs an agricultural relit and there re many possibilities to wak around and to trn yourself in a running parcour .
Unfortunately there is a o of traffic , so he bst place to avoid it is a little tificial lake lled Iroscao whre pople can run log the 7 kilometres perimeter or cycling open air while lookn at th san .
In his area you n fin mny facilities uc as two swimng pools , a teis n a volleyba court .
Pole can also y canoing at the lcl school or he water skin ith a mechaicl device that drags ou on the water .
It 's rally fun !
or those who fee ave , hee is alo a wall were o n climb with all equipment .
Te et season to eny thi pace is rtainly e spring , when h water is no too hot and here are not so many people who pici uer th trees and disturb you while yu 're trying to relax !
If you to have o a d and want to eah him somethin useful , tk him hr every Sunda morning and a rainer wll tach m ow to save people from drowning nd yor frien wil become a lifeguard !
He you can really forget about t city poluton !
Th speaker discusses the article , ayig that taxes tand against fre tra and in for of protectionism .
In s pinin the conept of prtectionism in the world of globl economy is not effective .
her is a good exmle involving devlping coutres , hih ecoomies have been successful due to being the mst oeed to ree tre , d outries it a low economic growh , tt closed themselves f to international rade .
Altugh in the lecture it is amitted hat internaional cmetition can ause problems to local busineses , mentioned in h rticle , he claims that it is worth competing it gobal corporations , ecaus hs w survived local mpanies my gt stroger than ev .
hey n hire loa people , give them well - ai jb , an tos people may ler how gobal orporatons or , wch is a good thing for local economies .
A finally , th artce state that fre trade does o always lead to paceul relatonship betwn nations , but e lecturer draws attention to European common market st up after World Wa II .
He emphasizes that free trade betwen powerful European natons akes a war between tem almost impossibe .
To tes the researh 's ypotheis , self - administrated questionnaires wre sed on a oal of 0 ustomrs .
Te target population incuded telecommunication servie users wo suscrbed a loyalty program .
T choie of telecommunication industry in his framewrk is rlate to th vital role of loyalty nd retention in hi servce setting .
an experts hve emphasized the market maturty and the numer an aiety of competitive choices among service providers .
Followi th , all types of service provider fous on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdcs Market Isigh & Straty , 2011 ) .
A oal of 9 comlte and exploitable questionnaires were colected , wh a response rate of 77% .
This sample se alls us to perform multiple ata analysis ( multivariat n EM ) .
An aproprate saml ze shold be tn times the number of item used in the questionair ( Sbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
In this reearch , t same size eems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 its multilie by 10 ) .
A game is an activity invlving one or more players .
Games are played priarly for entertainmnt or enjoyen , b y als seve as exrcise .
Everyone in hi wld as their own favorite spors , so do I. My favorite sprt is football .
I often play is with my friend in the eening .
I like this game becae it is exciti ad challegng .
Fotbal is a tam sport played eween w team of eleven players ea .
It is a ball gme played on a rctngular gass field with a goal at eh en .
The objectve of h am is to score by manvering t ball nto the opposing goal .
The winner is the eam hich has scored most goal at t nd of the match .
Football is ayed at a professional level ll over the world , and millions of people regularly go to football stadium to follow their favorite team , whilst millions more avidl watch the game on television .
A ve large number of peple ao ply football at an amatur evl .
In many prts of the worl football okes reat passion nd plys an mportant ro in he life of indivdul fans , loca cmmunties , and even ation ; it is therefore often aimed to be the mt populr sport in te world .
football payer .
I arnt teambuilding , discipline as wll as eamwok through playing ootbal .
Ther ae my worldwid international competiton of fotball .
ne of the major nernational ompetiions in ootball is the World Cup organized by Fédération Interntionale de Football Association .
Over 90 natiol tams compete in qualifyin tornaments within the cope of continentl confederations for a ace in the inal .
The finals tournament , which is held every four years , w involves 32 natinal teas competing .
The next orld Cup takes place in Russia 201
h star I admired ost in football is Edson rante do Nacimento , nicname lé , is a orme Brazilan footbal laye ad thougt by man to be the fnst paer of al ie .
Often considered h coplete ttacking player , he wa completely two - footed , a prolific inisher , exceptional at dribbling n ssing , nd ws a remarkaly good tackler f a frward .
He s aso famed for hi spe an stngth on the bl .
Since his fu retirment he as served as an mbassador for h sport .
her are many reasons as footbal is my favorite gam .
I wsh to become a proessional ootball player .
oliays are mostl about relaxing herefore I disagree wth alwa tryng new hings .
In my mind , hlidays are essentially abut bing comfortable , staying in your eement ad simp ejoyig your time off n nt abu creating uncmfortale situaons if that migh be the outcm of trying ne hins .
Holidays , to me , are r chance to elimiate strs and panic fr or system nd improv our level of comfort .
As stes a challenging ok trigers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prer urling up with a good bok a enjoying a nce cu of coffee on holidays ater than generating ny levl of dicomfor .
Chnge is never eay a eing ab to t w things is inded a valable tra fr one to have , however I do n hve uh traits .
On the contrary to he subject I dsagre avin to tr new a chalening things on holdas due to e fct that I take uc more peasure reading novels which make me feel all e rus of an oside activty al the while keping me afe n comfortable .
A review aout meieal Turkey .
I 'm ceraily t the only one watching this amazing serie . I ca n't call it a soap opea bcuse it 's so much ore than tha .
It 's a ov soy between Turk 's most famous a cruel rur of all mes and his in wife .
I wroe main becae ck hn Trkis mn were allowed to ae harems .
It 's e story of Suleyman e Emper and his wife , Hrrm .
ik h title says , the stoy take lace in meieva urey .
e acors and literally amzing .
The acting is on so and h costums and magnficnt .
T le of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's mt famous actor Hai rgen and he 's mzing at it .
Wat I lied ms abot im is at he agreed to grow a ug bard in order to get ino role .
he actress who plas Suleyman 's we , Hurem is no oer than Merm Uzerli .
e 's suc a beautifu womn d play th role beautifuly .
e oter actors re so rely talented and bring to life many of the historica figres tha Turke had in that time .
I strongly recomend this azing series to people who want to ae a gimse nt the history of a fascinating cntry and experice different feelings together with h ma charctrs .
oreign language learning in my contry
Introduction
Te purpose of this reor is to comment on the way peole , and espeialy chldren , lean languaes in my coutr , what freign languages they learn and where tey arn them ad to recommend changes in t language - learng system .
Languages people learn
Tee r many languages people in my country learn , but English would be te most popular as it is a world wide anguage .
Wit Germany and Austria being ur neighbours and hs busines artners to ma ech copanies , erma is the second most opular foreign laguage spoken , folloe by Russian , French , Iaian ad Spanish .
h learns laguages in my country
Mostly , it is children at schools w learn languages .
hey start learning English or German at the ge of eight .
Oter langae of their choice ollows at secoary school .
However , thee might be a proble ith the choice as no every secondary school ofers e.g. Spanish or Itaia , so studns he to choose a language the do not prfr .
Sudents at some schools alo hae a possibility of echage rgrammes but hse can be quite expensive an n every famly can afrd su an event .
Tere a alo mn duts wo wan to learn or just improve thr lanuae skills .
Adults uually tten language courses , or use a arity of on - line urses .
ecommended changes
I wold recomend te government to increase salaries o Spanish , Italian or rench teachers to ersuad th to tach at schools inste of giving private lessons .
It uld lso be wise to donate schools ha pepre echang rograms for their students , so that more of the could ffrd that .
ea Mr Williams ,
I sa your aertisement for languge courses in London d I am writig to fnd out mre abu the courses you offer .
I am thinking of atnding a couse fo w or three wek in Augt .
Could y please sd me moe information and detais of prices ?
I uld paticularly ke to know how many students attend the school , nd how many students tee are in a clss .
I 'd also like to know wha resourcs the school has .
F exampe , is hre a librr wer I can stuy in the evenings ?
oul yu tel me something about the staff ?
Are ey all qualified teachers ?
I wld be interested in having mre dtails of the socia and sport
progrmme .
Are the actiities ncluded in the pre of e course ?
Could yu tell me bout the cost of accommodati too ?
Also , can o tl me what amenties there r near h scool ?
o
exaple , is there _ park or inma nearby ?
I lo forar to reciving your reply .
Regards ,
It oul be great if ll of us he a healthy lie .
Howver , young pople genrally do n't pay enouh attention to their ealth and fitns .
hre ar an young people who follow Hoywood stars or famous ingers and wnt to ve the same bodie as the .
As a consquene , th become slim and they do n't igst enoug pteins n vitamins to hav a eathy li
On t other hand , teenagers are bcomin moe deendent on cellphones , video games and tlvision wich make hem beng or edntary .
Being away on he bed or on h sofa is not recommended , whereas going outside an ru or ride a bicye uld be a better option .
This way hey would be ong physical exercise .
Finally , to be heathy it is also portant to e balanced food .
Snacks , fast foo , fried fod ad sweets re part of young peope 's lie as thy ca find he everywhere : in h sops on t street , at parties ad in shopping malls .
In conclusio , young eope hould behave differently owrds their health n ftnes .
Bng sedentary ad eating fast ood wil t bring them anywere .
Th tatemet is rthe too categorical , beuse to say that her is no uture is ing o far .
It is true though , that public transprt would o be te gneral public 's fist chice .
Sometime the reason fo doing so e not to do with conveniene but , rather moe to do wth economic sues or matters of onscience .
If we think slfisly , then the a is the obvious choice .
It is easy , ast and , we can almst park it right outside ou destnation or at walking distance -sorter ather than longer .
It is initially expensive b it is so hand that we end up thiing it is part of us and even thk we can not live without it .
Raising pepe 's awareness of poution and how we mus have a more sustainable existence is what mks us look r ohr ess sefish n handy options .
Publis ransport is aways going to be slower , less flexible ad mh less conveent but we have th reassurance tht we ar dog what is best fr our pnet .
We are compying to the norm .
In conclsion , public transor will alay hve a futur if local governments ha policies to promote it .
It is ner e attractive option , t it is the o whic shows more solidarity .
Government jobs arry it tem serous resosibilities .
It is therefoe no urprie that a perso 's age and experienc me under scrutiny when positions in govement need to be filed .
Mn feel fluential government jobs shol be reserved or ose who are older a have more experiene , hile oters fee th critrin o these postios should be capability , namely whomever is mos be to carry out the ob .
Ths esay il look at bth ide eore drawng a logical conclusion .
On the on hand , many argu ha younger peope should be made ineligibl for important goernment positions , and the implications of this opinion a cea .
Those operating at senior levels withi a country 's miltary , for example , require fel experine to preent disastrous decisions that could cause he needless los of life .
Were younger people aloed to ast tack their ascension within a country 's militar , they could fin themselves having to make critical choices sed more on theortical suy than ractical exprience , d this cld hve catastrophic results .
Thus , is it understandable wh an eel younger government woers should be icubate bore gien promotion to important positions .
Hweve , thre are svral plauible counte to this agment .
For one , youge workers ing creativity and esh deas to governmnt .
F example , oun government workers in Canada successfully puhe to inrase HIV understanding and disel sigma attached to the isease in the 190 , a development that encouraed tolerance and reuce irrational fa .
In addition to resh des , it should be emembred that to et a vernment job , one has to succesfully engage a rigorous screening process .
If a younger pson engges tis process as well or btte ta an olde person , it is hard to arue hat age should be a decisive factor when offerig employment .
It is cer rom the reasons that ther is merit to warding important government career options to youger people .
Althouh the ave look reveals solid videce for bt sides of t arument , it is felt that the healthiest apprah to desinting gvernment positions is to ensure canidaes flfil rigorous training programs .
us , a pero 's age shold n be csidered a universal precursor to t awrding of government obs .
Promtinal Objectie :
One of the promotional objectives is to increase e awaenes of Trvago in Hong ng .
In order to achieve ts objectives , Trivago investe more money in the promotion in 2014 .
For example , it promoted thir search engine by the television commrcial and Yutue adertisement .
h Youtube advertismet means h viewers have to be enforced to watch h advertisement before they atch me video in Youtube .
Since most of e people atch the elevison t us a few minutes or do not jus watch e or two deo(s ) in Yotube , they will be enforcd to watch its advertisement more than one times .
Triao hs a vey simple and rememberable tagline hch is ' Hotels ?
Trivago ' .
Te audiences re eas to think of Trivago when they are thinking abo hotels .
Also , Trivago ants to incrse its marke sha by entering Hong Ko Maet .
Many Hong Koger love to travel and go to difrent country to ee t culture and njy the diferent lifestyle .
Man of them ty to pl he cheaest a f hir trip nlude booking the wothiest hotel .
If they aware te enfits of using Trivago , they will love to use this as they ould spend lss time to compare all the hotels .
Therefore , Trivgo use t advisment to increase its market sare in Hong on .
Moreov , Trivago is trying to enhance t company image in Hog Kong .
Tivag is not uc comon in Hong Kong .
me people even robabl do t kw wa it is .
If Trivao wnt to ain beefit from th Ho Kong markt , it s to develop an enhance teir bnd imag .
oig prootion is oe of the ways to imprve ts iage .
Tivago is ying to eresent at it is the mos convnien hote sarch engne in te market .
Te last but t he least , Trivago wants to bost its dwnload rate in the mobile application platforms .
Almost l t advertsemnts ar encouraging audience to ownloa s mobil appliction .
If there are more peopl download its mobile application , it mens more pele to kow s brand a us t servic .
urrent advertsing strategy
We found one of the Teleision advertisements whih is curetly undertaking in Hng Kong .
The advertisement is abot 16 seconds .
There is a arator introduces the funtin of Trivag a demonstras " how to e its mobile application to search for a worthit hot . "
At the las of t deo , the screen shows a talin a the website of Trivago .
We will analyze is srateges ro different perspectives belo .
Televsion ommercial
In general , teleisin is h most opular media in Hn Kong .
Advertising by teleision is an effective way to commnicate t service to e general pblic .
Sinc tht television is ble to reach a larg numbe of people during a short period of me , more potential customers wil be exposed to its srvce .
If the advertisement is designed ll , people ll remember it .
Moreoe , elevision has the avantae of being ab to utilize sight , sound and moton .
Comining a catchy theme tune a a well - designed visua advertisement can icrease he cances of viewers membering the bad .
This ls allos fo more creaive optons .
As deigner are ot imied to using oly sound or still imae , hey cn rete advertisements ta are appealing visually n audibly .
Background Music
Music helps stimulates sense and focus attention toard the advertisement .
The ackgound usi in te dvertising is relaxe and exite .
It can ke people feel outhful and it matche to h taste of youn adults hich are rivgo 's target customers .
Besides , musi also ha oter beneft .
It helps adence to beter rcal t avrtisement ad stored it in long - rm memory .
It ca lo incease the retention of visual information .
Demonstration
T television advertisement sow te service ben using .
It demonstrates all t steps from searching the hotel , choosing selection criteria nd comparing e price to iffeent hotel .
Throuh te demnstratio , Trivgo ca sh to the audice how eas to use its mobile application to find a worthiet hte .
It an hance ts creditability as th audience n clery to kw wh t service is .
On the othe hand , as a moie aplicatin , some eopl probably fee confsd bout how it operates .
Therefore , with te visual effect , demotration is the most ffective way to tea h audinc to use e obil aplication .
Informative
Th television comercial presents infrmation to the audinc in a tright - forward manner .
h narrator directly indicates the functons of h mobile pplication .
Fo xampl , he says the application can instatly cmpare he ates to over 50 websites .
o those ho ae high iteested in hotel searching service , te may oice to sch inorative advertisement .
Cognitive Strategy
In the television commercia , Trivago ses cognitive messge strategy .
It lerly resnted tat its earching engine ca elp h customers to compae the pie of over 50 websites of hotl in the world and id t most wothy hotel .
is is a tesable claim d Trivo cn use it to be its unique selling proposiion .
hi strtegy sho t profession ad reliabily for s tage customers .
At he se time , it increases the confidence of the usomers for choosing t services .
As og Kong is a n market for Trivago , it needs to enhance its populaty in ter .
Before 2014 , riago is not fmus in Aa .
It eds to utiites se straegis to incrase its brnd awareness and t information about its ervies towrd s custoer in ore to achieve the promotional objecties .
Conative Strategy
On the oter han , Trivago also plies cnative srategy in th advertisement .
In t televisin commercial , the narrtr tes he audiences to downlo the Trivago mobile application in hei mobile phe .
It encourages customer to purche its services a truly make use of it .
The puroe is to inrase the sale an enlrge its maret share in Hong Kong .
Means - Ed Cin
Moreover , " Means - End Cha " is adape in te television advertisement .
e evrage oint of rvago is providing hotel room searh services .
By using the Trivago 's servies , customr n search the worthiest price of the hotel room to gain benefit .
Trivago cn achie t prsonl value for ustomrs trogh h advertisement .
me eopl esie to have a cmfortale and pleasure jouney with lowr price nd the freed of choosing the favrit accommodation .
The advertisement n show that the e wisdom by using Trivo serie to ln an economically tri .
Mean - End Chain is bing used as Trivao is not on to hp customer serch for a hotel room , b als to achiev e personal value o custor hch is worthier hn money the customer sved in bookig a hotel oom .
Trvao ue tis y to ehance its brad image ad competitve advantae since the value of t servies is incrasd .
Tagline
Nevertheless , Trivago desis a tagline in te tlevision commercial .
T tagline ' ' Hotels ?
rivago '' , can introduce e key dea of th elevision commercial .
Audience a easiy remember te brnd name and e a plain awaenes and knowledge of Trivago services .
Besides , it can aso improve the onsistency of adertisig platforms .
As the tagline is catchy , if th tagline is cntinuosly applid on the other advertisements , it wi n be easy to try from th main dea .
Other communicatio tools
Trivago oes not hoos rdo to be their media as it is atiquated .
Peoe urently seldom listen to the radio .
Attenin of the rdio commercial is w .
Also , radio advertisemns nly contain verba effect .
Wtout e visual effct , it becomes less attracive .
Evn through peopl iste to the rio advertisement of Tiago , ty proably do no know how to spel h wor ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal vocabular .
It makes pope hard to search Trivago on the Internet .
herefore , the product awarness diven by rdio advertisent is n enoug .
Newspaper is lso not a good media since newspape ha ben rcently replaced by onin ewspaer .
Likewise , Trivago is an nlne servic so Newspper advertisement a not appropriate for it .
astl , hir spkespeson cosequent high os in promotion .
nd here is a risk of hirin a spokesperson as he may not bring an execte rern fo the company .
Sometimes , if her is a spokesperson in an advertisement , e focus of adience aybe shifts from he produc to t spokeseson .
e pomoing bjective is diffcult to be achieed .
Threfor , telvsion commercial is liel the ms suitable method to promote s brand in og Kong .
Jacob was absolutely fuious he he saw what was going on outside his window .
A grou of yung boys was once gin doin graffiti on t front of his house .
Not even a month before he d paid a fortun to get s place efurbishe and painted .
He was ed up wth al his profanity .
How may ims would he have to face tis irreverence ?
He headed the fron oor in rage .
The moment he reached h street he stared yelling at he .
Of course , th al lt in a rush .
Jacob remained there bsting in rage .
While he w tanding on h pvemnt tears of rentment covred his fc .
No oe had ver responded to h demands .
He knew tht amon his innermost feelings thee was a growing icy animosity towards human nature .
He wondered ow he would eac next tie .
A few mnutes lae , his god ext - door neighbour came by to hep him to calm don nd to collect te at weapons left oer by the graffit vandals .
Hav y ever watch a gme ta invole people runnng around a field and scoring gal by kicking a bl ?
Yes , it 's footbl !
And it is also knwn to be my favourite port .
I know that for sme , playing football is brng but or me , it 's t ost awome thin ever .
I 'm a freak when it comes to football .
I tink I ad watched almo ll the footbal matches in histor especially when it was the IFA Wrld Cup seao .
I would not sleep nti e game was oe .
Althoug , I do n't play really well , but I would coose it vr n othr sports any da .
I enjoy playing fotball becau e feelin y g when you are on t fiel is priceles .
I wold fel free when I 'm in t field .
I ws td that I was a natur plye wn I a youn .
I di n't need any coahing since my football skills cae naturlly .
I think ha I o this from my dad nd my elder brother .
Both of them are jt ie me , we frek o when it cos to football !
90% of our conversation includes football nd we can tal all y abou it r sure .
er is soe advice to someone h is starting to tis sport .
ake sure to pl smoothy for e firt tie and ke sur to use a football ho when you 're playing in e ield .
Ti advice is to avoid ou from injring yourself as a einner in footal .
Do y ae a favrite port ?
I 've played tennis fr 5 yes nw and I n asur u it 's n of the best ports y person can do !
Plaig tennis means more to me than anythin els .
First , whethr paye individally or in ems , it 's great fun and demas a lt of ffort .
Winnig or losing is up to you whn ou pla singls , a you know ou hav to do you es to achieve te bet soe .
Also , I lv it becaue it takes my id of worris .
It a hlped me to stay foused ad mprov my oncentratio , oo .
As el as tha , tennis give me the opportunity to sta i ad eet new people .
Since it 's t very es at the beginning , if you e intrested in taking up tennis you shod pervere and train at leas twe a week .
Do n't fogt to buy a god pai of tennis shoes and a fairly good cket .
l in all , I 've practised many sports in my lie but tenis 's ben far te es xercise for oh , my mid and body .
I really get a t of pleaure in ing it .
Gve it a try n you 'll s !
My eo ad my o
Do you know " The Flying Duchan " ? I considr hm as the Dutch Suerman of 201 , since he has won some imortnt spors copetitions .
Do u also kno Cwn Basie ?
Wl , I cnsider hm as t eanst Dtch clebrity of tis year .
" The Flyig Dtchmn " , also known as pk Zonderland , is a gymnat from Groningen who was he irst mn worldwide to do an incredibly difficl ercise on the parallel brs .
By performing this exercise perfectly , he became t World Champion this ye ( n he also o the gld mel at e Olympics of 2012 ) .
o th achieement , I admir m quite a lot .
Clwn assi , on the oter hnd , is an actr of a TV - programme for children .
Aftr a live sho , he mde a lttle rl crying by shouting at her nd ten iced r in te bak .
W wud you treat toddlers so badly ?
To smmarie , my hr of 2013 is Epke Zoderlan , because of his achievements in the gym .
My villain of thi year is lon Bassie , sice I think his bhaviour is unacceptabe !
Clearly , tael in our own ca is much more comfortable tha on public trasport .
For tis reason , many people ow believe that ther is no future f pblc trasport .
These people believe at er he et few years we will ee a severe decli in h amount of people using bs , tais , tram , etc . to get plces .
In my oinion , is is dissapointing for a number of rasos .
First of al , pblic transport bring us closer to other people .
We share moets with tose popl uig the ame mode of tanspot as us .
Also , it is an excellent wy of savig th environment .
By sing public tranpot we redu our carbon footprint and help to ave the Eat .
Furthermore , we also se time : as cities become bger it becomes more and more difficult to ark , which in turn lads to us wastig te looking for somehee to park , or wasting mon in expensi carparks .
In conclsion , I believe that public transpo hould be a necesar pt of everybody 's lif , we soul se it every da to sve the Erth , mone , an time .
If you 're looig for a great fil to watch on a riny ay , I totaly recmend Alice in Woderlan .
It oud give u all the magc of a fantasy film based on a book .
Directed by im Bron , h story is a retelling of fatas noel lic 's Adventures in Wonderland .T fil sho a young Alice Troubled by a strange recurring dream , h ls of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectation of the society in which e liv .
Unsue of what to es , sh che a rbbt in a blue aitcoat , and accidntaly fall into a lage rait hole Frm which e eergs in a forest , were she is greetd by many strange creaures .
Tere Alice wil sta an adventure where se must say e d evil ueen and restore e White Queen to power .
e il features Mia Wasikowska as Aic .
it er sweet face , pale sk , and grea acting , s looks perfect as a onfused n bave girl w has to sav tat " wonderfl " world .
ut we must not forget abou th marvelous acing of ohnny Deep ( as e mad hatr ) a Helena onha Carter ( as t red ueen ) , wth thm the fl woud n't be the sa .
But it 's ot just the acting that is great in this im .
The cinematgraphy is fantastic , it wonder digit landscapes .
Bt ha really ake it gical is the makeup and the coume design , they really managd to create somethn amazg with h apparance of charactes .
Finally , h fi d t gre touch of Tim Bron as direto .
If you enjoy a classic bok , but wh more action n a litte bi twistd ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
I totaly recommend it , you ll not be isappointe .
Is sciene evil ?
People 's opinions on this question differ widely .
I tink that science ha atere our lives in a ositie wa .
Hr e som act to upprt my view .
Fistly , I should say that life nowadays is unthinkable withot science .
In h century of advancing commucations d technlogy it is hard to iagine the wrl witout medicine , astronomy , computers , and hitor .
People tda ae interested in learning about h surrounding ord , aou new civilzation and stant planets .
Scinc explains to us a l of t tings tat we previously were not aware of .
Wiout s hl , fo example , we wod have eer realized were we have cme om .
It alo give us clues tht there my be life on other planets and we might not be the mot superior beings in the world .
By uing computers nwadas it is very convenient to find te nformtion y e looing r .
There is no scret for he human beins today ecaus they have explored every lac on th Earth .
Tey climb te highes mountains , dive in the depths of oceas , and conuct dangerous experiments a a fo the sake of science .
h rsent bele is tt sienific approach wl solve al e problems d do awy wih all ificulties .
With its elp , f example , people are abe to coe ith natural disasters .
We know how to destroy il clouds which c use rea daage to our crp .
We are also abe to protect ouseves fm various diseases and hel th sick .
That is why sience is so significant nowadays .
On the othr hand , the greatness of sciec goes tgethe ih is disadvantages .
Fr example , we e oblied to agree that sciece has give no nswer to man 's doubts .
he obsession to know everything h d so of us to make dangerous experimens fo hch we a with r lives .
To conude , I wl only sy that science makes our lves easier .
With it hlp we ce wi dferent situations a at is wy it is so fundamental to uman existence an I think is n ev .
At some time or aoher , ec and every young person mu provide thmselvs with the ecessry skills . « What ca I do o my lie ? » .
When you start to onsder interess ad strengths , it maes sens to conside your iterest first .
After ll a sccessul caee is best meared in hw saisfying ou find it , and it 's easier to develp strengt and skils han to acually have to lern to ind something iterestin .
While we are studying we may n think seriously abt o .
But in a ew year time our job wl be e of the most important things in ur everyay life .
When someone ass an dult " what do you do ? "
tey nearly always epl wih hir occupation .
Work , for mst of us , will be the defining spect of lfe and tu of ur idetity .
Through o work we fn an identity , we can fi statu , itllectual stimulation as well as wealh which nables us to buy comft .
We a wk out ou plce in the wol .
O working identities cn change vr tie , our idenity and behaviours as a young gradute are diferent from those of t professional expert and rom those of t eior leader .
Our abiity to develop r identity is critical to our ability to be succssfl in a range of carer roles , we ne to sh our ld ientiy ad add n element .
We each have a picture of ho we are a wa we wil / wo't do in u heads , once frmd our brais garner the evidence tht it is a true picture and gnore evidenc that suggets that it is not true .
So peple say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do prpartion ' , th belve it and make it tue . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a slf fulfilling prophecy .
We c ange our beliefs , actions and th o identity through eperimentaion , pactce and conscious el discipline .
In an age her career pogrssion ay ed us no w environments and sectors it is ever more important to challenge our sense of self and exple whether you cn ceate ' a new you ' by changing t beliefs y hold about yoursef a the wol in rdr to delop and expand your career otins .
Factor behind the decline
There are mre than 00 old , badoned , ocal buidings in r capitl ty .
B mos of the re about to be declined by town planners .
This means we will lose a pa of r national histoy .
Whl the fact that thse uilding are no seen as wohy of preservation is an imortat fato , demlitin is ore frequently case by a lack of pblic fnds .
Firsl , demolition is artly caused by ho valuable the old buildings ar estimated .
Old local budings ten do not rovde opportuitie to make any money , thy only cs tow paners a lo of mony because they probably eed to be renovated .
However , even with these arguments , deolition is mr frequently affected by a lc of public funds bcause it cvers the par about te hindsight of an aproprate budget for eventually enovatin as el .
With no appropriate uget it is unreasonable to keep old buildings wich are useless whe they are n renovated .
A bov that , withou pubic fnds there are too few eope o shw te care about the te of histrical buildings .
Ths might cause that tw plannes will think there e o enough easos to keep hem .
Ate a , the facor with he mos inflence on decline of ocal bildings is t lack of public funs hic make it possible to ke o d buildings , or at lst a ew of them , ecase these funds frequenty accumulate money or projct like renovations .
Any form of public transport lk a b or a tin is t much of an inconvenience especially in a lrge ity such as London .
Iagine going to work on a ain day : you av o hand on yur umbrell and th other clutching your a , te wind is bloing ist on your fce ad a pudl of water is sprnklng tin dt of et dirt in your sileto while o are making your w to a bus station .
o a oo scene , is it ?
Definitely t a good way to start yor ay .
Ined , the method by which a peson go from point A to oit B c spell the diferene between a good an a b dy .
Transportion is very iportant in our daily life an in th modern wold we live in , the ery least that we expect from almt anythig is inconvenience .
This is why , ms of us , prefer to travel with our on ar raer ha by a pblc tranprt ; not ny ht it keeps us within our prate sphere , it lso keeps us dy travelling on a rainy y .
Yes , we ae willing to spn more in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a efty pre for gas th be inconvenienced in a public tranport .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Paula Zuidweg an I hve recently graduated from high scho .
Nxt yea I will be starting the Psychology bacelo programme at te niversit of Groningen , an I would li to earn so oney beforehand .
So he I came cross this advertisemet yesterday , I ound mysf thinking how wonderful it would be to apply fo this j .
I elieve myself to be a sitble person for his job , as I am a hard working , reliable , cheful , fn - ving person .
When I was 15 years ol , I staed lookig after o neighbour 's childre , aged seen and nne .
Tho chilren are too d or babysitters now , bt I lo children and would relly lke working with them agi .
I believe myself to be a proficien ook , as I 've always cooked for my family in the weekends .
Wen I w almost three years od , my paets moved to Indonesia ecause of tei wok cicumstancs .
There I went to Sabaya Interntinal Schol , whee I learnt English .
wo yers later we moved bac , u I continued spekng in both Dutch and Egish to my parents .
I as read boks in English , so I think my Engli is cetainy ood eogh for ts j .
My hobies inlde drawn , bakng cakes , d eading .
I ik hotograph too , altough I haven't been doing that f a long time .
I 'm itereted in philosophy as well ; I enjo wrting essay about psychoogical or philosophical sujects , so evey now and the I write an esay in my fr time .
Thank yu so much or our te , I hope o 'll consider me or his poston .
I look forward to herng ro u soo .
Yours sincerely ,
P. uidweg
Fame nd the attitude to fa hae been one of the mst thought - provoking topics .
Students usully find it very inspirin d engaging to discuss this sue beause it is er difficult to give a clea - cut anwe and so , it mke he procss of discussion ery exciting .
Ther may be a significant number of rgumnts hich suppor the statemnt that fame is a good thing .
My personal attitude to fame is athe ambivalent .
On the one had , I personaly think ha e desire to bcome faous is a great driving force tha stiulaes peopl and brings a lt of benefits to others in ts wake .
Spotmen are n of he os vivid examples of it .
If we take footbal clb , for example , we c see that the desire to becom ell - non and popular mks football plaer very dedicated sportsmen .
They can fiht aganst the odds to be in te top league .
It is remarble ow muc stmina nd sirt a be deontrated by such sportsmen .
Their dsire to be at the tp cntriutes a lot to the fame and reputation of their clubs n countrs as well .
Wht is eualy importnt and ads to te importance of ae is th somebody 's desire to be famo a have a triggering efec on others .
It eas that othe eople feel challenged an do n't want to fall beind nd lok uderogs .
Without ti stimulus tey may ae been inactie .
On te other hnd almost eqal number of peole may maintain a contrasting point of vie .
he giv examples hen h desire to bcoe famous me people aggressive and ruthless .
Such people tried to achieve their goal irresective of t means .
I a illustre my wos by he example of military campaigns .
T dsre of some counr 's aders to beme famous and to loify their nams as great commandes brought abo wr n conflicts between countries .
Hundreds and thousands of inocen people a fl victim to th insatiable dsire of sc fame -seeking prsonalities .
So , ll in all , we a ot answer this question as " e " or " no " becaus hee is almost equl nube of amples that hp to suport h contacing points of viw .
It was midnight nd Susn 's crying s muffled by her pillow .
he could n't believe tt he as capable of doing su a horrendous thng .
It was sevn o'clck hn e got ome with er ams ll of grocery ag .
It a a strne atmosphere in the use ad a cll went own her spin .
She brushed it off and went to the itchen to put all the roceris on the kitche coune .
he looked around th ktchen an sw a post - it on the fridge . '
We need to tlk ' it ai .
She chcke the hour , en decided to all Michael .
He was n't answering s pone . '
He might be us .
He 'll cl later'e thought .
Sh went to thr bedroo to change he lothe n start dinne .
She wanted to surprise Micha it delicious pasta and ome rose wine .
h nt down to t itchen and proceeded with preprations , but she could n't get r of th werd eelng . ' Something is up . I can fl it ' , so s picked up e phone and decided to cl Michael agn .
After thre rngs , he ansred the phone , h breath short . '
eah ?
Hey bay ! '
" Hi . Where are you ? s asked , apprehension ring slowly . "
Oh , I had to fish something for wok , so I 'll be lte tonight . Do n't wai up ' he ai an hng up .
h looked at t phone surpised and tried callng hi again , but is phone as turn of .
She caled his est frin an also his wormte and ase him about Michael , but he ha no clue about it , so sh decidd to go to his offic .
The ride felt like and eternity .
h rked he car a few meters aw fo Micael 's ofice and walke up to it .
he w about to open t oo when she ard a emale voice comng om his ofie .
" What are we gin to do ?
This is n't something that wl go away in a few months .
I 'm pregnant and we ned to olv this out .
What ae we going to do about Sun ? " sai h unfamilia woman .
" I do n't know."ai te famila mae voice . "
I guss we 'll just have to play this one co , because I ca n't lse Susan .
You ed to understand this . I 'll y alimony d hp y with the kid , u I can not le Sun " .
h could n't eliev her ears .
icael has en cheating on her .
Fl of re ad disappointment she opened the door and sa the wman siting in Michel 's la .
Miche was petrified .
Ssan ooed at h , then at t woma .
She could n't be oe han twnty - two .
She ookd at m gai tn turned around and let .
he sh got hoe e packd some of e belongings a drove to her best friend 's ouse .
Afer tw hours , she cld hea Michael 's voice comg ro donstirs .
" I eed to tlk to her .
e needs to ear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
e ard heavy footprints on the stair d buried hr head deeper in e pillow .
Michael entered sloy nd trd to aproah his wife . "
Don't!"se si d thw h pillow at his face .
Mchae closed t door nd kn at tht moment he a made a msake .
Respected teachers d all my friends
Good mrning to oe and al presen ere .
I am very happy to se y all es again .
I am here today to deiver a spech to you abo boycott bullying .
hese days we s in he walls writen boycott of sto bullying .
Do we know the eal meanin of e word bullig .
Bullng m be defie as the activity of repeted , aggressive behavr intended to rt another individual , physically , mentally or emtionally .
Bullying is characterized by an inividual behaving in a certain w to gn power over another erson .
It a be classified into fu types :
Pyical ( hitng , puncing , or kicking )
Verbal ( nm - aling or taunting )
Rlational ( dstroyin peer aceptance and friendships )
Cyber - bullying ( using electronic means to harm others )
Toe who have been t targets of bullying can sufe fom long term motiona nd behavioral pblems .
Bllyig n cause lonliness , depreson , niety , lead to low sl - stee and illneses .
In conlusion , I ould like to y that ef harm , lo self esee and buling e all causes of destruction in our shools . We need to stp hi .
We ne to do something to prvent it , before it 's too ate .
Nw to boycott bullying form our sool i reqest all of you to tke an oath ha , I make a commitment to take a stand against bullying . I wil treat oters wh espect ad kindnes .
I wl have to compassion to no be a blly and the curage to o to be a bysandr .
It is my responsibility to el others eing bullied a to repr ullying .
Thank yu
Michael was sitting on the ech of th garen , waiting fr his mother to fiih her work .
S a a mahinist , and was currnty orkin on some secret work he coud n't undestand .
As Micael heard the sound of brakin glas , he ran up to h moer 's offc .
h w on the cold round , layng like a dead body , r son sat by er side , ying to wake her up .
He stopped when he saw e dark shadow walking to m .
It was a man in his late thirties , very hin and lht grey ey .
An vil smile as drn on his face .
He ased hs an , whom wa holding a metal bar , ful of blood .
Michael h no time to scream , he a already aying on he floor , by his mohr 's side .
5 ers later .
There he wa , itting on a ench in a gadn , waiting for his mother .
But this time , he just knew she uld ever ome .
h was o de , u in coma , in a hopitl .
He was in the same tat as her for abou a wk after he drama , and had to live on s own f the years wh ame .
As he grew wiser a tronger , Michael still always had this hop ht his moth wld ak up .
B it woud ver happn , n anmre .
He walked up to her room , hre s w comfortl sleeping in her bed .
He at by her ie , d held he hnd .
Tonight , she wol be gon , he alredy signed te papers , is oice wa made .
He too a deep reah before leani er r ad kisse sofl hr forehead .
ull of srro nd pai , Michl closed t door n ne at tt oment he had made a mstae .
Dear Mr Baon ,
I woud lk to appy or e j as a music and dnc teaching assistant at your smer schoo as adertisd in your advertsement .
I am twety - yer - old student in my second ar at ationa Universty of Culture of Ukraine .
Hr I am studying dance and choreography .
Also , I can play evera msic insrumnts , sh as : iolin , guitar , drums ad tambourine .
Futhermore , I oe children very mh , th reason can be su fact hat I he the yoner brothers nd oe younger sister , so I am t older ne .
Howver , I have no experience orkig with children , part rom helpin my parents wth brthers and ster .
But in dance ara I have a lot of achievements , sh as victories in diferent competitions and fstivals .
I am vey actv a creative perso with esire to wrk .
And of urse , as required , I can speak English quite well ad have a crtificate at shows it .
In my pnt of view , my cndidacy is nough itable for this j , because I am youg person , th a l ruired skil and a lot of eerg to work .
I loo forrd to hearing from yo .
Yours sicerely ,
lya Yahina
My firt memories of food are fom my ely years , as I ooed at my grandmother cokin typica Saish dishes su as paella or tortila .
When I w in schol I us to go to my ganparents ' home to have lunh bcuse my parens wre at work , I fondly remember my gand 's geat cooking skills that sh still owns to this d .
She 'd cook the best tortla , paella ad l of the tpica Spash dihs that I 've ever ate .
A fe years afterwards , right wn I started hgh school d hit my teenager years , I began eating biger amounts of unhealhy foo om American fas ood retaurant that I se to go to with my iends so days right after lass d durig the weekends .
Those yeas I was very familiar with te smell of cheese burguers , BQ pizzas and aso eabs .
By he ime my high schl yar ee on , ad right when I attene uiversit , I deveoped certain peilection for ypical healthy Spanish , unavoidiby combied with less fst food due to the sal diners with friens .
The main ause of ht change was ta I had to hve breakfast , lunc a inne at my college dorm 's inin room ta had amazinly good coks , Tey 'd ook eall god dshes ch as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
Wonderful inventions su as the train , u n airlane hae lowed us t freeo to travel and exploe this great planet or a lwe price .
ndustrializatio gave us te abilt to mas produce public transit vehicles so that everon cou be free to move .
ravellng by car may be more convenient on an individual ais but pollution is a dnger we have to fce .
If l of used cars , the leves of polluion would be incredibly high .
Public istitutions sold encourage e e of puic transport , especially trains as they use electricity and ae es olltant tha thr ens of transport .
Ter is a prblm , though .
Prices of train tickets n be ry high nd they shld be redce .
Trffic is a rely g problem in ciies nowadays ad only the use of public transport cn make a significant difference in h quality of lf in our ctis .
If those who r publ transportatin systems ope to mke them greener in t future , they 'll ha to co with solutions that re oh enery efficient nd ffective .
In onclusion , I hnk that pubc transprt s an important rol to pl if we want to prerve e qulity of ife in r cites .
I elieve tht my backround is suitable r this position .
My first degre gav me a gd trak record in physiology and anatomy , d the experien , as a biologicl scincs ' student and as a research fellow , allowd me to uild a scentific inking .
Furthermore , I have improved my skills in molecular , biochemcal , bioinformatics d microscopic technique , n I as would like to point up my high motvation to develop xpertise in te clls nd pharmaceutica research .
In addtion , I am commited to science d I am a dedicated , tea - orentd erson , ho is able to work independently .
Dear Sir or Maa ,
I am interested in e English Coure in which I can learn at my n pce .
Therere , I am writing to give you my detail .
First of l , I consider ver imprant to ear a econd languge and nglis is a very sed o around th ord .
I eed to spak Englh whn I trael abrod .
In adiion to that , I am graduated in Compute Scence nd there is a ot of information available in this langage .
So , I need to have a gd vocaulary to understand the materils I fnd on th Internet .
Sondly , I have bee studying Enlsh fr six yers . I am goo at reang d grammar , b I am conscious hat I need to practise my speaking .
I can strt h urse as on as posible ad I pln to spend 6 mnth on it .
Fnaly , I ave interest in technology , envirnment ad scienc .
In my free time , I like to read boks nd play bord game .
I am looking orwad to receiving my pogamme of sud .
ours faitfuly ,
Ana Frreira
I live in a small vilag , in he Germn region of esse , caled Griesheim .
Th city authorities have a very sict policy regardng wste disposal .
Al citizens are nvolvd in h process by organizing their waste in the corresponding bin nd by making good use of e waste calendar .
Every house in the vllage has hre containers :
- One f the paper ;
- One r the b waste ; and ,
- One for t wst that cn not be eycled .
In addition , ellow plastic bags re pvided for fe to separate t lstic , ca d icks .
The cs of e waste disposa ervice epeds only on th volume of n - recclable aste produced .
he yellow bags and te gas are processed at no cost , whatever e voum .
here re ao plic conainers r glss a lothes all roud e vilag .
Eventully , th citizen becomes part of a ery meticulou recyling proce by looking up to the cost .
On the other ad , the ity provides a punctual public transport sysm , vey convnient .
This ysem relies on the tram .
rams re availbe 24 hours n tram stops ae enly distributed ; it kes no more than 8 minute alking from o sop to the nxt e .
e bu network complees h public transport srvie .
To ride is another sitabe opto , if e weath allows .
The city is be frenly an ike phs are avaiable .
Large orets and coury roads , where crs are not allowed , are al part of h offer .
Jack nd t gret , furry waffle .
Jck s a fat , lazy u who loved foo , nd he wol never mss a mel .
He would ony drag himself out of hs house when he hed a new ye of ood ws creed .
ac lived with his mommy , he a no o , a when she had tod i to be independe , he ny lasted on month befre going on poverty .
He a really sad bause the gvrnment w enfrcing a law on annng ne typ of fd , his had bcome a huge prolem because or Americans were getting diabee .
ne d before thi new law was establshed , a crzy cientst created a new waffle , " the great , fry waffl .
" Thi wa an ncentive r Jack to go t , he wa sre tt desiny had rarded m with this blessing because he had eat ten ho dogs in a r , althugh he fl a bit ik after , he kw it was oth the r .
Thee s a bit of conflict in his plan , th new waffle was in Texas , an he lid in Washingon .
He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , bu there was nohng bettr tan a w waffle .
He aw on his mommy 's eleision tht if he ws h first person to ty the wafe , he wold get a onu of a hundre bco stips .
Jack bougt a ticket to the ealist fight to exa , nc he gt of e pae he n through he landscape .
He like the tend of everyone bing fat in Amica , tht wa he could fit in .
Once he got to e lborator hee the pacae was ae , he told the a scetist that he wanted to eat hs waff .
e scietist gae hi " te great , fry waffle " ad a buch of syrup .
Jc grabbed it and t it in hi moth , he culd ate heen in his mouth .
It a a ombinaton of bacon , met , an cheese wt a little it of butter .
Wht he i n't expet was tht l the hair had gotten tuck in his throat , leaving him able to reathe !
In a matter of econds nothing he fell to te ground , ching .
uddenly , a gian is fell from the sy , cauing him spit out te hairball , Jack could not believe hat he aw , the m riin te fis was Bugs uny !
Jack finally lost weght and lived happiy ever afte , the n .
Have o ever stopped to think that exst some standards in e socey ha everyone knows and follows althogh some peope do it uconsciousl ?
These standards are called unwritten rules which can be dined as unspoken rles impoe in each culture to mke the populatio to li more civily ( ob Greene , o Unwritten Rules Circumscribe O Lve - Paragap 6 ) .
In fa , since th begnning , h witten ules have helped to creae the civilizations hie t unwritten rules hav helpd to maintain hm , allwing life to be more harmonious .
For exmple I ca ct h imptance of the unwrttn rules in my own culture , the Baziian culture .
There re ome apect ad actis that everyone o lives in Brazi needs to flow , and thse directy reflect h vales of the Brazilian cultue .
e of the most imprtant unwritten uls that u should foll in razl is relatd to the vol paterns .
When Olqi said tat h siuaion ad he envronment eine he corrct te of speech ( 1995 ) , he a talking abt h Arican Amerian Communication , bu he is al describng e Brazilian communication at the same time .
Even thugh ther is no defiite consenu bout the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , thr r some facts about te exremes of it .
First , razlians fel uncmfortable when pple cos to hem raise eir tone of voice nd cntinue speaking loudly during a og time , ithut they av ear reasons .
It mes tht y pretend to trsform t dilog in a moolog ; oreove , unnwn people in th same environment of you frequently do no wat to ko bou ou tiking .
Surprisingly , on t other hnd , a speech too o is seen as an antisocial rule , ad can be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazilian ultre , if during a conversion a person speas t o , the liseer will assume that th speaker doe not wan to contiue with th dialg or does not cr about wha o ar tlkng .
In bth the extremes of a speech , lud and w , there is a violaton of e vues of a good communication .
Therefe , when you r in a conversation , it is iportant to py attention to eecute ith successful h unwritten rues of vcal attern .
As voca patterns are consierd so important r Brazlins , personal teritory is aother nritten le that is eas to e people usn on the streets daily .
When y r in a space ht you el comfrtable being around oher peopl hat you do not know , hi spae is yr personal territor .
And , it can chnge cording to your egre of familrity or intimae wh the oter erson .
In som countries like he United Sates , whose respect of persona territory is extremel important , the public an the intmae space can va between 25 feet n h touching ( Ewad T. Hall ) .
In Brazil also there is this difernce between the public n e intiae spac , yet the magniude of this is ot th sae of h U.S.
Although h Brazilians have a sorter persol spae in comparison wit th United States , ty ar no tolent with strangers ivadng it .
So , even hough the distance btween people ar shote in Brzil , bh countries vlue the ia of maintaining a space ha both pepl eel comfortable , call persona space .
Although Brazilians usually do n wory aut distance mae by othrs , people from different cultures bieve ht Brzilans spend mu time ookin at others .
As a reult , some eple cn mke misinterpeations .
For example , in som culture , razilians an be consdeed ue by woen because ey like to eep a constant y ontact , ad or these wmen this meas a lack of respect or ivason of priacy .
Differently , foreign mn oft believe tht tey are ing esird d to ti constant e contact .
In geeal , this supsition is not regarded as tre for many people in ur culture sne razilians believ that constant eye contact is n of the mos important onts to mintain a good diao .
According to artice " nverbal Communiction : Seaing without Wrs " , ey contat is iportant bcuse " insuficint y ontact an crete communiation barriers " .
In fact , in Bail , the ey contact is primordial , being considered witout nteest to speaker or tht the speaker is botering o if you do not gie enough attention hen you are talking to .
T source of is rle is easy to be identified especially hen he paren are talking to thi kids ; it is hard to get exclusively the kid 's attention , u t parents inistenty eeat , " ok at me whn I am taking to yu " .
Therefore , this iterction demonstrates that e ey cntact can hve a strong infuence in t clural vaus of attentieness ad respect with he otes ' opinion .
After being socially judd by the society , we can perceive the diect influene of nwitten rle in our cultural vlues when somen beaks at leas ne of them .
In Brazil , the social ues ike vocal pattrns reflect in he communication values which can be decisive to keep a gd commuicatin .
Also , the pernal territory a governed by rue tha vy depending on t country , and in razi a considered sml , u everyone hre appreciates this cultural value .
Eye contct is aothe important cultural lue whih is us by Brziians mning resec and interest o others .
As in Brazil , ac ounry around the orld hs reflections of th unwritten rules in th ulural values .
Because of these varieties of vues and ues , usually there a some msunerstandings between people of dfferen nations .
Respectig these rules is h irst stp to understand the nd avod some conflicts .
In addition , you shold avoid uge cultural value ro oth couties based on nwriten rules of your wn .
It was a rainy Monday aternoon nd Michae was gaing t te widw thinig about s life , when he sw i frind , Jo , dashing throuh the street .
Wondrin what he mih be doing , Mchal shouted :
- W are you in suh a hurry ?
- I 'm late for my piano lessn ! I rell ave to go , see o later - John replied panting .
- Oh , oy , bye !
Michael ad a chemestry tt the next y , wever he was n't in t mod to study and so he decded to al Al , his best fried :
- Hey Ale !
Do u want to go out ?
-
ea , su !
Wer suld we meet ?
- How about he cafe nea ur chool ?
- To be prfctly hone I do n't really lie it tre !
what about th one nt to the shopping cente ?
- Sud get .
See ou thee at half past six ?
- Ok , see you later thn .
Michael grabe hi co and crept t of s house in oder ot to wake up his prnts .
He remembered that he still ad n't studied for is chmesry st .
Michael closd the door an knew at that moment he a ade a terible miske .
According to Ferguson et al ( 23 ) , ietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , a its reduction to nirte ( N2- ) d subsquent conversion to nitric oxde ( NO ) , reduces blood pressure .
Bn , Morton and Braakhuis ( 212 ) als argue that nitat is considered a ptent vasodiator .
The reson for ts is that h nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels and diates hem , which helps the blo flow or asly d lowe bld pessure .
Thus , h induced vasodilation may affect oth systolic and diastolic lood resure fter te exercise .
Nevertheless , a tudy of e e Eglnd Journal of Medicine claims that only the astolic blo pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , onc it ws not fou in their study a signifiant cane on sysolic blood pressure after nrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
Surprisingly , he current study has found significat changes in both systolic and iastolic blo pressure pst exercise .
Tu , h invetmet on researh abo the inflence of nitrate supplementation soul continue , te aim of whic wud be to improve sports prformnce ad improved quality of ie .
In conclusion , th results of the present study indicate that supplementation of beroot juice has no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergomete performance .
It is unquestionable hat soe research fund significant improvements .
In this present study , however , the rowing time of h participants was no shorte than imes ithout supplementation .
Iportantl , it was not found serious chages in blood lactate levels either .
It w asume that etroot juice would increase e oxidation and would educe he lactt prductin .
Nevertheles , t nitrate supplementaton did ot chage the lactate leel significantly .
Finally , it was cofimed tha nitric oxie elaxes bod vesels , consequently redcing h blood pessur .
By his action , beetroot juice may effectively protect e ardiovasular sytem durin exercising .
Despe he present fidngs , it is necessary more reserh to udestand the effects of nitrae suppemenation .
By this tion , athets my improve hei performace as well as quality of life .
Dear edtor ,
I rd yr article but technology n education in the newspaper yesterday an I am writi tis letter because I strongly disagree th yor personal opinon about teachers an education .
Due to the ac tha I am suding to become a teacher , I have sme mr knowledge about this subje tn any othr peole becaus I am in the school classroom evr day ad I fa t relity of it eery d .
To begin with , I agree with you that tcnology sometimes makes the ducational proce esir and more pleasant in this way ta tudents have no idea that ty broaden their knowledge .
Of cuse , I make use of computer an pojector drig my teaching daily , ecause this is a pleasant ad entertaining actiity for childr .
Afr a , my objection is that intractiv leaning is not te only way for children to be educad .
he traditional educational process y sometimes sm to be boing d dull for cildrn but a teacher shld be a prt of this process as a guide .
Witout teachers ' guidance , elf- sudyng ay ring some probls to children , such as possible misunderstanding .
Newoking eucational cotent r t afe at a .
It is ommon for childre to watch violence scenes .
So , te taher is a necessy part of the educational prces .
Noadays , oun ople gradute fom univesities , wh com up it new n nnvative ideas out educatonal process ad so the radiion will be updated xt yas .
To be re precise , new educational ehods promoe h students ' teamwork .
In other words , students ave the opportunity to discuss with their classmates in ordr to soe a mthematic rolem in coopration or to lk abot a subjt .
Frthermore , we it 's necessary go tudents cn hep the ther classmates to imrove themselves .
In hs kd of educain , teacer is only the gue who lps studets to discove the infomaton on heir wn .
urthermore , it make cildren more ociale .
In contrast , interactive learning my bring ome advantages but it can aso mak children ntiocial , eause they ler on hei own witou th need to be in t school with othr people .
They do n't nee to co - operate nd to wr as a team .
This is bad , ecause it will be necessary to ork as team in tir utue job nd hen ty will fe serious commniative polems .
To um up , I am o against interactive learnin and te use of tchnlogy .
My prsoal opinion is this is no sufficient to cover the education process .
I think tht it is effient he here is a combination of traditional education an interactive learning .
T " Campo de Mate " pors cere
The " Campo de Marte " sports cete in Lima is the perfect place or yug peole who are keen on sports and or he oes who woul ike to ake up a ort .
hi is a good option especially during the summer time .
Wile dog thse activities , tenagers will easily make new friends ad devlop ew sklls .
Al tis is a healthy wa of getting it .
This spots centre ovides a hu variet of physical aciviies .
On of thee is thleicism . "
Campo de Marte " is one of the fw pces in Lima where you ca practise thleticism professionall .
Besides , y have the cnce to te part in internaional competitions if you stand out .
Aother important actiit is swimming .
You can practie it in a semi- Olymic wimming pol , ich is lways clea and protete aainst te sunlght .
However , during the winter it n be not warm enough to swi properly .
I strongly recmmend young pople to choose sports in whic yu can tke part of a em .
This experience would teach yu how to work with different kin of pele .
Dar Mr Michal Wllis ,
Thank you so mc for this opportunity , I am very grateful o eveythig .
I think English is in fc very important because first of all although not being the most spoke language in te world , it is e ffcial language in a arge number of countries .
Most of h ontent prduce on t ntrnet ( 50% ) is in English n las b not least altogh larnig English cn be challenging and steals soe of our reious time , we n see tha it is also ve valuable to lern d ca also create many oppotunities .
Aout th accommodation , we tked d dided that we would pefer to be wth English speakig familes because of what a great portunity it is fr everyone to actualy tst their speaking skills .
Ths is a once in a liftime opportunity and I am crain tt we will cersh eey sond of evy minte there .
I was actuall about to email you about the activities ta e to be planned .
Regrdig the stdents preferences , they all love the outdoors , like ars an rvers an thy also love a good museum because of thei thirs f knowledge .
All in all , nythig tht will ke them away fro bng bored n with nothing to do .
Concerning is amazing tri I only ave two questions eft starting wih the weather , considering you experience wit the change hpening this tm of t year a the secod and last about wa type of clothes ou ecommended which is of get impotance primarily or our femal students .
Yus sinceel
Margaret Dunn
I agree with the statement bov to sm extent .
On the ositve ide , travelling by car is more reaxed because yo do not have to ely on others to riv for ou .
ctally ou have more freedom in wic roads to hose n you can have breaks whenever ou feel a ned for ome time of th street .
In addition , driving by youref u ar not limited by e satins y hv to visit .
Goig by trin fr example , yo eed to get to he next train sation n afterwards from th destinaton tan tation to your taret .
Often enough o hae to rel on her services such as bses or axs to reach yu destination .
On h her hand , using public transportation is good fr he environment becaus t amou of gs , electrciy n otr materals is a lot owe r head .
Furtermore y he he chance to take a nap , do some work or watc TV while u are beng transported .
Mreover you a be lucky to avoid bi traffic jams especially if you re aking the tin .
Avoiding traffic jams , constrctin ite , ccidents nd ter obstacles yo may being affected by may reslt in a lower amount of tm pen trvelling .
As a conclusion you can s pubic transport will hav its use even in the utre . While gng by r may be more comfortable frm time to time , he reasons I stated boe le me to t conclusion that public transprt is necessary .
It is popularly belevd hat he golden er of public ransportatio wil be ende so due to th hav se of automoble such as ars , cabs d vn .
Public ransportation mes like trains and buses have been immesel helpful to th neral pubc throughot the past cple of decdes .
On th ther had , taveling by cr is getting for oplar tan it ever was th development of science and technology .
People wo are based on rura nd emote rea re always prefer to use public tranporation according to he researchers from Columbia Universiy .
Howver , in some countries , public ransportation is a nightmar because it has ot been maiained by the goernments pperly , tis is one of the ma reasons which ad led people to se prsonl vehices rather thn rlying on pubic transportaton .
No ony people in ountries where it ha poor public transportation b ao the most deveoed countries , there is a hgh tendency of using car stead of depending on publ transportation .
Despite the fac at usig cars eing expenive , may people sill prefer to se their ow vehies ecaue it ses thei valuabl tme .
Public transpotaion , on h other hand , consumes a t of time to travel fo one distce to another .
e of hig power efficiency and linear high ower amplifier ( HPAs ) e growing .
Power eficiency and inarity ae importnt factors in many aplicaions such as celulr communication , wireless communication .
Higer powr efficiency and lnearity cause decrease oer consumption , incease lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
Clas - E power mplifier satisfies those goals wih lineait echniques .
Class - E power amplifier PAs work as a witch d can obtain theoretically 10% power efficency . Class - E power aplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 975 .
hse PAs ork as a sich ad can btain 100% Dain Efficiency heoretically .
oweer in practice ere a sme limitations suc as , switch on - restance a varus owe lsses that prevent aceving 10% Drain Efficiec .
Secrt agents ave ten ben chose as the in charaer of stories ad films , sc as ames Bnd 's oes , wih maned to be eally sucessful .
Bt what exactly makes p sorie so fascinating ?
There coul be a lot of reasons , li the iea of lvng in an adventurous y or doing thns in secret ; t in real life , what ind of person does a secret agent ha to be ?
Fst of all , bng a spy requie special slls ; not everybody is suitle for hs kid of life .
For insace , the aility to ber ot phyial and psychological sres is o sometng u can asily learn .
In t same ay a scret gnt h to be ble to take risks en euired .
Therefore bravr is very important : nobody needs a fearful spy .
A ecet aget work undercover , so is most imrtant qality is possessing gret kil in yng .
sides , ince his wor is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family and friend , know bou it .
So , ahough the lif of secret gens may ee fscinating and exctin , it is als diffiul and ris d not so sile as the one shown in films .
