It 's diffclt anwer at the questn " what r y gog to do in th future ? " if the only n wo ha to know it is in two min .
When I was younger I sd to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salswoman n even a utche .. I do n't know why .
I would like to tuy Psyhology because one dy I uld open my n psycology office n help pople .
It 's dfficul beause I 'll hav to sdy ar and a lot , t I thn that if you lk a subjet , you 'll study it easier .
Mayb I 'll change my mind , maybe n .
I thk that te public transport ill alwys be in the ftur .
Th rich eple wll buy a car but the poor people always ee to use a bus or ti .
I consider that is mr convenient to drv a car beause you cary on mor things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , ou 'll meet friedly people h sually ask to u something to be frinds nd change ou elephon nmber .
In my experience when I d n't ave a car I ed to use the us to go to t school and go back to my huse .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when o have crashed in t street , in that ment u alized the importance of a publi transport .
In India we hae varus types of Public transport , li Cycle , Bi , Cr , rai & Flight .
Depending on the distce and duration to the esired plce , ode of tansport is chosen accordigly .
Bt Generally speakg , travelling by car is much ore u when ompared with other modes of transpor .
This reminds me of a trip ha I have recently been to d the place is Aga .
It akes around 6 hor by Nation highway to go from Del to Agra .
We ae stpped at hotels for havng food and ust in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks jut efor the trip .
Since , we hae h option to wai anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is imposibe when travlling by tin & ligh ) .
In aditio to it , we can as tk a comfortable short nap on t ak set and wake up fresh .
Due to th abe mentione resons , I am going to conclud that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sah .
I am 17 years d .
I am looking fowad to join you in this ye summer camps .
I love chidre , an I enjoy looig fte hem . alo , I organized mn pots ativiies before in my school .
In additin to that , i enjoy cooig .
My amiy think that my cook is amaing .
I hope tht you gie my h chance to join you .
Taks
My fvourie sport is volleybl becaus I love pays with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport play eey place , we I trael on the beac I lk pay with my sier in he sand an after we are going to the se .
It is ery funny .
when I s young I like plays with h ball in he playground a my friend and I played using the soccer gol as a network of vlleybll .
Der Jo ,
How re ou ? I 'm writng to iform you that some dice on travelling and wrking in my country .
On th oe hand , in my country ere are a lot of place to travel .
For eample arclona , Madrid , Sevilla , alecia .
Thre e wonderful citis bcaus there are a lot of thing to visit fr exmple in Mdri ou ca visit " Puerta l ol " , " Las Cibele " .
I vsit Madr twce a ya .
All summer I visi Sevilla because I love this cty d I ugget th you visit Sevila .
On the othe hand , in my country there are a few jb beause the economy is very a .
B , if you want I loo r a jo om you .
My bet friend lokin r a people esponsible fr look after er sistr .
e sister is 6 years old and you shod look after very weekend .
You wl be interesting in ts ob ?
Thank you for you e - mal , it was wonderful to ear from you .
I 'm looking forwa to seein you .
ak are , Lau .
Today public transport stl la an impotat role in transport system and it will kep on in the future .
Because public transprt is a cost effective and bette resorce alloation in as tansport systm .
Also people need not to ffer high orating ost running teir own car .
B it a se a cheaper way going to their desinaton especally it is fr awa fom me .
r ample , I think that it is t affordable f an ordinary erson to o a private airplane traveling to another country .
Intead it will be ommon to bu an r icket an id on publi plan .
In my opion I hik ta public transport in ftur is gong to continu to be us ecaus her re a lot of peple that does n't ae enugh money to py f a c ee if it is sed , so pbli transport contiue to hv uture ut pople a gong to s oe the cars thn u or underground .
If we think bout it t car is better bause we do n't need to wit fr the has we are waiting fo e bu or underground t in another wa car cust more oney than e ublic transport .
By car we can ju sty wi ourselves which a be od because we ca listen to the sic that we like d we do n't ned to be round people that ae unkwoned b if we choe pblc transport we can meet fieds or family so bh trasnportations are good and the cars do n't ned necessaraly to end up with the ulic transport .
If I ad it to choo between both transportation I think I probably chose ar ecase it is btter for me to go by c th to go by us .
In my community , we r very interested at envionment n ecological tings .
We have soar panel and a lace to make copos at the last garden , ith worms who et ad degrade a the rganic waste of the school .
In soe strtegic pins of he building we have pecial trshcans to separate the garbae in oranic , paper a cardboard , cans and et ottles and they also made tas and presentations aout the earth problems lik glbal wamng , contamination , et .
he managr of all this roect is Miss June Si , ur ciene teacher .
l this iititives a made us all ve the ears a recognsd ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I wa to are abot is my favorte spor .
My avoite sor is fotball , why I choos it?Well , footbll is a inerntional sport , people ound t world will ve it so much!Examl like aclay Premier League , Lga Preer , ia World p a so on .
I beleve that 's all will delighted us .
By e way , my favite footbal team is Manchster Unitd , they are brilliant , thy hav an amazing football players , ad te are awesoe .
Mihael was a litt d when he had a eam tat ws : Be a supr hero !
After many years he stil dream to become a super heo .
He enter t uiversity of medicie because he think that ths prossion ws e more similar to be a uer hro .
Pass some years of the university an he ow a il called te and he t lve on hee and sh get love in i .
Kate as cursing he uniersity of ashio .
Then the wo started to dt .
Michael n Kate ws so hpy , until ne day tht Mchael said to h rem to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous ayin ha it a ridiculous nd just a id drem an that Michal was onl dreaming ut that would evr happn and that super hero do n't exs .
When she said that , Mical tared to cry d get mad sayi hat she was lyg an do n't have hart .
He o so mad tht he asked er to get out of his apartment .
In following day , she sai ory n them was happy again .
Bu when te e to the om of Mchal they fght again n chael e a knife and kill er .
He crie with a lt bld around .
Micae get aw fr there .
Michael closed the oor and knew at that moment he had made a istake .
ubic transpotaton is an impoant invention in huma histry , it brings amount of benefits in our ie .
For istance , we take subway in order to void tocking in traffic .
It is tr ha ovig by c is more convenient than take public rasportation , however , it would caue more dmage to or life nd harm our evironment .
Therfre , we ne to thik more abt our fture , our offsprings .
Giving them a sae , cean d comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transprtatin , raffic am will be serious ta before .
In my county , tapi , we always stock in trafic for about o ou in the morning .
I ca t imagine if there is no bs or MRT , ow long I will take for school .
r is convnent for hman , bt it brings damage o human al .
For example , carbon diode which is created by car .
It caue gloal warming whc hreat o environmet and harm our dail life .
we can se ta her are lot of serious n freuenty weather diaste hppene in dcades , sc as typhoon , hurrian , wild fie ad mud side .
What other precautions , is uslly taken ?
he NG Office is notified by the photographer when e film was siped .
If e film des n't rriv on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments he been foun re easily when thi process wil be tartd ight away
Th peasue of travelin
People go , people ce .
Evr day lots of popl r travellng abroad but , what 's th best way to do an interntiona travel ?
The mos important option to ravl is , by r , te plane .
t , ve when it 's true at it 's t faster otion , yu mst be vry carefuly at time to get off a plane .
If you are lookig r confor n elax , obviously , o have to take a boat .
ere ae a wde ariety of things to do d njy th trip .
Althugh , h better option , is pik o a train .
There is n't comaration on watching the changes in he lanscae through a indo , enjying h way that you e dong and , e best par , th cheapest way to e awy some days a take the outne off some dys .
Anyway , no ater o y go , no matr here you go .
h pleasure of trveling is travel at l .
Transpotation one of te most important hin on life so we he man of kinds f transportion n we trvl by ar but in e near future it will be other comfort and eas ws to travel like st trai and pan that c transport yo frm norh to sou in less than hour this will make business mn ppy and comft ecaue of saving a lot of ims ad efforts so we hop tha h government can aceve this ay as so as possible
In moern ocities , ther ar lots of friends aroud u daiy lis .
Bi prject coul t be finished wiout co - peraions .
Friends could be commicated and exhanged the ideas , feelings and funn tings happened rond oselves .
Mo importntly , e paents give our lives and th touch us knowledge n skis or abilities to live in thi ord .
In this cas , the amilie lyed imortant oles in daily ive .
T rasons ae as follows .
First of all , we ould lrn lots of sills from parents according to their wn experience .
For examle , we could learn hw to communicate with others in a frienly wy , and we oud as learn how to ak a eal fo parets .
Secndly , the families could give ou some advice about how to deal th the things wich will cause trube .
If difficulties was tol to te families , the ideas wol ce up to your families and communcate wih yo about how to olve is siuation .
All in all , in this case , the families ae e mot mportant frieds in ur lives .
Th Computin Tecnology s ben advancing very muh thi last ears , king the old computers alot useless , getting better and making te differene betwen ld and new computers grow even more th every new discoveemet .
As we a notice , d a new computers re astly differnt , strtig om h size of he cmputers , old ompuers ee uc bigger th nw computers .
Od computers wre used to occupy one entie room , o , he only hve the size of a bx , even the ize of a book .
You can have a portable computer ow , an tae it wit ou to evr plae you visit .
Old coputers ony l ou mak mth sks , or een pla simple gam wit 2 colrs ( gen an bla ) , bt nw yo can do hatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or radig a book , onnect to te intert , wth or make videos , invet new tuff to improve te Comuting Technology , and not oy in 2 oors , b thouand of them .
One of the gretest acievement of new computing , is the iternt , here yu can connec to other computers , downlod stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wreles Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rkt m8
I went to the abdon house nd started to tink the est wy to make his life miserable i pased e nxt 2 weeks looking fr dea to make him sfr .
As i d n't foun nothing , i ent to e pae he live at d started to lo or some infrmation abou hs life and fod eple who he are about so as i contined to go to is houes i notice he will alays go to te same house so i decidec to follow m to th huse d i fon out he s dating a girl he iht be hi grlfrin so i inaly gota an idea , i would drive him crazy js as he did with me , that y she will thik he had problems on i mn ad left hi , but sn i hougt but it again and ralied that if i dd that she will y to help i and they wil be more united , so i decided to dive te both cay almst at e borer of death , ju as he i with me !
Bt wai a minute am i realy so anry to ak is ?
Y !
I screamed , my age had dominated my mind i did nt ha no longer control oer my action , i w afarid of hat i had becom and what i could do , but i could not control my self a the oly hig i ould tnk of ws hi suffering it a slow death and h saisacton i woud fl when i finally had my revane , the bet evnge .
ut i was so mad at him n so ansiouns to make hi ife imosibl , ad on my fer of death and my anger r l of te suferig i hd been throug became stronger an bigr , i had de a desition i ws goingo to do it , if he ddicatd 4 years of s lfe touroring me and t aning me to be hppy i would t time is nesesary f him to ha a miserale life and i wo nt stp until i had acomplished my goald
I 'm n agre wih this idea competly .
On t one hand travel by a r really mch more convenient as give e chance to o to be independnt .
On th other had hue traffic jas are a big issue f travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I bornt to be a fooball playr .
or me , fooball is eerthing in my fe .
en I see football on th teevsion I dream with play in a big tea and in a big hampionship like Barcas Pemir League , Liu 1 or ig BBVA .
My favourite clb ae Benfica and Ral Madrid , wher Rnaldo plays , f me he is h Bet Playe in t word , that is why Rnald on th Gold ball of 21 .
I pa otball in a Portuguese cl caled valenciano an we won a l of games tis season .
I dam in win a lot os leaes in Football and win the best championhip , the Uefa Champions Lagu and he best score of all the time in Uea Champios League is Cristiano Rnldo , my favourie player .
I ly footal because I lie but the onl reason that I do it hardly is because of my ad .
His eam is that I becme the next catan of a g eam ad win a lot of mony .
My ame is onny .
I graduated from National Taiwn Uerversty of cince and ecnology .
I am 25 yers old .
I am ntersted in looking after hlren and laying wth chilfe .
I ke peronaliy with childlike , so I lik chldre .
I had xperience of holdng basketball cpetition when I was student .
I Planned many interestin actvitie r viws to mke competition alive .
Thy enjoyed t gm .
I aso ike to cook .
If my om coos , I alwys help hr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic a harwoking .
I always sime to people .
I really wn to get this job .
I want to play wih children n see their siml all da .
I think that sie is the bes gft in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I hav passion for tis j .
If you thik me is the rht person you wan , peae give me a responese , Thanks .
public transportation ha en more used by peple a ovr h years it is kind of becomi cheaper and also more af ut so people prefe cas to extent do we agre with and what is r reaon for tht that is what r we ong to demonstrate in this essa
bore about 40 ears ter w nothing clle ubli transportation nd eople rarely ownd cars so in those years there was nt en od facility to mov from plac to othr nd tha is because there s no companies to build cars in abou 10 yas cars trading became viable and ls became ve supported by having her on fans at the beginnig h faced a lo of problems bu they were le to sole it by he n
noadys all aciliies of travelling r or conenient from crs to bss ven trains d plaes .om peoe pree cars becae e do like crodd plcs or because the find it somtime eaper bt from anothe point of view pulc ransprtation is very cheap ad even faster but whe it come to traveling a l of people prefer ridin their o car to ee t rl experience ad to enoy more by chilling ou fo rowde places
to summaries it is different from ome oneis oinin to another i predct hat pubc transportation wll be improved an people wi use it ore n moe tht by the end car il disappear nd will will no longer be sed
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of publc transport in our coutry .
Ths conclusin become more promnent if we look ino te data of h car companies ad exponential growth in their sales figure and with o budgt private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in as 10 years
Dvelopment of biodiesel industry n be a contriution to prductiity growth .
A lage cal of nvestmet was brin for biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth n obs opportunity , ereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you are living in bi tw or small It does matter ut on ting should be tkig cae by te people and organiser of the tow , is envionent .
Globa warming is hue issue in tody 's date .
Government shoud ae immse action to tp it or at last ake it low down .
Hoever we te peole hve really importan part of making it worse .
Active and a god goverent undersnd th alue of taking care of tees and water d air ad mc more to pride a fresh , clean an safe envronmen to their people .
Rcyclin ite can be a gd ep to sar th clean d se environment whic is pefectly and promtly taking care by my city .
veryone hae to pln a re in front of their hm wh th rule of proince overnmet .
People is t realizing tht cutting th re can reuce he pruction of oxygen in atmophere .
Eventally human wll he no more fresh ar to breath .
Additionally , ur city overnmnt as prohibite smoking in public area an under 18 yr old n proides a ree session of talk or presenation to increse e awareness of clan , safe , fresh nvironment to th city .
In conclusion , I wuld suggest to our eigbour cities to taing part of cleanig environment so on dy it n be seen in whole counr .
Everybody as his favurite srt .
My favourite spo is footbal gae .
On o school or villiage foobll taium i spend a o of tim eery day .
sully i ly football with my clasmaes .
Bfore training i a 1 - 2 kilometres an my legs get a powe and my bod gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - workng coach d he gve professional advic to us , how to improve ootball sills .
His main words:"You must work ad work vy hard , if y want to get hgh results " .
I c y , at cach is experienced erso .
Not so lon go , we a had competition .
he frs lac w gotting by us .
We hve achived ths resul , because we e rendly and organised .
I believe , that in the futr I will be a faus football paer in team uh as Skatar or ynamo .
ootbal is my ife .
I wn to give advice to somee who sarts this sport:"Y must belive in yorself " .
allo my firend ,
What 's up ?
H are you ?
How s ou d oay ?
It 's relly nice for yo xpressly e - mi yesteday .
Y regret tha you wre n't hre with me . I 'll ty icribe everything precisely , becouse I know tht yu ry
Der Paul ,
I av seen your notice in the academy newspaper a I 'm ute intrested . I he no plans o ths summer so I think it is a go ida to pnd it .
I ws orn in the UK so I n be a very od teacher of Englis .
Although I came to Spain e years ater so I can speak wih em in Spaish if it s necessary .
Als , I assised to a alet course for 4 ers hen I was young .
It as a lot of time g , however , I sill kee the rhhym in my body !
By th ay , I remembe I ad to reate a dnmic training to do with te othe ballet - ourse embers . I had to be h teach f one day d I did n't forget it beause I felt wodeful .
All mebers cngrtulated me , as ll .
On he other hd , I hd taken care of my brothers a cousins for may hous he th wre very young .
u must ko that I 'm a vry responsible , kn d funy perso .
Tha makes me a go canddate to hieve the ob , or the hob r me !
I oe you keep in mind my candidatur because I 'm o going to disappoint ou .
Best ihes , Jul .
In my opinio public transport wo n't be sufered by he shortage in demand .
Because n eeryne afford to b their w car .
esdes there re lots of low ncome pope o ca n't buy hir own c .
So I hnk public transport 's future is bright .
ht is te " Family " meaning ?
In my opinion , Fmily is the place tat had you best fiend an help each oher and know ech .
In h Taan , any of peope have to te ce of them parent when they get old , but the point is at if u cn n survival , I mean you do n't he enough money to raise you parnt .
Back to the top , I do n't know wl y of ember of in my amily , I do n't trust hem , honesl .
I li NewZealand because thre are ma islands .
By the way , NewZealand he a cool weather .
In Malaysia , t weather is slightly warmer han there .
Tat 's why I rer al of you to go there an fel th pleaur d have a y their own fo .
ou an lo bught a lot of gft ike k chains , statue , or wh else memories to be made befor rturning to Malaysia .
I di ot hve to go to NewZealand bt blive me it is very bautful lac .
If I have sustenanc , I ll go there and brig a of you .
I live in Lenti , a sall cy in ast Sicy .
The loca Council hasn't a projec fo the environment .
People collct ny kind of rubbish d hrows a together in black sack .
Althug the Council begn to lan something , the people are n't committed with h roblem .
Arod h ct , you a find my places whre he people thw frgo , kitchen , " amianto " , old thigs or furniture .
What a pity !
Te suburbs of Ltini could be wonderful .
here a orange tree , a arge lake and Etna in background .
When I was a chid , I had a lo friends a hy were er iprtant f me .
We ever played in th park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a eenager I ega to live situtios ta I di not like it , for instance , he grs said to me d this or hy talked bad abou me .
In thse years I live the worst momns in my life .
I remember we I elebreted my 15th birthday , only e schoolmate wanted to come to my prty ; I thik hat this y was o of th worst d of my lif .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got a friends .
However , my parents tried tt my prty was th bst nd they prepared for me a speal birthday d they invited all my cousins and together went to ea piza and gave me a l of preets .
In there momnt , I thogt that my best friends wa my arens an sister .
I knw hat they nee talk a about me .
ow , my husband is my best friend .
He is he most ipotant people of my if .
He as vr been with me .
Aso , he is very fun n I laug a lot ith him .
Bh like to travel aound te orl nd to pactise om sprts , o example , tennis , uning or treking .
We lik wtcing TV sere and ookin sevra desserts o .
To su up , my bt friends are my family , especilly , vid , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming bsie nd bier dy by day .
A busy life alays compell to use the asest and mot covenient mode of transportation , hich has made public transportation system a bhin mto crs .
Hi U SUMER CAPS ,
This avetisement for a job has ben reading by sitable erso .
My me is María , I am from Spain .
I am intereste in ti work bease I enjoy traveling nd I am eacher so I lie working wit te children .
I am sure that I will look fter children very wll .
I oul ik to speak Englis pefectly so I think up t idea abou if I ok in summ camps , I will impov my evel English .
For the ohe hand , I oud teach Spanish to the children in the ummer cps .
I am waiting yus answer .
Hi a
Hw r you ? are yo still livin in Mdid ?
Yes , I staed my lsson the las month ad it 's er interesting .
I 'm lerning a t and the students e very friendly .
u I need to stdy hadr becase I want to pass the exam , ad it 's ey dificut .
However , if I carry on studying like n , i wll do it .
The essons e vry funny
Dear Si or mam :
I hve se your announcment in he newpaper and I am terested to apply for .
I can seak English nd I am a lovly , energeic d hardworking eson besides I have recommended paper from
my at company .
I hv bn woring ike a childhood tacher in a chol and I am qualfid .
Besides I have cooking sklls nd I lov to cook .
I hoe you ae interete in my pplicaton .
I am lookig foward to hearing from o .
Sandra arrients
t tecnology hae hanchd he eope 's li very uh.in fct we can hin hw dfferen is or lif respect eitr to o parents or o grandparents life.fo exmple my paets i n't whacth on tv , because ther was n't y tv on the rld wn he were young.but it is n't the aone difeence : we can hik at h moblefon , he computr ed at est th intrnet.our gandarents wudn't iagne a strage mahne like ompute in their lfe .
Atough he fact that personal vehicle like car now is opular , in the fure , the stnce of pblc transport is sti vry cucial .
Nowday , people use fosi fue as th ot imporan source of enrg for tavelling , manufacturing , this source of enery de n't always mainain at te onstant level , bu someday it wl be un ou .
People must fin ways to e oer energy sources like nuclear electricity , wi poe , public transportaton such as electric metro use is kind of ergy .
As a resul , governments il invest more in eserching te usage of hes nw pes of energy , travelling usig ublic trnsprt wl become muh cheaper than personal c .
The rang of plic servcs wl be xpanded to rmot areas , it become much ore convenient .
Comutig , travelling usig public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , t populaton is incrsing rapidly , in he near futue , almost cities in th word wil becme overcowded , It wi lead to man other roblems to be solved , r xample , raffi jams , a pollution .
In me perespectives , these probles are led by the over - using of personal vhicle .
ople will reise tha usg heir own cr is just to waste their te o traffc jam or to gdually killing theseves r breating pluted air .
So t es way for them to rave is public transpotations .
Each person houl practice saing when usi any source of eny to protect is own liv .
In conclusion , investments on deloping pblc transport will be increase considerably , pbli services of travelling hve a biht potetil and it 's snce in th future ca n't be relaceble
Hel lx , hw r yo .
Are you re o weckend , ae o ny plns .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , ad I invite you to go ih us .
If u are interesedt , fid me at 8 clock near he cinema ntrace .
hank you Helen fr hos wonderful prents .
I always wt to read tese type of bo .
I en to tepe in te morning followed by unh at the hel lter in te evening nt to e beach .
In conclusion it is evident that becuse veloping countries are fang poitical and economic intbility , migrant travel for bttr eductin prospects and stable environmnt o younger eneratio to grw up .
Th effects of brin drain re that it crees a shotage of pople uaified fo profesional job , conomic stabity is ffcted as a esult of ck of people contributing to the economy .
Th cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at inernational an national leve on a broader imensios an rational pattern , for it is a glbal issue .
In thi sitatio , developing natin shoud tk control of iflation ; focs on oosting up te infrastrucur d la enforcement to suppor public in a positive aner .
There is n't o few oxygen at te top of Everest to reahe easily
Jordan Rome has t 13 when he climbed Everest in May 00 .
Mnt Everst is so ig that it is ver difficult to climb .
the top ws reached for the frst time by two climers in 19 .
My friens and I , we lik a pogrms of TV , elcronic music , fashionable clthes . I prefer all .
Soetmes we are goin to the pay 's in the city , I am dning in the aty ih my friends .
Thy listen to he musc nd can we ar inging .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance wh your girfriend .
oe is he best son . he is singing and talking in the party .
Ohr peson is Anel , he do n't dnce in al place .
He prfer stuy in yo home .
Hel Sometng .
My names is Steven an I 'm 14 years old . I 'm livg in german .
In h mmnt I sit h Secondary modr scol .
I 'm in gade 8 .
My life is difficut becuse I ave to ealze everything .
For example the are gir e is in my class he is beaiful .
I love r ok .
Hr ye looks as the sun .
But h is ignored me .
I op I can forget hr .
Run for yo lie
My avourite sport is r .
I ik to running fast so fas in fact that it el me as if I n on a an he eet do not hardly touch he gound etwen the srides .
My favouite pla to un is in the forest b I like to rn sportive too .
I am likein to feel th ground under my feet is soft so sot n e rd cocrete of the footahs in the city of the streets .
he bestest avice I cn gving to someoe wo is statig e running is to starting sowy ad no to tr to run too fast u then to eentually bld up e running ek by week so ta vry week you ae running a little more frthe n a ltle mor fast and the after 20 ears you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opiio , television can be educational . Whether yu a watching the ws or a ow about orld War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose h igt tlevisin ows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jry , it hardly wl ave any ecational alue .
Although ne cod arue that you can always lar something .
A friend of mine ecentl explaned at if a zombie apokayse should happen he wuld be prepared because he hs been watching Walking Dead for ome time now - so in i eyes , he lerned ho ( not ) to ac in ha ce .
toa I want to writ aut my b .
I 'm a forensic biolost an I deepy lve my jb .
It is a job wit a o of interesting spets ,
It is dnamic , stimulating ad , evn if it is not well remuerate , I fee myself satisfied .
In th as few year fresic biology hs devlope many aspects ke bette sensibility , robutnes of reults d less tme required for nalye a saml , b what truck me mst is how ft ths cane happens .
Televisio sems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : do television ofer highly ikely opportunities for e adienc in an eduaional way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believ television cer both entertaining nd educationa fuctins .
It nte how many educational prorames broaden young chilrn 's hoions in t past few yrs , ow quickly an adu lan difeent basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as ooking , science ad tehnology .
It ls notes educational programms make a decision on wat citizens should kn in h uture and hat knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart fom euational conent , thre a so man foul contents , businss advertsements and ake information on TV at citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrn .
owevr , I elive the educational programmes on TV tll plays a vital rol in educating bo adults and oun children .
I think who h bs restaurant hee we cn go is " he ailor 's restaurant "
Hee we can ea typical Italian foo .
Th las tme o I as here I hae a he best iza tat I have ever e in my life .
The atmosphere remind t theme of e sea in fat he walls re decoratin wit a o of shl a e aitrs e drssd lke aiors : I thin ha it 's a gre idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class beause there is a lot of space so we can si all together at th sa ble .
th owne is a vry ind perso and I 'm sure wh he mkes us a convenience price .
No futue for public tanspor ?
Public transport is te chaper wa of trav , so it has fture .
Currently , most pepl is sed to use teir own car to get to work or to go hopping , u to , it is me comforable .
But ars pollute he air ih CO2 emssons eve a ad contrbute to the clite change .
So , if people re awae of this subject woul n't use so much thr own ar .
In aditio , having a car is ver expensive .
Firs of all you need a afford to by it , afer ht , yo st pay or te asurane , council t , an echanic bills , and so on .
weres in a publc transpor , you only have to y the ticet , o do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks dow it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , ulic transport ollut ess than cars .
In conclusio , I tink pbic tanspor has future , and e more people use it , the more futu will hv .
I 'm your employee , to seve on your company .
Very pased to be ble to receive your saary payment .
t pay a litle low .
I completed many task , including ttorng thre students omplete summer omework , crrectin homework diligently assist the instructor , e instructor helpd organize handouts , instead of he insrutor to answe quetion aisd by th students , but also to cean the classroom hygiene , very ard , but I hv nthing to complain bou .
I ok ha fo w months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid to much lower thn I expected , I want a little hher wages , pamet of 300 ua mre hn e existing wa bis .
I invt you to consider te propoal .
I hnk abu transport that he goernment has to help the puli tanport , fo exmpe bus , trn , eto d moe , for te on oe reason : the qlity of lif against e plltion .
Travellig by car is more conveient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying fr serch pakin an r cs of fue , and so maintenance cost .
In b cities public transport works well ecause there 's a go feedback by people .
Instea in te smal cities , it ca n't be good in e same ay , ecause r the transport cmpanies it 's not onvenient invest money , becase fewer eple woul se it .
T Sawyer s a o that lved with his aunt Polly an she h to unih Tom because someies Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to choo and he saw is frie Huck which thy talk a lo and Tom exchanged a tck for his ooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl namd Becky so Tom talk to er at school and they went int a secret garde nd Tom kssed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so e got md and she ignored Tm .
Tom a so d because Becky i n't to talk with him so Tom wet on a tri with Huk and disappeared or ees .
Whn Tm aw his house he sneak into his house nd saw he aunt Polly ryin r m .
So te et ay e pele of he town wen to churh to hear h funel of Tom ecause man people thought tat Tom was dad but sddeny Tom oe the do nd got in so erybody was so surprsed to ee Tom .
The next day Huck wt to om 's huse to tell hi tt ere is an abandoned huse up the ll so the two boys considered like an adventur .
So they went to the misterious house and hen they wre iside they heard voices so Tom d uk hide d they sa that Injuin o was the e that was talking .
the two bs heard ha he s planing to steal sm one and kil peole so te by start their adenure on sping Injin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Thank u fr your message .
I will do my best to swer your questions .
As f yur uestions , I tik ha you sould work in Japaee restaurant , uh as Japanese " ryotei " an " izaay " .
Th is bcause you will impoe your Japanese kil in them .
Recently , may south East Asians hve stuied Jpanse in Japan while woring in te .
By improving their Jpanese kills , in Japan te hve he opprtnity to get a job .
Michel closed the door and knew at tat moent he ad md a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house whe suddenly he eft all he bahroom dirty ad en to his house .
so he went back to Sah 's hous and clen al he bathroom , but Sah already knew that he let the bathrom lke this so before Michael eered to the bathron she said : " I nw what you lev there " and ichae wen nning to th batroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in e centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school h a unque reputation for thir frindlness a the quait of educatin .
I le my ths tcher vry much because her teaching syle is vey realistic a simple to understanad .
Good Morning :
This is an say aout my favurite spot , it is swimming since I was a child bcase ways enjoy a lot and wht is mre I cn do it alone , I nver refuse to go swming pool and les in summr , of coure .
I do n't have friends w lk wmming , almost ike footbal or simila teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't bring or me futermore , I prefer goig alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anyody .
I id tt becus whe I as eleven my bs iend a been operated on er back ad before the operation he cme with me and ever day I had to it for he because h spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning r long is , I hated that !
Luckily th opration was fne ad she eft to come with me , and since hat day I go fr my w .
Swi is a rlaxng exercise f me and normally there re n't many people in te pool , but someimes ther are children d I do n't like so much because ey like dsurbing me but sometimes it is ausing o .
I would recommended to people h not know swim to learn , becaue I am pretty se that it lie it and later they can stop swim .
I think tht dance is a way fr self - expression .
It 's not ju a hobb , it 's more tha his .
ance is a psion , a pe of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget l my proble , xcep my tupid comanios that hey do n't understand anything .
But thi is aoher theme for speaking .
hen y dance , sng , or act you a sowing soehing to the ulic , something tt 's important por yu .
If dnce is your passion , you practise eve day , d ou 'll keep practise al the ds until you can .
If you are tire does n't matters , because o like that you 're doing .
You 'll wake up ealy for goig dance , or do dance classe .
Yo do n't matter if o go to sep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a jke , y must sep .
If y love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my famil .
i lov my amily secia my little ster , she has sixten yers old , i consider my est friend because i used to el her eerything of my life .
i have a dog it nm 's cene , it is a oldn retriver .
It 's a lover d , he know o i fel .
My olest sister h name cithya , she is really weird with me .
our relation is not god because she is so different to me .
Alo i have a broter is name is jose lui he has twenty years d , hi personalty is dinamic d fun .
My m a my a , hey are a go guys .
Actually i prefer pass my time aone , i am worin in otr town so i stay awa fo my amily .
Hi mrs .
Kate shby ,
h are yo ? I hoe yo ar well .
o wor in our cafe u he to speak English of course , ybe know o to co sm type of sweet foods like cupakes , cake , cokes or brownies , te mst popular foods of ts year .
Anohr thg that you must know it 's how to deal wih eople , we ae erching or someone h can impress veryone , also someone o ca bring e cstomer od atncion nd service .
We need somone reay for wrk long hours , bcuse u cafe is going to opn evy a .
That 's l , see o soon
ises ,
Fer
we think that in the futue the plant wl be in bad conditions and the trs wil be dissapearing , fer that we will be hvig wars .
In 30 ear we wil have changed ur anatomy , lso we ill be eating fast food , on te ote ad , the noh poe will have elte totaly .
e temerature will have bcome cray by glbal warming , so some people will hv died becaue the naura isasters will be mor aggressive .
Th Technology will av advance an ybe te cars wil be flying by streets and computers will he totlly changed .
Bcaus of this , we have to raise awareness of what is hapenng and we elp te planet .
Friendship is something ver impotnt in my li .
I ca n't magin my lifetime wthout frind .
How to make fieds an meet new peole ?
It is asier tan yu thnk .
Just ... trt talking !
Cmmnication is the ot importnt point wen o 're going to make friends .
Yu hae to rmember , ht frends are o supposed to agree on ery single hing .
They just have to cal lk about it .
If your friendship is eal , you will alays find int between your opinion a ou friend 's o .
Just try , it wo n't os yu uc !
Good d ,
My nm is Fouad ad I wud lk to talk aot my aorite port , Volleyball o of the mst beautiful port ever and I ud to practise this sport 3 time a week ice 1980 , th reasons for my enjoyment th hs sport are as follows :
1- make me i and helty
2- classy game no friction between players
3- it exercise ll usles of you body
egarding the aboe I advice all ookies to stat prctis this por ad tey will g many benefits .
However , h auts te can practise it as wll d the il g te sam .
As citiens of village , we totally care aou environment of our villge .
Ever nday , we do a muta cooporation where anyone cn tat rubbsh as go as ey tea themselves .
We clean h diry ditc , seep rubbh hn we bury rubbish .
Whst , we recyling inorganic rbish too .
Fm inrganic , we can make ba , hat and other stfs .
Then they cn sell them and get ncome of it .
Th eator of the haven a te ert , the creator of soles , the o ho make ear rotate around it el and around the n .
Wat we belie as Muslims tt , we hav created by ne w do n't have other wi him h one who cete or father ( dam ) ad creaed from m ( Eve ) and they wre in e Paradise an intrcted to t a from the tree u e Sata decive te so they broght to ti le and geerations came fro them and ad sent the propht a messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohad , others .. o ey woship the ame one ) wth Miracles and evidence of the truth , to uid the eple to know wo who il follow the tuh which wi guide to the Paradise n who folow otr path wich it will guide to te hell . so becue of at we are here to do t est in his short life .
Trasprtation is th hart of a city whether it is blic or prvte .
Nowadays people prefer ow vehicles rher th
public transprtaion . dy by ay fol ar more raz about own vehicles which leads dark future of pulic transpotaton
irstly . i aree wih ivn statemn tat there wold be tough time fr pubic transporation in near future.because people wamt pivacy as well as freedm which is quite impossible in public transportation .
seconly tse mo of trnsportation overs
as much as psible of city re or tow which misanaged outine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence gerally peope vod travelling by publi transportation finally i can sy that there e vaous oe of transporotation avaliabl
to cpetition wih public transportation .
nowadays people have numrous option fr travelling like many riate cmpany
hic pl an important role to give toh compettion to govement . as a reul of this cosumer gets more benfi like lower faire , piacy , freedom and af travelling.in addition any autombil comny launcing n car with affordable price which insist people to use ore and more private echile .
I go for a wal to a park eey da it my lvey two Corgi gs .
I met may peopl in the ar .
I nvr toght abut , people got so many t .
In th peak ime in the pak is very bu ven hough t park is huge !
ome eope are ey friendly the me as their d .
Bu so peopl are vr rud a teir dogs r aggresive to other do .
Famiy is h most important institution of social life .
Every member ve his o roe and t ss , t father or t moter , hve to uid his ea to understand e right bhavour or atitude to have wih lie .
Uully there re generation problems , sos do n't nderstand parents n viecersa , b ialging and listening emotions and acts , eeryone cn have another point of view .
arents us gie rule to sons to ndeline limts in social bhaviour u also ust istn oter poit of views to ri - arrange ad update his knowlee .
A mother or a father a be a rend if there is communication and trust , if soeone give his contribute in family duties .
Rcentl I saw the triller of mokingjay prt 2 .
If you ant to e that move , you eed to watch e first 3 oies before to understand it .
The irst moes , ee amazing ! !
A lot of action , drm and omace .
The fans of ths series , had been wanting for thi move ciece the t first move appard , that as in 2012 .
I do n't tink that this moie is r all th family , because is hard o little kids to nderstand , in opinion I think is more a tee moie .
I think peole will like ts movie ecause , its very similar to the stor of the book ; ti on of the frst movie that is rally bad in the book , the theme is ey nque and origin , also the actors in he frst moves wre prfect , and I think ht in the last mvi , they wl u double effort .
Hope yo guys oose his moie ! !
It will be vy oo to s th l part mokingjay !
my fvorite sport is arte .
Fist of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I fl I c hold on r hous .
hn I 've ad a ery bad d stressful day I can rlax doing karate , bcause It 's the kind of sort th it is n't very hard .
Taining arat is a a to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinio , it 's ery difficult to nd ti advantage wth othrs ports .
art fr that , Karate it 's no just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respct , balac even culture .
my taher show us hw we hve to behave with others and he tech us a lot of things about the japanee culture .
for someone who strs Karate is ey to folo te class , so my advce is ust not to g nervous n to be concentrated on wha he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very importan , something without which we an t ve .
Today topic is Technology .
Nwaday we us techoogy in every thg , om educations to mang clothes , we use technlogy everyday a everywhere .
Technoly is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and imortnt f delopment but todays geeratin is influencd wi technology that they av stopped to do othe actiites .
st year , My frien ichael as at school when he heard aout a hot story competiin , he lied the id so he decided to enter the competition .
bu there s a fees in rder to join the copetiton , he had no mon . fortunately he ve a l of rinds tey a lent him .
he phoned me ad asked me to lent hi me money to register the competiion .
he to the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in ritig the story aftr ng te spending in wriin and did good o he wt to ie his sry to the interatioal student magazine ofice , he found out ther ar a notice on h dr a th t competition as anceled , he ame bak vey sad and told me wh happened .Michael closed the oo and kne at that moment he d a itake .
ravelling by car is n't so mu more covenient unless it is so much mre cmforable , but actualy we do n't thin bout the contaminati in r planet .
ravlling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because tee are n't n chair for me .
On t ohe an , in the ftur aye old have a bus which hvin chir for everybody and I do n't hae to stand up .
Ohr tanspot pubic is the taxi like car , it is so me comfortable t but it is or expsive han bus or train .
he AVE or aeroplan are a goo option r on rp .
In conclusion , in the utue shoul ve a bus so more comfrtable .
Nikais19
5 May
ar ir Dimar .
I am writing aout a poblem at my city .
I lv at Patr a big it in Greece .
in my cit all shools a some walls of ildings are ull of drawig ad writing .
h vandalism in patrs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately we we say to someby to do not draw he walls bt they do no hear us .
For u city it is very ba ecaue when some new ople visit Patras thy see that thing .
atas is a very bautifl city n for he ulture , an for er monuments .
Why to see ha aaer thing ?
Aftr we have tis beutifl city we hav to mainain her .
In my oiion the police should stop e Vanalism .
If it have poice al aoud he city nobody il dare to do a graffiti or to wri something or to draw .
I ope you wll do something for that poblm .
Yours fithfully ,
Jesyka stavros .
A around the world pupils are waing for finishing chool .
Tey a eage to begi a ne life as adults .
But hen hy reach in - between riod , confused feelings cro tei minds .
As a rle afer last exams th do n't nw wha university to chose .
Wht te will do in future th e , like in a gg .
In ts way , ide of a yr off between leaving school ad starting et education is very resonable .
Fistly it 'll allow ong people to have a rest fte t fit hard - wrk sudyig peod .
Tn or eleven ars at school make tem ire , in pit of pupils do n't noic it .
But choosng the secod education is vr important sep , which ne serus titude .
Secondly uh year ff wold give to utur students a chance to r themselves in w proesional sphears .
Alo the wold ve an opprtunity beig involed in volonir activiy .
And thirdly they migt wr for earning own one or travel .
hs year holda woul be realy helfu for relaation nd gettin n power for future education .
n year is not long eriod .
But beneits after year off wil be bvious .
I liv in Sa Migu Amoloan , thi is a villge in e unicipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the Stat of Mexico , the are of the environment is vry important n in my village they take different action in the ce of this .
Peoe collects trash of hei huse and await the tras truck th carried te trsh to a landfill locate outside he village .
lo , people go out to colec the trash that there is on e osk , t chuch or in the principal places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am iteresed to improve my Enlih , so I am riing to reqes frther informatio about the English cose .
Firtly , I would lie to know how lo the ourse lasts , and if it is possible h dae exacy , becue I need to bok my flights .
Secndly , I do n't live in Cork , so it old be grateful if y coul en me detis of accommoatin tt you ofer in this urse .
And also , can you gve me an idea of how much it old be ot every different otions ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learng a language as well .
asty , Lt me kw if I need to pss ny leel test beor starting .
I look forward to hearng fm you .
Yours fathfully .
Rosa .
eer looked at i watch n knew that he a to do omethng immedately , atr listning convrsatins of his new neighbours .
Thy are paning to rob a very precious thing rom Museum onight .
He oe n't have much ime to prov their pla n he coul nt wait to e it happe .
It is hi to ad it is his dt too to sav town 's history .
He alld he police and infomd about his neighbors robbe plan .
oice eaced Museum and cauh robbe red hand .
I am beleving hat there is no futre for the publi tranpot , using trains is mor convient and o exenses lso to deceas the caron ses wch afecing he ozne , peole houl be aware about the efect of using the pubi transptation on the econis an enviroment , govements shall encarge the people to se h other ways for trnspor , his suject shall be suesd in all media to learn a encae the peopl to use he wrigth way f transpot .
Hello Estela !
How e you ? I hope you are we .
I 'm writing bcause I tell yu about my last summr holday .
I went to s rdes .
I stayed about e wee in the ome my boyfriend .
I had a weding .
While I as tere , I did a lot of hins .
One dy , I visited eadro del melero .
It a beautiful .
Ad there s a wonrful view .
Th other a , I walkd a o and te d the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfall ws Chorrituelo .
It wa spectacular .
e wedding dy , I had a great time and I ept very late .
The weddin ws in t monin , n at the afternoon we te in he restaurant with ote people .
However , in the ngh , we a dner in a garaje and there a a ary , all night .
You shod visit a Hrdes , It is a eauiful site .
nd thr a a ot of things .
And t people are ey nice .
Englis is an internaonal language which become importnt or h mder wrld .
In China , English is ook to be a orein language which ny stuents hose to lean .
ey gin to study Enlish at an aly ae .
Tey use at least one hour to lar English knowledge a a .
Evn kids in kindergarten ave begu earnin simle words .
ha 's a ood phenomenon , o Eglis is esential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think Englis is superio than Chinese .
In me opnin , tugh Englih is for great significance , t English is ter ll a forig language .
it is hard fo peope to e e to e .
English do help us read Engli orignal orks , but Chinese helps us learn a true Chna .
Only by charactes Chies itrature an snd f its brilliance .
eaning a countr 's culture , special is classic cuture , the firt thing is ear its lanage .
Because of we ar Chnese , wh do we gv up our mothe tongue d learn u one culture through a forign languag ?
I s , last mnth , in a antastic resturant , Woolypools .
It is small bu comfortable and famous for is big rguers .
Woolypools is a speciallist of al , it 's a mal resauant .
In my pinion he restaurant can be better , respect to meat , t it is perfect to av innr with yur friens .
I have expet to be more famus , better n igest .
e problem of te restaurant is h pce , it is r fm he ople and cities , a the space , that is very small r lots of pele .
In is life we hve ny things that make us happy and mak u ives go on .
for example , a present or a gift especilly if it fro you best friend .
Once , I gt sick and stae at general hospit , and my friend gave me a flower .
It as my favorite flowr I av it vr .
In my town we create a sma organization for mre healthy evironmnt , beauty ouch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town mut participate in this , the citizen wl take the responsbility fr specific day to clan he tn and pt h rubbish into correct plc and clean tr and plant mr of it .
I 'm agee with the opinion tht te famous peope , suh as politicians nd fil tars deserve to ave a private li whout journalit following them l e time .
is horrible ae a person behind you all the tme , you not have a fe , ot peace , not a happy .
In ation all pearsons have he igh to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all t im having a photo , all e time , when they eae , rnking , happ , s , o is your love li and with whoever sa , if sta with something mprtant our ha by .
This is terrible , yo do n av prvcy authought the soiet av a bae , becau if they do no ak a phto our follows te lfe of h famous the people bored .
So that , poiticians and film stars will have support it , beause then te will have to bear it , ecause they then ave te rward wt what they earn .
This is all .
go morning .
H are you .
come he .
Get don .
Ge in to he roo .
Get in to h bs .
Let us alk .
t us lay cards .
t us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your poos .
t me watc your hus .
e me allow to enter in to your cbi .
Frgive me . :
Bring hat o .
brn lass of wte .
Dnk atr .
Eat foo .
Run fst .
stop shouting . do n't shout .
Let us bth .
Oe upon a time was n lttle ant called Penn , he was reall small in compared wh the others .
He hed to be ke tat ecaus most of the nts made fun of him ntil one day something horrible and inevitable happn .
It s a dark night it was aiing until a big active volco explosion burid them into te underground .
ll of hm tried to ind a way ut ! , but no oe ca n't ind oe ... They stated to get panicked !
People just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big eartquke ...
Penny as too sa , the ol thing that he an do is to wit and keep calm .
ntil the da ll of them go ut , so they sacred utl hey fnd a rfuge .
Eveyoe nted to wtness e quen , but no one find something .
ike they were ve eligios ats tey pry or he cred ancestors so they ca help the in the big del .
Somting tat they do know was ha th who thing was a movie !
So al was planed ...
e actors had moitors that watch the nts all the me .
One day Pnny dscovered it nd it go to tel it to his quen , he quen at kowng that he get ve confused b at the am tie she et mad and se wantd reenge .
So ey make a plan to dipla al ...
The next a when tey wr abut to sar filming tey ee nn ants tee so they serc for thm , t they ca n't find them ...
In at moment th at ad Penny attak the in their backs , makng them to leave th plac .
The ant w h wa an thy exand their habtt to te tuio .
No e attk them again an they lie happily ev fte !
I have man favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball th best . I always spend mo tim on plaing it .
I usualy ply basketball everydy aound at east thirty mnutes per day .
After a hr da at Uniersty I go home ad then I go to t stadium to play it .
One hing mes sure tht I alreay finished all of my work befoe I lay my fvorie sport .
Basketall has my benefit not to me t also everyone .
It makes me fe reaxed nd unnd .
Besides , it ls hlp me keep fit and have a good oy shap .
I really cra
zy about playing it .
Whe I ve spare tie , I often gather my riends to watch basketball match on televiion .
I oftn pa basketball at he stadium in the mrning .
Sometime , I pay it ner sports entre .
I go ack home nd ha a sleep depy whn I finished it .
baskeball is an outdoor activity .
That 's reason hy basketball is my favorite sport .
Wi h sweeping proess of developent d th booming of poplaion , may agricultueal land , forest n ocesn d been ed to destroyed to build mor constructure an transport networs .
From my own erpective , I believe that it will bin mny drawback to the environmet or even hum and aimals .
To start ith , there are a ide range of troublsome it maybe leading to this phenomeon .
Convincing argumen c suport ht the roo cause is tat lmos all the pernt day cities are aleady packed with places of residence , cmmerce and recreation and he lad avilble for nw housing developments is increaingly scarce .
Additionally , peop n continus estroyed more agriculture and forest in orde to satisfy all their need , whic will distory h ecosystem diversity and biodiversty espeialy h endanered species .
According to te prolem above mentioned , various appaches ha governmentshould be adopted to deal ih this prblem.fist of all , reducing buildg constructure fom nw on , planting mre trees instead .
Sustainade development should be awess to al human and tart to porteat the environment nd preserve t animal .
To sum up , hs unpleasant phenenon nd poblems should be wore o to resole before thing get worse an e government have to take the rsponibility fo th .
Nowadys te languages are ver imprtnt , and more Englih .
Tis is not my first tim at I study nlish .
I hav been studying Eglish since I was child an I never speak and lar so wll since I decid to go to London ne couse to learn this languae .
I av tak ta deciio beaus I was tied to tr to learn Englih an I d t hv the level that I want , so wn I heard abo that ooportunity I said y .
The car is n't the best way for for the trnsport , becaus it prdce much pollution , owver the pblic transport is bete to do a ourny .
It can carry may peopl without probems .
Nowadays in th cities developed the e many possibilities for pbic transport , like u , tain , ubwy , tra tc.thee opions it 's more econmicl hn the a , h problem of the a is tat nmally the car is occupied or a peson , whn the car is prepared fr to carry four or five people .
is situation to ceate mn polluion fo environment so we have more conscience for th planet halh
I want to y somethn about t learning of the Enlih Languaje , is hd to get to me for the next reasos :
First reason ; he grammar tht the learners , teachers or intitues teach , is like te Spnih Languae , my natve Languaj .
That I at to say , is very dificult to understand th conjuntin of e ver 's in Spaish Languaje , just Imaging you he sam but o in your native enguje .
eond reason . in e English syntaxis , the structure fo constructin paragraph or sentences , he verb is write before e subject , t no always , Which is the rule ?
Is there anyne ?
h third reson :
I loe to play ricket .
I am enthuiastic oards this game .
My favourte ea is India bause I beons to this country .
In Ina , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indin crickt team won hi first world cu and tt 's cane e direction of ar in favour of crcet and eryone start to follow tis game .
I love this game bcause my favourite sport ma belong to this ame .
is ame is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar kw as lttle maste .
Whever I la this game , I aways olow this person .
His stance , Style , hos , rning betwen the wicet , eerything which is ost required in th game is up to te rk .
ot only me but also evry Indin always ollow Sachin o crice .
Wn he was 18 , he plye first ame for India .
He is e first player ho played 20 test in criket .
He a many ahievemnt lie first 20 in one y etc .
I oe the way he was played .
For a ance frst they have to dece wh they co do bttr , attng or bowling .
If e person want to come bowlr then conentrte on runig , actio , stance d for basme need concentration on ag and bat coordination , ye an b coordinati , discover oe shots hic became e facr in batting .
Also wac videos of some bst player like Sachin , hul , Sir n breadman , Hayn , Wasim kram , Brett Lee etc .
As heal is impoant fctor in vey sport so also ne to mproe health , stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hea yo a oing to vst to my country .
I am lokin forward for ti .
I a give u any advice on traveling and working in my coutry .
l wish you will have a impresed time .
The weahe is neither hot nor ld al yea , yo ne n't brin too man clothes bause you can buy in ee .
If y at to trvel this ct . I can be your gie as I ave a yer free beoe univrsity too .
This is a odern cty .
People sualy went here fo hopping or eating .
There are any loca fods very poular .
You ma like this .
I also at to introduce my frins to you , we a have n together .
when u hv pyed enug in ti cty , ad yu want to ind a ob hee .
I can recommd you to my uncle 's opany to do a job .
ecause it is difficult to get a jo here if yu e orein and aven't finished colege .
It may take vry long time to find a job an you have ot much im hre .
You may onsier my avice .
My favorite port is swims .
It 's beaue swim is rely fun .
Also I thin swm can kep ou body i and it n make the peole o swim feel col when it is in a hot day .
The advice that I give to someoe h wnt to star swimming .
It is not be araid of atr , otherwise hey may not lean swm and aso when the g become lde it wil be mo difficult to earn hn the little .
So ths e the advice hat I ve to them .
Dear Camp dirctor ,
My name is Eider nd I am 21 ers old . I had ead yr advertisement in e newpaper !
Ad I am realy sur hat I am the person hat you are ining .
I am monitor in the free ime , and I am looking for a temporal b to improve my Engsh .
either I hve pblems or woking in a kithen , will be cer if I od you that my prets he a bar .
Accordin to my age , evening ctivties are n a problem or me , ad I played mn sports urig my lf , such as socer , bolleyall , ...
Waitg for yr awer , Eider
Te ty wee I live is a smll village .
A residents ak gret care of the nviroment .
Organizd shares , where everyone clean up t viage .
ll residents segregate arbage thrown nto suitable ontainers .
Thus helping to protect ur environment to make it cla , safe , in order to t jeopardize our rious disaes .
In my villag tee ar trash cans , so that no one trew debris on the ground .
Thre r spcejalne pae where y c organize boires , u everyone has to clean up after thmselves and thow o all garbe .
We hve the ability to use rnewable energy sorces , because it is cle to a wind power lat .
Recently , lso on t roof of the primary school we s the batterie and e whole school uses solar engy instad of electriiy .
hy organize monthly meeings on e environment , rsidens participate in em .
Wszysycy residents of my vllage , ey ry to , so at our village wa cear that ollute the envronment as litte as possible .
Travelling in thei wn car is wy more comfortable ta king a rde in pubic transportation.there are several reason to consider .
Firtly , the bus is alws op by to get a passenger ha tae a me me tha exectd to time of trel .
Secondly , te pbli ehicl roue are re a tan usa route .
Tirly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally , her is a chace to ecome a victm of theft and pocet picker .
Hoeer , public transportation is much chper than to buy a n r a for the avenurer who an to have an exciting trvel fo then to se more actin .
Le wtching outsid or sight seeing , to mingle and meet dfferet people .
In addition to hi I also dmire e bullet tran in japn wch u consider ast an safe pbli vehicle Ive'd nown .
To sum it up I sll consider haing her n car is wa more safe a cnvinent .
Public fture unless he ave pojec to at east lessen the tie of ravel and prioritize te sety of their passnger .
As far as I 'm concerne , I tend to disagee with e decision of mineral extraction .
More detail n reasons ll be elaborated in te follwing paragraphs to supprt my pinion .
To begn th , extract t mieral ill be harful to our enviromnt .
here are breattakig sights on the ouskirts of my hometown .
In my childhoo , I wnt there to snd my smmr every yea .
However , it will probably be disappeared if he developing equipment were being e .
Nt to go ill be , the extration of h valuable minea ll definitely leads to r polltion .
There as be an exampe that the other ton is polluted by e process of developing t mineal .
No ne n deny that the pollution issue is n of t utmost iportnt thing whh shod be pevened .
ast but not the est , te mieal extracion will tr out to be profound influence , especilly , to r offsrng .
To ak my friend , Taylo , as an example , e homeland we oe - developed a beome an arid place wen she was a chd .
Aer he grows up , she deides to leve nd never go bac to er ometwn .
In addition , se has no blite mmory in er childhood .
One oblem is that some peoe wll conider e job opportunty that it migh bring to us .
u to e mineral development , man peoe in our omeown a probably ear much ore mone than befre .
It sees like a sogt - aftr cance .
eertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacacy .
In addition , money is no more cruial wen it comes to health d environmental coservation .
In a ntshel , Basd on the reasons and instace above , th disadvantages of extrct t valuable mineral re outweg t advantage .
Thereore , I do no subscbe to this decision .
Limiting cars on te roads would cse the disappearing of poo .
T fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warmig .
Global wrmng is a serious ssue , higer temperatures mae te c caps melt .
The onger we burry our heads in sad , e waer the Erth wl be .
I larn English to impro the geral quality of my senteces !
I do n't blive in it , especiall whi cars e no ying .
Even if it il hve happened thee are many people who ca n't et a r , ecause it is o exspensive , not only for buying but fr ful , servce ad so fort .
Buses are more simple - u just buy a ticket .
nd what abou trains ?
I saw tv abu train in apan - that is he ftue of publ transport .
I nt to see blue ky n no steam of cars like it wa in te film " T Fft Elment "
randn Mackie
Parliament House
Cambea AT 259
T 26th of March 2015
Cie xecutive Offier
Carlo Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dr Carlos
Your order 6 ai conditioning is incomplete , we apoogze for h inconvenience .
We have conscien of this mistke , we ha a confusion of the uber of air conditioning before he telephone conversatin wh your secretary to confirm yor purhase .
Becase yor ordr was confirmed at t late an I ta the rder wa n't in advance we only could sed 5 piees .
Sinc h units wee old in inventory u your purchase idicaes tat 6 pieces wre confird , do nt worry aut it , we wil sn u h rmaining unit as so as possibe .
We hope u ke preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon acke
My name is ew .
I'm 25 ars ld n I 'm co rom Malayi . I'm an energec , cheerful , hrdworking n a considerable peson .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are tkig ae by me all th tie he parents are by with hir work .
During my shol , I like to py volleball an i 'm an excelen plyr .
We usd to organise comettions n tournaments with otes school .
Tis is my fvourte sport .
During my leisure tim , I lik to help my parents in the ichen .
We co varties of food and diss .
I enjoy th dirty and oily and in the kitchen .
Wih reference to t abve , I ill like to apply te Summer am job wit my full ommitment .
Contemporary Ar is a very controversial issue owadys .
There e my sources and creators , as el as themes .
It is wel known that ay rt curators and Artists believes hat Contmporary Art is no a god sour of at , snc there are many rists that only create based in thei easy ideas of an aesthetic mae or a philsophical ea , but mos of the times this is ninteligible .
Luckil the most xpensive art still being the o , lie Picaso or red .
Nowadays a t of emty art pieces r beig sod at auctions around the world , for extraordinary hg prie .
Experimenl t hs taken h orld of art by surprise .
Humanity hs reached a evel of fferences at it wuld be ot osible to to .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of infrmation available at any given tme .
With this stated , we now have an de of how artists creae .
e ports days were held on Ka Chung Spots Grund in 12th and 13 th Nvembe .
That weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived the sport round at 7:40 a.m. Tis year I 've joi te 100-etre race .
On the irst da before the sors day bein , we have the opening ceremony .
h atletic representative pasted the torc and we ag e anhem .
Ater tht , he pots day bga formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , t girl 's grade C 0-etre ra started .
Thee ws a fny thin we I went to the marsh .
The tcher call my name r twce and he ld me to stnd different place .
So I know ha there was someone whose name pronounc same as me .
Near t rce , I a ery ervous .
When I as running , I heard my housemats heering and the wind passing my face .
Tht fl was very comfortable and ade me flt relax .
At last , I got number 10 o of 27 peop .
Although it is ot a great sult , I 've alredy try my best .
At at of te a , o schoo announced the ma the our huses ave got .
My house wch got number two temporarily .
I fel hopful and wantd my house wi ge the champion .
On the seond ay , my lassmates cald me to take ar th Inter - clas relay rae .
I felt ry afrid ecause I was not good at running .
Finally , o cas got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 sonds is the irst of e rce .
I implicated my class from winin te champion .
At st , my house o h second runnr up .
I hope my ouse wil e e chamin in the next yar .
" There is no fuue for pubc transport , becue trelling by a is so uc more convenient " .
In my opinion , th affirmation is not correct .
We hold used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of as in the world that pollute an unfortunately we ar harming h eviroment d h wrld .
It is t best tht all ople go to the pla wlkin o running on the othr hand it is more helhy .
Thr is nothing ron with it go to te place in a ar , obviously , it is fatr than a bus and cheae but no always .
I hik it is rue tht tavelling by car is so much more convenint u I disare that there is no future fo public transport .
Is is comonly - debte tat touris has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , u of e whl world along .
Whethere tourism as had a posiiv or a negative impact oe o lies , it remas quite a dilemma or t ignorants .
First of a , ouism is a ool that enables people to travel al roun h worl .
Alongside with its deelopment , he ablty of ravalling ha easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute om one country to anoter .
The existne of multinaionals is tightl cnnectd to the ea of tourism , as well as with e id of glbalisaton , ince a travellr is ot oly a citin of his own country b a global tizen .
Secondly , tourism , esecially in developed countrie , s plaed an iportan part in their going fo an econmic oin of vw .
Tre ar countries , sch as Greee or Bulgaria , in wich th econmoy rels mrely on tourism .
If tourism influenes the eonmy , it threy iflunce e environment , ad if it influences the environment it nflunces the transport . Hw?people become more careful at their historcal site , this wy preservg em;Trasort is devloped both at a mal and a large scae :
At a small scal , in itis , in a w which will allow itizens d tourists alike to reach important places more efficentl .
At a large cale , people can now rvel in almost any ossile ay : on land , on s or ai .
Through e devlopment of ouism ee born cises and rai vcation .
ne pon a ie her was a tiger w lis in a beautiful ladscape with her bofrind and her 3 daughter .
e tiger was t mom nams manda of 25 ear l , the erdrs ll r parents , bcaus the herders wer or and do n't hae enough fo to survive , so they kil them .
The tigr 's boyfried s a io ames Jh of 27 yers old , hi d i because in a conflict with other nimals , he gt an infection .
Her o die ecase some things or soeone dra her of t l and drop it in a cave were other animals at r .
They die when John was too lttle to remember nd he eer ow hat hapend so he went to all h parts for sw he even he waked nd walked en at evese t he nve found them .
The 3 daughters where so different each ter .
Th fist oe names Amnda junior like her m b h is a heetah .he ha 9 ears o she loves to run an se is the fastest of the family a have a lot of sts .
She is of the ones ha tend to make soething enforcing .
The second daghter ames Elizabeth is a leopard is the intellgent of he amil n h oldest of te daughters .
Had 12 years old .
Another imals give hm rears or bou becuse she iscoer tht water a quid .
T last daughter was A ho s the yongst of te family is a jaguar .
h sa sleeng in e be an oin nothig all y .
The parets wee angry because she was th only on that ver work .
ne hy animals went ih Ana a give her an incentie for beg an athlete or make somehig lse than stay sleeping .
e end .
Hlo fried ,
I kno u are searcig for a fat to li f the whol nt yr .
Maybe I foud soethng o you : when I were on th bus returning to home I read a jurna with some advertisments .
There is a ce fl ea my hm : it is perfect to someone who want to liv hee fo only an ear .
There are a ltte kitchen , a rea bedroom , a bathroom ith show but wthot bah a a cool living - rom .
I thi tat ou hae to bring with u wintr cltes because here hee is a realy co wther !
Write me son
Alessia
Hlo Riley , abou h question yu ae me in yu letter , it as been hard to give ou an answer because I know w much you ove bh .
Last night I mde a deiion .
I tik that o should give up from yr music clsses .
o have clase sine you wre in yars d n you already know how to ply piano , so I think that u shoud continue doing sort because it is importan f your health and in your re times yo could still play pin wihout gng to th classes .
Thi is my opiio but the decision is your , so hen ou decde it please send me a letter eling me abut it .
Le , Ines .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years d n i'l think i'l would compliment the ummer cm vr good , bcaue of my good mane an vr oen f the kid so they c open up and sak .
My currnt jb is to be a nurse at te loal hospital a i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if th kids is oig to hurt theselves , then i'l can ix them up stead of taking them to the hospia fo smll things like ruiss nd smale injuries .
he most exciting day of my life was h 3rd of June , last year .
I a an exm .
That day I woke up eary because I was nervous .
Thn I reve Mts as at hoe , beoe to go at school , as at schoo , befre to begin te exam .
hn I started to read the tracks I ell agitae and I thougt that I ws n't ble to fish an pass that te .
But he I finished before the ie I w hppy d relaxed .
I always said that I psed that test and I as ur of that .
nd this is tue .
I passed that ts !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjyed eaing from you .
Congratulations our sster or yu prize .
I would ie to go to a ew artist roll comptition , athough in my ty there ae n't a l of compettions of this kind If I 'd ha a posblity of gin , I 'd already spend the tiets .
My favourite spor
When I w three yer od , my paent wet kiin with me .
At t eginn I went to the childgarden n they taugt me skiing .
It w a t of f , because I could nt it .
At twelve o'clock in te daytime my rents took me wh thm and we drove ogether .
My father ok me between is knies , becaus I cod drive without falling and it ws u .
When I w odr , I could et beer my drm ws:"SNWBOARDING " , but I should earn kiing perfectly like my arens .
Lter wn I was 16 year o , my dream get true .
I ha my fst snowborlesson und I loved it .
I took every fee nute to drive snowboard .
Tha w e stry hy I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowoaring , ecause y el fre en you are driving ow h piste .
ou are ie a bird .
It is he best eeling in the rld .
ou e ey happy und sometes I sng a song an te word is peret .
Tat is everything I wan to hae n i 'm lcy .
Tt 's why I like the winter mo tan te summer .
Snowboardin or skng is the bet sport for everyone wh wt to come to the thoughts .
lthoug ou are all h time in the natue an wen u have luck ou cn s animals .
It had bee a very long ad tiring day , but To fl he had achieved something really god .
Yeseray , he ws on h way to om a it was gettin dar .
is paren we woied n called he a couple of times .
He started walkin vry quickly
Eerythig was da .
She open r eyes and he irst thing ht e aw was the blk sy .
A dark sky without stars .
e got up and loo around .
e a in a part of the wos where she used to go to think and elax .
She started to take cnciousness lthogh sh coul n't reember hw s arive there .
Se ha to al at last 15 minte to go from her houe to this pac .
e roblem is h lat thing she rmember is that h has been sleping and he suddnly woke up whe th window pned with h wd .
She fl lep again , didn't she ?
If she d , o she managed to walk untl tee in er sleep ?
If se wa n't awake , why s could n't remember anything afer tat ?
Ti situation it a really fustrting nt to mentn tht o she had to wal r lmos 20 mines to e me and bk to slep .
S sarted to wa to cler her mid .
She kows hr way even in t dark ; sh had oe to this spot a lot of ie , specially the lst few wes .
The development of human ind in technology is seen everywhere .
In cs of ransportation tehnology , in hs twenty fit century we have varis option lk Plan that a fly ih he coud , train that fast d i enough that ary hundreds of pepl and trel undreds of le an hur and oa that mch igger n faster than ancient time .
Athouh compard to ancient time we ae lucky nogh that we hav all tee opton .
However , if I have given option to coose beteen al of three , I il sy plane .
There are three reason to choe his .
First reson is its sped , compare to both oer means of transportation it n trvl faste .
It an ravl thousand of mis in a couple of hors .
As a result people an save their tim .
Second is safet , compare to oter the chances of accident is less .
That mkes it safer to travel by plane rather ta the train or boat .
Third n is omfort level .
Plan is much ore mo cmfortable than both trin and boat .
In onclusion , I wl say that la wi be my first choice in al of three mean of transportation .
The reaon hind my chce is speed , safety and comfort lve tat ake plan as my fit choice .
Everyone should take a ya off betwee leaving scool and sartin college or universy , to rn ney or trvel , it wud be he bes awd for a student wh attended the high schol .
The yug people want to dscover the wrd an travelling to ach place which would be unreachable otherwise
I ad a wonderful dy yesterday because I was in the bech all the afterno .
I wn with my parts n my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
The a a t of pople in the bech .
The water wa vry ld and I cul n't swim , then I played fotball in he sand of te beac .
I tok the su a very ng me a hen I go to a cae an and I dan a rfreshmet .
It w a nc a because I spen a god im with my family .
No fuur or a public tansptr ? is thi clim or no ?
will we see on u roads the puli transpot afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is relly so interesing quetion/
i think that it all depands from e development .
w we can ee hat mre and or peopl prfer travelling by cr .
y , i gee , if you pane h tavlling for a long distation and for a lon tme you would prefer to do it on car , couse firtl yo;ll spe ls time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a posibility to stop every where n for a long time , as you need .
ut if we re talking abot traveling acos you city , would you prfer pulic transpo or car ?
i think tha his is e guestion for evey one , an th anwer ca n't be one for al , aus , someone an use pbli transpt , n ecnoy by thi nt only money , but and the envionmen , ut so people do n't like to e p.t . , cause they sed more tm for raveling or thy smple do n't lik to travell with anther pople .
so , on my opiio , even afte 10 ers the publc transport will be crossng on or street with eogh amoun of pasngers
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for yo email .
My na is ohamed an I am 28 years old mle from the kingd of Barain .
I go to GYM ad u on a dail sis to kep in shae and good elth .
Looking forward to kow more about yu .
my ilage is the pae where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted n lid for lf .
In oder to atan is goal I have to ae step and actions to potct the environment as folos :
no smoking in the public paces .
increasing th number of tie and ants ad punis h persn h cuts them .
esalishing the factories outid of e village .
proet the water sources an te sea .
guide th eople and gving them of infmation , details and guidelines about he pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite resaurnt its name is " Lemon " I go there evry ek it has different food from a restaurant I 'd like chicken crspy ih garlic sauce It 's Exelent choie or me nd My favorite appitizer is ssage nd in der that deset I 'd raher " Vadge " cake it chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease wen I go tere I enjoy clssical msc over having a lunch abot he service It 's very good and al saf are respectable I ca n't imagine o ee wtout going there tat dves me nut I advise a one to go there and eoy a ime tere , also this restarant s a relative advantage in hygene really It 's excellent This strikingy thin r nyone depit al of these advantas prices ar not expensive .
Volleyball in n of the most difficlt sport in the world , you should put your dy in t coret form to trow the al to the the sie in th gme .
I be tlve yes pratice volleyball and becuse of it I ne lot of people who hl me to rw up in the spor nd life .
When I was 10 I be choe to play wih a group of grls older than me , they wr oods , n I ca n't bleve the eperienc .
Volleyball ts my faorte port because wen I am th my team playing I were in anoher ord , in whih I c be free an happy , part of ti , when I am bd , hi is a distaion of the unvesity .
You should t practice i so fuy , but I advertie y , is not easy at fir , bt you hae to intent many ies ike o shuld do in ie .
In weekys , I et o from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my wok which srtst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually lay ideos games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am o a bi fa of sport so I do not ay any .
However I soetimes do a skipping to fit mysel .
Michael wake up at te ornig and he ea he newspaper .
He read in th newsaper an interestng notcie .
Th nocie was abo a competition .
The coetition is abut write tores .
Michael as excited becue he is gra write and he decided to ompte .
irt , he fund an da fo he story nd he dided to make te story abo pirates looking for treasure .
He ean to rit .
e stry s very goo but Michae di nt nw w to end the try .
Finlly , Michael eed the stor d he went to he pt office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed t door and knew at that moment he ha made a mistake , he did n't t his nme and dress .
Yes , i thi TV cn entertain an educte , because thee r many comedy .
Also hre a a lots of educate channels .
I think historical chaels are ve inerestin , becae you an lar ne thin about past .
omedie ae so funny , so wen you are sad u n watch ne of the .
Thr are man disussions about the fuure of t pubic transport .
Different experts had talked bout thi question and thre are so sveral opinions .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortaly an for thi reaon , sme people usualy prefer to use their ars .
Public transport ually is restrected wh the timetables and you only ma u e transport in e moment tha the timeale let ou .
o this wy , many people do n't lke to use t public transport ecase tey want to move theselve when thy need .
By h othr an , public trasort is beter for the environment , because e pollution is lesser han using yu w car .
Final , in th future , the commodity of peope maybe is going to determinate the most use of h cars thn th ublic trasport .
Suan is a little dragon .
Her si is colored red n green , red dots ontop of he gren to be more pecise .
She does that vry day atr scool .
Of ours , h has ls a ttle brother .
His sin is colored red , just like e fathr .
Da au !
I haven't writtn ou for es t I was ver bus eause of h exams at he Unersity .
at bou you?What 's w in Brazil?As you know , my friend John sed me to help i with h rganizaion at the conert , which s performed last oth .
So I wa there something ie staff .
My wrk consisted of making press advertsing , providin all ticet , food for usicians and things like tha .
I got two fre V.I.P tickets , so I too my girfiend n we wre hee toethe .
When the concert finised , we went to cloakroom to get sgnatures from musicians .
I felt like a str!Croded of pele wre waiting in ront of the coakroo fr the signatures , bt ny me and my sweety girlfriend gt the .
People were so envou ... I iked it!It ws antastc experience .
Next ime I would lik to do somethig simlar and u should tr it as wl . You wi earn nce oney and ou hv cultural experience .
It 's a al eect !
pe to see y oo
Joh
The adveising is eversite .
There re dds in TV , radio , bus , strets ...
In spite of tis rage of media , the TV continues eing te mst iporant means of omunication .
A l of people hnk tha tere e too many ads on tlevisio bt , is like that ?
On one and , it 's true that one proramm or series whc we see , has a lo of mentions to products or servics .
There can be people tire of so much advertisn contnt u ths is completey necessay .
There e a lot of oducts wch ve to be anounced ad a lot of messages to report to pepe .
he TV is th ot acesible wy of ommunicaton and ople an see he message on this y .
In addition , beind oe dd there are a ot of hings : one inusry .
In one ad there a , for example , he pubicst 's wr , the companies invstment , future ses , th produ or sevice 's life ...
To um up , there re a lot of adds in TV but the ae necessary nd beefcial for everyne .
My favourite saon of the ear is ummr .
Why am I akng this choice you clearly n s , I love n and god weather .
Yes it is te tat durig summe the tmperature is very o and u cn rarly stay near the sun ecause you finih t be burn by the sun .
In spite of his , summer is a vr good moent to ejoy littl thing life gives us and hav fun wit them .
Dung summer I love to go to the bch and hvig sunbathing th my riends ter than getting fun wt them playin volleyball or run inside e wat of the s !
I tin thse activities ae very regenerating ad te make y orgt abt l te wrmnes of summer .
urtherore ou a sleep mo than the ote days of the er and ths ke you feel relaxed .
I really lik to expore nature during summer too .
The wonderful color of flowers ih the sunshine re fabulous .
ar UA UMER CAMP ,
I saw your advertisent in the USA and I 'm very interested in th position of childminder you ae dvertising .
I 'm ighteen years old nd I 'm doing a langages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's w I need to work in order to pay my e .
I ve sme eperence working wth cildren fo l age , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also I 've jut t my FC certificate his year but it wud help me a lot if I prctised my Englih in a nativ ounry .
I consider myself real actv , sociae , wel - orgaized and abov all patient , therfore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I c adapt msel easily at ny id of situation or nvironment , especially workig oerseas pls it would be a ice experience because I oul met ew pple and a differnt clure .
I 'm looking forward to earng from u soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It ha en a ve lg d tiring ay , but om felt he had achieved someing rely goo .
He finally , afer 5 yers , won swimmng competition .
It was really impotatn for i because he was taining fo 5 long years since he s 15 a he haen't gt any achivments .
He was ry hap and he decided to celebrate .
He ivied all h friends from tea and made a aty .
om wted el , his girlfrie , to om o .
She a really pou of him .
She was dreming about being his ie .
She nted to be his if so bad .
But he did n't love r eough .
He wanted to break up with e at that paty .
He as waitig 2 hours r er .
He hat th sh is alws la .
That ws the main reaon he wated to n it up .
Whn Mel am he looked gorgeous .
And when he aw e , his eat started to eating fster and faster .
But tm 's up .
He gt closer to h and told hr verything .
Mel loked adly at Tm , te said : " I 'm prgnant ... " and go ou of is ome .
He followed and apoligied r .
He sa he as drunk and did n't know what he was sayng .
Te he hugged her .
He said he loved her a kissed her foehea .
He hd to say ih er becus of ... the baby .
He could n't jut leae her carrying his aby !
No ! He a never actd like tis .
He knew ta he ha to sta wit her the rt of is life a raise h baby .
He decided to give swimming up and starte to taking care of Ml .
One day Mel as feeling eally ad so Tm tk her to the hoital .
He flt that somehing ba a oing to happen .
And he was ght .
Mel hs lt the bab .
To had to make a hard eciion .
s life was ging to chan .
Me s cryin a y and Tom could n't stand it .
He has broen up ith Mel and it made r much moe sa .
He did n't care .
He hought it as e ault tat she hs ls teir little human .
Gliding in he waves
Even if I am nt a er interestd in training , th sprt I raly prefer to practice is swimming .
Te sensation of bein embraced by the wae , eling th body quite wthot weig , able to do a lot of movement that ar ipossible while in the i , is a onderful state of mind .
I stated to practice swmming in ol becaue I was n't able to swim at l , and I wanted to ler .
I hv been takin lessons fo six mnths , so I improved so uh my abilities .
If y e o a good swimmer , ou ose e i part of pleaure of enjoying the water , both in the s or in pool .
Practie swimming is qute had wrk , especill if o need to learn e asi movements , b it is a vry relxng ctiviy .
I recommend tha yo do n't he to iv up befoe trig , because is airly simpe an it can gives a t of satisfactio !
ou efforts will be prized by suceding , an you can obtain it with practice .
·Introducti
hs report ll examie he different ativities we an do in r leisure tim in stelldefels .
·Activities to kil tm
As ur wn is el - knwn fr o magnificul eaches aong th Mediterranean coast and for te Olympic Canal of Castlldefels , mny reign or local eple ome her to do activities like kitesurfing n windsurfng on te bh or canoening and aquatic skiing on the lympic Canal .
hee ctivties are th most popular n the mos expensive too .
Howeve , I fully recommend tem , especially for sort , dventurou and oung peop .
·Ohes ides to hv fun
In Castelldefels , ter ar other activities ss popular , bt chapr , r insnce : free umb msterclass , yoga beah , unning ... as sports ctivities , and as socia activitis thr ae library group , thatr ...
As I said , these actiiies are not as poular as te activities of he Olmic Cnal n he beach , u hir success is increasing ore and more .
·Recommendation
So , fnlly I suggest at it would be a great da to combine th different types of activties , bot opulr ad he newest .
If y trid a the activtis , you would spend a great ime here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Ja ,
w are yu ? .
I s glad to har frm y .
I 'm writing to tell you the bet way to arrive at Salou .
o will come to te Reus irport , right ? .
Wll , the airport is located ju outside es , it 's sall but it has a t of servicies and transpor .
You hav to take a us because it is moe ecoomical than take a taxi .
Th bus tps at he Sau bs staio .
Whe ou get off e bu y should k someone for the Spring Street .
It 's near ther .
Yu an walk to my house .
Moreover I send you a ma in ordr to locate t street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to viit ueums , monuments and gon to lubing with yu .
I 'm lookng forward to hearing from you on .
Best Regads ,
Mary
Dr Segi García A ,
My am is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enginee of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " ntituto Profesinal Virgio Góz " .
I am particularly interested and I am competen to ply r he post of Chef of operations at the new underground project iquicamata .
In irs pae , my qualite n profssional sills sem to it he requirents of yu Company .
On the othe hand , I hae the theortcal knowled to use e he tecnologes thi great project euires .
I am also ae to lead e oeraions of the project responsibly and troug a team wr to achiee the objective and to continue th he prestige that your company as .
My wor experience is ry ustanding u to I had t privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teninte " as shif aager , Chief of operatios at " Minera Adina " nd at e evlution department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your tme and consderation .
It wol be a plasure to discuss personally why I am qualified or this positio .
I expct a romp response of the Compa .
Without furth ado , I reman ors .
ullermo Sedill Tórrez
Nowaays there are mn eope ht ae learnng foreg language , for me is a good tng hat me people learn is , but is it worth learnig a foreign lnuage ?
Firstly , there are mr mulinational companies tha ne pople to speak othe languages , so that eans ha t people wo know to spa foreign language ae more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or wil hav ore chncs of being romoted .
On th other ad , r more eneits , or exaple , if you ant to rael to another a country is very useful to ko a different langue , becus yo can unerstad l without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives h lernr the ability to step insde t in and cntext of tha other clture .
Today globalition is bringing the wrl moe cls , tha mes tha there ae more possibiliies to have contact th the other cultures , for example in literature , poery , flms , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , earning oreign langags is vr positive on different spect , so if o ave t positivity of learning a ne anguge do it , because it wi bing yo many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAIT
Juio Camarilo
Montano avenue nº2
Pos Code 10237 Cáees
Augu , 23r 21
Dar i / Mam ,
I am wrtng to complain out a recent package I received on Mond las week .
I oreed two batteries mol 002545 ecaus my mobile eed thi kid of bttery , bu I have only receiv one bttery model 0212 .
O mnth ago I rdered two batteries model 02545 on your online website .
I have a obile mol Nokia 24 which nee bateris model 002545 .
T delivery w wog , so ow I am a hug hur because I need my mobile to wor every day .
If I have not moil I will not be able to wo .
To resolve the problem I would like to receive e batteries by press pos .
T delvry ror ha been made by yours , so his ti , It soud be sent th fre delivery .
If I do not er fm you ithin t et to as , I shall be fced to contact my solicitor .
Yo can only conta me by email bcuse my mole sll doe o work .
I hope to hea from you soon ad having my batteries as quickly as psible in my home .
Yours faithfuly ,
Jli Camarillo
he a of this report is to evlute both d efects and god effcts from t usrs'opinons in te Active Leisure ub in t as time .
Fist , people in this area have acually fou a suitable place to enoy their time troug a wide rane of activities , games which ae held creativel n effectivly n hve be suitabl o different ag .
Bsids , it a enough moder ailities to seve h usrs in the peak ours an te gider re eerywher d edy give a help .
Howver , nl one tng tha we disike
With e purpose to ctrac mre peole to join in th cub , besises its good points , I will highly recomnd tht te shuld arange he time suitably and avo they hold the acivities to vid he problems
Given is a diagram introucng te prcedues of makng bank nots .
Desgin the bak notes r the firs and indispensable te .
Peple should decde te bckgroun olor and thw rtork hie they have to consider the security issues .
he , skilld machniss would prepare e mel plates in order to go to e nex step .
The hird sectn is to prin e prpared bank nots .
Usualy there wll be 50 bn nte pe see .
he coor wil prin on the both sis and every ntes as their uniu k also the images will be slihtly raised .
Ater that , it comes to th mst significant stage , that is inspect t qulity of the printed sheets .
People uualy divided he quality io thre parts : Good quity , Partially damaged , and d sheets .
As o good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but stil good , people il ut them separately and ck them together in order to dipacting and distributing e bank ntes .
If te partially damaged sheets are bad , the will be reated as b shees , which wil be securl distoryed .
In conclusion , the diagram ives a quite epliit process of making bank notes .
Eventough it seems to be easy to make tem , ut every tes needs people to be very careful in ordr to produce h perfect ak notes fo everyoe .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beiings
Everything began a e years efoe , we Afred , Th Maj , ra an aticl about te impotance of the surounings in ealth and happinness of eople .
He tartd to tik how he could et btter our lives and he found a solution .
A concerne population
While youngsters use thei time ying to ge concned the ldest peple fm de village abot th imporance of he care of our surroundings , idle - ag people plated many tees arund e illag and cleane the floor of ou publi placs making a more attractive place to ve th we ue to hav .
Esy ecycling
Loa authorities hlped this inititiv creating some laces fo people to leave heir rbish in order to be takn to te recycln center wh h urpse of giving a new life to our waste .
The results
As a result of his attide , since Alfre ad this great idea , we enjoy e of the cleanest villages in th area .
People now is worried abut the future of our plant and an assocatio has been rated in order to promote the care of ou plaet , Green Pant is called .
We want a hppy Erh .
elo is Blanco ,
I 'm wring o abot the sff recruitment for e " N Cod Generation " project .
So we need or el with some qustions bou t process .
For yor nfrmation , we are lookig for people wi hre years of experience in similar projects , who a engineers and also have a high team work sill .
We al value tat they have specialised stdes in lou technoogy , and hosting mnagement .
However it 's possible that we do n't fd enough people wth that profl so , we could acept people with one year of experience .
Is it ossibe to do the meetin this week ?
Whn and where do o peer ? ( Remember that I work fr 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I sugge we can do the meing at yor office , so yo do n't ae to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare ome profiles that you think the staff of e Cou Genraton sould ave , n please tell me if you in another differe equest ha I tell you before in th e - mil .
Peae , answer me with te informatio as oo as posible .
Íñio Oda .
er au ,
hat 's up ?
Do u rmeber whn I ld you I d ben helped at a concert ?
It s really xcitng and unforgettable expeience and I enjoy ha vry muh .
ou prbaly wo n't beliee me but I met all mebrs of Dżem ban , I tlked to them and we ad lunch togther , te 're ery nice mn . Because of helping them I had h best plae during the concert an I hv the uthogaphs on te nwet rcord . I did n't have many utes a one of hem re unpleasant .
In genera I had oy oe duty at is chckig quest list , abve that I had to help in cleaning ea after e concert .
But ta concert s orth of my work , so I hope I wll be invited to their next event .
Worig fo hm was a ral pleasure .
I suppos we 'll s eac other oon and I 'll be capabl of taing to yu about this xperince .
Love ,
Dominia
Report :
The im of this report is to gv y my personal point of vie of the crse I di in ur brah in Madrid lt month .
In aditio , I would lie to iv you sm sggestions I think it old be wort it to ak it into account for t net curse it il ta place nt year .
rst , I would like to stn out the outstanding classates the were in cas .
ey were not only really lever eopl bu also excelent co - workers .
Wokig colaboratively is , in fact , the ot interesting way of learning any subect ve nglish .
Second , he teachers were really god skills to tec .
hy managed to encourag all of us every a .
Ts way we md the mos of us ad never gave up improving our English lvl .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in hady .
hey held me to pronone words bette than efre starti the course .
However , in my opnion there hold ha ben at lest one naie techer in h teacher 's tam .
This way we ha been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have ee orh practising .
To wra up the epot just y that on th whole th course s fantasi and I am looin forrd to signing it gai next year .
Your scerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am ken on cinma th I love to watch l types of fs .
Bu , wht ils are in my Top 100 list ?
In my piion , Bbel is a fascinaig film it a dramatic and thrilling storyline tha is a top 100 best ovies .
I real enjoy it becase t lt is origial and it shows ifferent lf stories of movig charaters .
In adiion , I hink hat h stting are very realisti ad the actos had a great performance .
Thereor , I recommend ht dama genre lovs watch Bbel as its message will mov you .
It reveals that o feelns cross h boundaries of all cultures and we e conectd to each otr .
My name is Mohamed El - Shaoun .
I am 20 ars old , living in Port - Sid , Egypt .
I am a student in h rd year of the faculty of meicine Pr - aid University .
My ater works as a teacher and so does my moher .
I ave on rothr and e sister .
I hve been doing do for the pt 11 years it a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are traveling , readig tories and riting my hughts .
I am nteresed in scientific research and analzing infomaton so I am taking a t of courses an training in ti field as I wnt to be one of t geatest rsearcher in the world in addition to becoing a memr in World Helth Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to mke hi drea coe true .
Last two yar , I wrked in many plas such as a pharmacy , a resturat and te water puriication company .
I beleve tt wok is everything and experiene can mae miacles in ou ife so I hoe this prgra as I want to learn d study , I want to know more n more .
In my childood , my dra a to become an enginer b when I changed my carer to micine , I reaized tat Alh cse e best for me and r my personality .
Whn I work anythin I feel that I ae th world in my hnd so I can do nyting for eope .
Oe of my goal in th life is to inent an effctive drug fr ne h incurbl lke cancer , AIDS a hepatitis .
I aked mself many tms what is t aim of r life ?
A wht re the benefts of wk a stud ?
But if you se your world and realize it ell , it il be deserv from everyon to wok so hard a achieve tir hoe .
I learnt from Reserch that yo can do everyting in antme in additin a little tired cn chge the le for h better .
I lie trveling and viitin new lace in my ountry and my dream is travelling to l th countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this pogam is a chance for experience whi will help nd inpire me for the comuniy services ad development my sociey as I hope to come back an teach thers what I lean .
I am writing wih reference to h ps of o as a camp monto that you requir in sumer .
I ha seen your vert this orning d I am really interested in it .
Altough I am a young girl , I think I am a quiaified pson or t ps .
I am a preschoo teacher and I have experience looking after hilen from 3 to twel yeras old . I consired yself quite paent and f th in my opinion , th ae two qualities highly necessary f ti kind of job .
I am good too at workng in a team .
I do ot lie to be or ee aloe , hs coul be one of my grea weakness .
I really love eing with pople a the tm .
I do not thn beig young wil be a problem .
Instead I eleve it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and ctive peson .
If ou rquire any further information , please do not estate to contat me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I wld be graefl if o cld give me an interview at your ealiet onvenience .
I woul be real apprciate it because I am looking fowar to tartng wor .
Is there a ftue fr Priately wnd cars ?
To be honet , I am not ue .
Althogh privately oned cars are moe n more opular , and thy are increasingly becoming a cmon ass even in develping countries , it is not like tht his men of ranport can be the means of transport of the fuur .
ost people toay realiz that in ou ities n in o planet there ia an increasing problem of space d pollution .
Carbon bse uels wl n las forever .
I would s that mt probably private ar re not " sustainables " in th log tm , d it will be ncessary to reet to sm st of pubc transport .
The opulation gowt forecast tls us that in e ex 35 yas the world ppuation will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
I kow that it is ie to eam a future of technological people flyng around , ah of them ih its w pivate sml helicopte .
Bu it is not ging to hppen .
I guess tht in ou futue thre re no helicopters , and no en cr .
Stes ad lcal authoritie will have to tackle the probe n provide te pubc with a bette alternative . T
he price fr indepndnt tasport will gro ramaticaly .
I reckon tha that will chnge he habit of th pblc .
Even though we wl have to read he timeale and to ear again to be on time , h nic old train cld become important again .
Imagne tis picture : te rst class of ti semester , students a yawnig a do not ay attntion on t teacher ; while t teache a o the answer , tudens cn not answer ecause they totally can not reember what they have studied in ls semester .
Students coul receive a etter , me eficient education if they spend 11 months a yar stuing partly because of ater th ln vacation , stuent wll o remembe the knwedge they have learned , partly cause of ong vcation wil l students used to av fun insead of stud , and partl ecause of some difcult coures hold be cntinually studying .
Therefore , I gee with e statemen th stdent could receive a bete , moe eficient eucatio if thy spend 11 mots a year studying .
More reasons and detil will be shed liht on in the followin paragraphs .
To bgi wh , ther is a geeral consensu , studes will forget te knowledge they ve learnd after a long rak time .
Fr examle , on histor clas , hisory taher have to repeat teching the history of oth America efore he tart to tea the history of South America in the beginnin of he semester .
It is ey wstin time d not efficient .
Nxt to go would be , students gt used to relax by having no stuy and homework in the log vacaion .
For exmple , when the semester start , stuens can not g way from the sunhin , beach , and travelling .
In the css , studens wil recall the joyfl time they had nsead paing attention on te teacr .
Las but not eas , so difficult cours should be continually studyng rather than having long a break ti .
Fo instance , learning Englih should be a aily educion , if you have a long ie without learning Engih , you old forget the ocabulary or e grammar .
In a nutshel , baed on aforementioned , I totally I gre with the statement hat studens col receive a better , moe effcient educato if they spnd 11 monts a year studying .
My favourite sport is e soccr .
I njoy this spor ice I was a child , I alway remember we my father and my brother each me to play it .
My father ws a pofessional soccer plae so I think that I inherited hi love fo te occer .
I played sccr in dferent eas in my neighbohood , schol or university .
I alwas enjy playing soccer bcause when I am in the playing ield I forget all problems .
I le to pea wit my team atners .
Together we aalyz the rival team and we choo a srategy to win the mat .
he I play bad I fel ervous but my parters give me their uncoditional supor .
that is picelss .
I know e health is very iportan so if you practise ths sprt the is a big pobability ht you are healthy .
So if you are starin this spo you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't ike it ter are many opios to practie whatever prts .
The soccer is ot a violent sort u sometimes it bemes .
In this way you hav to be repared r anything rolem .
Finally I advise hat you eno playing hi awesm prt .
On my vacation I went to ew York .
I als ent to h amazing Niagara Falls .
Something tat made me happy s to se my family .
On septembr 2t,20 I went to New Yo city .
In th fly I s very happy bcause I received a t of food .
The flight was approximatly five hours where I watc beatifu movies .
When I arrived my ncl was aiing or me and I gave him a bg ug .
We went to lng island becaue her he lives .
He have a eally ic house a I was hapy to see my litte cousin " Angel " o oks jst like me .
In New Yo I eat so muc , I as went to te city thay never slps , anhttan .
My uncle ha e awesome idea of going to Niagara Fals .
We wt in car and it wa about 8 hours lng .
Finally we arrived to Nagara Flls iy tha looks like a got plce .
It do not have too much to do bt tere ee the falls .
I as aaed of hw huge were te falls .
They were iredible mazin and eautiful .
I take to much photos bause you do nt vii places lie ht everyday .
Something tat made me vry happy as to visit my famly .
My uncle Ju lies in nted tats of Aerca and I as very to hug him becaus I miss h a l .
My cousn Angel was very appy to s me and me t , we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of resents eause he y they do ot see me frecetly and mn ohe part of my famly .
In conclusion I hav a perfct vacation where I saw new things , visit aweso plces as iagara Falls and Time quar , recieving a ot of presents d soecialy a a ot delicous food .
Most atteing students to Universities are o of e cit were tey sd to lve , so , hy need an accommoaton to live throh their study ers .
Mst universities provie cheap accomdations such as , sred oms nd dormitories to thr studes to lwe the living costs , whe most students hve ow income .
Oth students wo may hae faml financial suppor prefer to hie an apartments to live indepdently
Shring houses or rooms hv many avanages su as , chap , safe , clo to the university , d lern how to sae verythig with ohrs . sving mney d tim wi be mr Obvious in university dormitories beause monthly payent will be les han four tmes than hiring an apartnt , and because it will be closer to te university , saving mne d time is more efficient by reducing ransportation 's costs
In pite all these benefits , I prefer- if I a - to lve in an aartment hee the personality is very important or me .
Man year g , I shared a frnd in a om for e months dung a course outside my ountry , thse days wer I worst durng my li , he was dirty , speaking loudly l ime a did not share t budet of eating . living lone ll grn me the frdom to live by t wy ta I choose ad still frindly th al the thers withut exee the privacy of my fries . this tter il not achied wh living in shared rooms .
he annoying me
Although The edral govenment ich is decided as a role of USA has any benefits according to eading passag , the lecturer belevs ha tere is no perfect goverent .
The powerful of the feeraism whc a more librt fr e states to hve thir own polics according to their need , is n always good or th lecture her it a crate sme conflicts betwen t sats .
An eample of that is the mariag of homosexual wer som stat admt thi arriae , others do n't .
Alo , the reading ssage eclares ha even the edral overnment let ch sta function idependently , it still control on the ain deision .
this cae caus some probems where the lturer mentioned he failure of fedra goverment to sop illegal immigration to UA throug Nevaa desert .
also t control of the fderl govenment is te reason hy ach of the stat and the feeral blae each other in t incrae of he unemployment in some sates
In conclusion , fdera gvernmnt which give freedom and porful , cause many problms such as no ingle policy an cnfusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country an be both xciting a frustrating at the same time .
I think that ny type of trp is xciting but lo ave thei frustrting oents .
In odr to enjoy trvelling to Mexico I wod gv wo imprtant advice ; first tr to et one with travel companion and enoy Mxican foo instead to critic about spicy sav .
People sy that in every voage the peope suffer to difeent ments of the trp : arrived , get awa to t frustration of an unnown place , get alone with yr trip compion , success as a travele a arrived hm triumphal .
In ode to ejoy a trp to Mexico I sggest tht te ravelr find a manner to get alne with his or her companion .
Ts minimal chance would make a big difference when y visit othr it .
As an exame , if ou ae ble to ge aloe ith yur travel cmpaion could enjoy each moment of the tri , xcange some pictures , ea together , an visit aces wit cmmo inters sc as musem or malls .
Otr adice that I woud give to people comng to Mexico is that njy for Mexican food .
Mexican od s a lot of tasting dihes from diferent stats of t counr .
For exampe , ther are a o of American peopl tat des n't like spc oo and also mot of the tie could get anr with the excess of pepper that he Mexan people used to s to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ak or sauces with lower peppe .
In hs way the visitors oud be able to enjoy Mexican fo with ls pepper and e same deicios vor ht is so characteristic of ur country .
In conclusion , I offerd two important advice for visitors that oing to my country : Ty to ge lone wth heir companion in orr to have fun and tr to enjoy xican foo because it is delicios !
Ate the Intrne was invented d revealed fis time in August 2th 1969 , Social Media ie ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovtion that has partly replace o fac to fac communication .
SMS ch as Facbook snd out 700.000 mssags , and 170.00 Tweets are publicized on Twitter ech 60 seconds .
Unsurprisigly , social consqueces of Facebok and Twitter lays an important role in communication , regaless of distance or ie .
However , people w use Facebook , Twitter or S in genral , r not liel to have their own personl privacy at her is a possiilit of cycle of buling .
This essay will rce on nefits a disadvantages of Fceboo and Twitter , nd so comments potential fuur of the implications .
Commnicating a be achieved , regardle of distance , thogh acebook nd Twite .
T bneit of being fm big coneted glally to Facebok and Twitter is that messages ca be transmitted almos instanl to viewers .
rstly , Facebook and Twitter an be ed wn tir users a in an unpleasant md , and in whre hei native feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportuniy to remain in touch with dai activities ro freds , makig observations of relatinships , mantaining one 's n eeling within the network ( throuh wall posts , pkes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quin , & Kowert , 013 ) .
Tat is to s , human behaviour on Facebok e interacted we with others by sharig ther mood , and receivig responses .
hirdly , Facebook n be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge aout the members increass continually , d moreover , maintaining reations with other existing members , and also sharing their am interests by te sial network .
( merald Group Pulishing , 23 ) .
Finally , eople are allowed to follow nyone who thy find enjyable trugh Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebities , peole cn easl ee every daily actities which are posted by the .
However , ue to tis , peopl who are eng flowed , or users in general , may have le personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toard someon .
owevr , nforation which is apeared on Faceboo or Twitter e easi accessible , heefore everybody c easily response as a puic opinion .
Howver , informtion which is appeared on acbook or Twitter are easily accessible , herefore evybody can easily response as a publc pinon .
Mostly Facebook users expet their friend to respond or a ttentin on what he e doig .
In fact , aog wi agreeal and pleaant omment , there ae lo small amots of aggresie and een racis omment .
First of al , pople can post any racist comments whic target a pecfic group or person .
For example , fter t premier of The Hner Gme as released , a an posted an nset cist tweet that saying ta they were unhappy because n of th an actress a performed by Black person ( auch nd Schanz , 20 ) .
Because of the acessibl nformation through SMS , it h l to man problems involve wit cycle - bulyng , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking bhaviour ( Krishna , as cied in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For exaple , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reots a case of continuous diurbing a woma from a man called Mr .
X " aditted to a tte psychiatric hospital after being foud ot cmpetent to stand rial on chargs of stalking harassment , trepassin and teephone harasset " ( pp .
7.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Fcebok and Twitter , an S in general , ay rplace ac to fae cmmuniction ad imroe tir functions , beause peole fel mre freedo or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter thout he to iew each other ppearaces .
Therefore , it wuld be esier to be connected and kee in touch wih friends wthi a second , raher than av to cll them .
The pssibly outcomes might be the more time eopl ped on SMS , the less communicate ills that they ae .
In addition , to decrease th ri of negative comments or pos , Faceok d witter would iprove their futures to sole t less rsonal prvac proble .
For exaple , controlling what pots should be sent by adding or privacy otins .
However , despite t useful of these implications , pople shold y attento tat acebook d Twitter old affct teir social life by avoid sing it mos of the tie .
In cnclusion , the benefits fom usn Facebook d Ttter is tt people can communicate and being connected to their fieds frequently .
ls eple can easily redue their egatve mood by sharing and xpressng how thy fl .
In contrast , because Facebok d Twittr ve ben connected worldwide , whic mans protcing prsonl privacy is probably imposible .
Posbly , users might epres aggressive tward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photogaphy classes or eeryone
ntroduction
Teenagers e constanly infueced by social netwrs ike Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , e .
Photographs are included in all of those site .
so , this phenomenon of takig photograph is part of u daily lie , because it is the bs y to captu pecial moments lik birtdays , tavels , special oassions , etc .
As a new college suject
hi pctice is considered those tivities that anone a do without any kind of special peparation .
Howeer , teacing students how to pply better echniqus in the ment of takng a piture shold be cnsider as learning to draw .
Both slls ar ruired in toay 's wold and are neesary to be dveloped in h education syem at the same level .
The raons
Recent stues show ha in the ast twenty years moe than 3,0 photograph are taken per person in t orld , espcally in the laet generations lifes(teenagers and kids ) .
his ncease is reltd with e overwhelming develoment of technlogies in oputers , ameras , cellphnes , ec .
Also , potgraphy is considered as a pe of t , so it requres h knoledg of especal skills , techniques and knwldge .
ha a lovely eather toay !
What a wonerful day ! There is an Apr now and finaly sring cae .
A brght sn is shiing , e now elted away in March .
h first sprng birds came ck from the warm countries .
he are singing funny n bilding their nests .
People ook happier .
Ty a fling tired after a long sowy winter .
We set our clock forward ne ur in March .
Th summertime wa frt introduce in Englan in 198 .
The as become nger n he nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually et ou clock bak an ur in Octber .
A t of people are happy , because th ca sleep ( fr ) n hor ore .
Hockey as a ie style
Alhugh l spos help yo to hav a healthy lie , hocy provides you more than jus big heaty or fit .
What ar yo thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
o think that your ife style will improve ?
We you are mistaken .
F doig different kind of sports you ed to be skilled or willn to try e ting .
Wh if you do n't he none of those requirmnts ?
Th you know hckey is e aswner .
hocey is a ort I have playe r many yars and it ured ou to be my favort .
It 's a good w of learning how to communicate and wo wth peple . in impl wods ,
it 's a team sort .
However it 's no always as simpl as it sounds .
You have to train five day a wek and u need to concentrate a lo .
On the othr hand I enjoy eery second of it .
Through all my lfe I av bn wilig to improve in th sport and since 20 it h bame a ife style to me .
Why will I recommend thi to you ?
It wold definitel ep you to grow d improve as a perso .
Hockey wil cage t ay yu s the world and yu e oin to start sen it with other eys .
So stop searching for the right ort , ti n is o you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transprtatio is the est transport mei or environmental care .
In spite of om peop make enog one to buy heir own car , eletric and hybri as ae or expenive tha raditional ones ( the ones h se gas or desel ) so , people choose this ones n ha 's because polluton is sevra isue that we ha to eal with .
The environmental care is akng trengt eey y , fro kds too ancient pepl .
Th government a ny companies a measuring the CO emissions whih e being prodce by industrial or service poesses that a necessary fr producing goods for the social consume .
If people do n't use public transprtaton , they oul walk , re a bike or uy a traditional ar , d that will probaly take place when the destiny is fa rom the place where you live .
From my pint of view , public transprtation ll be very importnt in th utur , espcially in deeloed countrie .
I hink th government will slow ow t fee in ubic transportation , ha could ke eole to use public transporation ad cring th environment from CO2 emsions and prevent the obal heating .
In Coslada Cy Councl , people are well informed bot taking care envirnment .
T city councl has devloped seeral campaigns to improve th waeness of it citizen , fr example , t chilre learn at scho how to separae the ast .
There re any cological islands .
Eah of them has three or or kinds of bins and they are ot as ar as two udred meters .
hre have ben sveral planting ampains to pnt trees nd to cean the rve Jara sde .
Neverthenss it is nee enough , beause dog 's owners that tey have ms of the blae .
ine 2008 , ter are an bike paths across e city , so the ctizens will be able to avoid t car a they wi emit less air polluion .
The organic waste is picked up every y a platic an ppe wate is pike up every other a .
e mst impotant thing in h environment care is the education of childrn .
O planet is in uh a difficult ituatin tt we have to tak over e proble .
A probl which was caused by us , huan beings , with her target of making mney withou thikig of the effects .
My famy is very conscious of this troube so we make y effort to solve it .
We usally e the public tasport , wih has a geat qualty in he cty I live .
It woks erfectly : it is always on tie and the price is worth .
We live in a cottage a we ve seral bins which are casifie according to he matial we an to recycle .
Moreove , we run an organization whih pays people who bring us e maerials to recycle .
Te benefits are gien to several organizations hch take of care of he environment .
My sistr teaches people wha to do with things they an to i of , such as bottls or papers .
he is al to do such beautfl jeellery tht lots of people are following her !
It show that this ind of things cn hve a second life .
As soon as te lt river nds the southern bore of Eypt is he .
h ile rive is the origi of h acent gyptian civlization that counts ove 6 thousand years .
A hitorias , researche , scientists agree with this .
A as for me , I totally suppt their oin of vi .
Egypt is a ind of the river civilization mong t he dsert Sahara .
All over t time the ie is h oly source of water for Egyptians .
Futhermore , elevation of the water leel on th ive helps peole to realize e pssiblity of panding t re of fertile lands .
The Egypians clled their country ' Bac Lan ' to mark it off of he red soi of desert .
Nowadays , deep ad wide vlle of h Nl ecame th mot important transport ie fo Egypt .
Through t cntuies people ave been exploring the atur of the Nil .
The aciet gyptians divided t ya fo tee seasons compared to d or et perid .
They knew when it wil be te ' reen Nie ' or ' Red Nile ' to tock up with clean watr .
But such hi leel of development of Egptia civilizati a the negative side as wel as positive .
The great mount of dams wre bit on the river ht caused he disapearing of a lt of plants and anmals .
Anyway , a l of Egyptians til liin a rom th main wer atey of th country and hardly can in th clean war to drink .
ut I hope , as soon as Egyp bcme develoing the government will pay attention to t ecological problems that hh evl .
When most people think bout an important historical place in Ialy , they think of Duomo , in Miao .
But the Dmo is not h most important .
I am sure you 'll agee that it 's the Cooseum .
For centuries this building ha bn the symbol of th ity .
It quite ancient , t still fascinating o thousan of ourists , o com every year .
It ws buil in 79 A.C. by io , o s the oman emperor .
It was used for ows ith animals or uans , who were killed without pty .
Moreover navy wrs were represnted in order to celebrate Roman army .
It is runed throgh te ags , b now peple understand hs imortance and take car of it .
In my opinion it is importat because it remembers our past and o traditin , which we should n't forget .
Howevr nt l people are awar of it .
It 's our stregth an eve time I go byond I ealiz how many people succeded in uiling it .
Th 's wh it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and folow our dreas .
In this as moing world transprt has eome an important facor fr eveyay acivitis .
Everybdy needs a mode of transpot to earn ter daily living .
Thr is no point in saing public transport as no future .
Tavlling through car is a convenient mde of transport , bt most of the populatin ca not afford it .
There are avantage a disadvanges in uing a public transpot .
Frstl to discss e bnefits of public tranport it is cheap n affordable or ll lss of people in society .
Variety of buses are releasd by t government in der to meet people 's fancial conditions .
Usi puic transpor is a time wast ad no rvacy are some of the disadvantages .
Siilarly travelling by car ha s own dvantage nd disadvantage .
Everybody n n afford a travel thogh car as it is stly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy igh privacy drig travl and is convenient
and sophisticted an ca travel faster .
To s up ith it is not appropriate to say that ther is no fture for pblic tranport becas th has eul advantage nd isadvanages .
Sometime I tink that Taipei is t crowded .
ere is no denying tat he M in this city is such a convenient metoolitan syse .
owever , during the rsh hu , here are always have such a rin person h has no public awarnes at ll .
They ocup to many seats , including prioriy sats .
Furthermore , most of them are stuent .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep auhing d asing ea ohe , despite h fa that se pepl have tld them t to do th .
Moreover , I think that proide the seat to elders is also a pobem .
Pririty sts , are presrved to hse who need , not only elders u also oe adult need it .
Somhow , not ll of them an you identify wheth their bodis fel uncomorable merly from heir apearance , which ead to So misndersanding beten tm .
me people ven blme them for they occupy the seats instead of offer e seat .
Morover , soe ld people wou take ths considerative acto r grante and they would vn command young adults or stdets offer their seat without maner !
In my opinion , te trasporation in our ciy hav nthin to criticize expect tat .
Everyone hould develop the aarenes of publi maner .
Telvisio is an important part of mder clure .
We depn on television or entertainment , education , news and films
TV has much beefit :
Frstly it enables yung pepe to sare cultural experinces ith others .
TV can ct as a catalyst to get id reading - folloig up on TV prorams by gtting books on te same subjects or eadng autors whose work was adapted f th programs .
Television cn teach kid importan values d life lssons .
Educational progrming can develop young chiren 's socialiation and learning skills .
ews , rrent ents nd istrical programming can lp mae youn peoe re aware of other culture and people .
Documentaries n hlp devlop critical thinking about society and the orl .
TV can help introdue yot to clasic Hollywood films and foign mvies that hy mght not thewise se .
Cltral programming cn open up e world of msic ad a fo yong people .
t tlevision have alo negative effcs : Firt of all , hildrn who spend a gret deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these hildren receive less socialization with oter children .
Television als takes away fo faily tme .
This is ls true for failis who eat in front of te television .
I deal ith consulting a sas of inancial products and service to an international an , in t as - market nd smal - busness .
I folo h relationship with custors from acquisition to the avise til the realizatn of contrats , bildin nd maintaining relationships aftr - ale in the aim of customer satisfacto
I aso worked with lag d smal teams in back - offices , managed ma administrative actvitie related to mortages , personal loans , conaility and invesments t .
I worked o several years to he acquisition of ew cutomrs , to provide them wh a copete ervice , from e account to insurane roducts , inestmen poducts , personal loan , revolving credit , and ros - selling products .
In many years of rk I have honed my skills in managing no - andard situations , analzig the problem , finding and implementin patical nd eay solutions .
n - sandad ituation , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practcal n easy solutin .
I have face sever sitatons always rk th serenity nd enthsiasm , I lke to wor in a multicultural and dynamic .
I 'm careul to meet he goals of t team in which I work , coorating with colleagues to achieve t goals by providing my sill , alays willing to lern , respecting other points of view ogether ining as to de .
I work or t ame larg company for 25 years , now is he time to chang and find w b oportunties .
Needs to work my husba hs be living in Zandam , I want to fin a n job in Holad to rejo our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding d swimming . I 've also ot the rescue icence , I worked as a lifeguard in the umer studying for the ptnt ad dive mser
Nowadas we l hope , ht ublic ransport can ave t rld .
When we e l ths cars in ur yards , when we stay in traffic j , we hik that e ay we wi av to ie r car ad use pubc transpot .
If we do n't do it , oe a we 'll wae up in the immortal traffic jam .
Bt , probably , ths situation is only period of developmen of transpr .
We are tol about a lot of innovations in th spare .
For insane , Gole repoted about Googlemobile .
aye , robots il be able to dive more srt thn eope .
If thy will cntact ach other and us Googlea or something lik tat , hey will be able to avoid accidents on the rds .
So pople will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people ke the ea of Goglembile .
ome people tik , it iht take way their independence .
But another of pole think ht it is o so bad ie , because they il be able to drink in spite of the ac , that they a drivers at the mment .
Hweer , tere will always be people wh dislike to be a drive anyway .
Ad people ho hate public tnsport , there ll alas be .
e qustio is , whih srt of people have more impac in he world , d , fially , ho ill decie .
How many languae do you speak ?
D ou eer thik of lering another feign language ?
Or do you ant to be a poglot ?
Tod it is mis time iportat to learn a foreig lanuage tan before .
there are w easons whcih show yu hy it is importat to learn a foreign language toay .
First , if u ae planing to travel to anothe country , it is absolutely seful to seak lcal language , it mks ur tri oe esy ad comfortable .
Secn , r findin a god jb oppotunity , he business exchange is incresing in the intrenational evl , if u spk a foregn languag , certainly it ds some value on your profile and you can et a higher alary .
Third , trough laring a foregn language , you do n't nly learn a lauage , at t time you ae ao gettng knw t culture , et to kow a difernt culture d soety different than ous 's , it enriches you knowledge .
Oer these ears , there ae more and more mserable accidents happened around the wrld .
rom newspapers , magazines , ve foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Man scenists infer that ople 's lives wil chage dramatically in he et 50 years ecause of hmans ' reedy .
Humans always esir to have a more onvenient an comfotable life , bt forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the ame time .
Hih - technological contries ve developed a great number of forests and lads to uid hh buildings .
Varius factories emt ecessve carbon dxide io e a .
All he examples above ill nhanc the temperatre a make the Earth hotter and hoter .
The higer temperature enhance , the wst the living quality is .
If people aound t world could n't t more emhass on our iving places , we must have a dk ad hopeless futre .
Due to the climate cane , the eather is so h tha pepe culd ve hve a water shotge .
Losing enou waer upply , peopl 's bo will becme weak an rugh .
In ti living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , hee il be more fight , hatre and sadess .
eryone lves in despair , bu an not find he erance to brihtnes .
The terrible consequences , r caused by te humans ' unsatisfied art .
Friends , fro now , let us be e members to rtect and tk ae of our Earth !
It was dangeros , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercoverd work is very ha , nt ust because ou wl wrk with dangerous people , e reall danger is if you get dicvered .
When people know that ey er deceived , th they tus were broken , ead il ol .
u have to be precse , fast , d a relly good actor .
Te assion for the cause is the k to surie .
It is ust omethng that I hd to do , no you , not r , me .
I d n't choose that , this j as chosen me .
ear Sir or Madme ,
I wod lie to apply for h position of bea lifeguar assistance hch I saw dvertised .
For the ast two years I have joined the swimming rop at e Univsity .
I manage to succeeded in mny compeitons in he counry and abroad .
I bieve I am a suitab candidate for hi post , considering t wiming sills I have .
On te oher hand I compleed the first id course , in the e Cross .
he o wol gv me e opportunity to e all the experienc I have gained d what is more It wul provide me e knowledge .
Please do n hesitate to conact me if you shud eqire further inforaton .
I am aailble to attend an interviw at your conveniec .
I ok forward to hearing from you
Yours fithfull ,
Sebastián Hránez
In or mode world , many people a suffee from tess at sprin from le coniions .
In adition to his , people are working in very tessful orkplaces d they wan to leave from ts condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be si that holidy are the bst option to renew the sul an revive h spirit for people .
In olidays , people a wy fm daily prblms nd lo can ake more time ith thei fries and family .
In this respect , many people prfer to go natural places with heir milies in order to forget bout bad sitations on tir les .
F xaple , walkin in the seasi or simmin in th sea can be elpul to forget ard le conitions .
On the one an , hlidays re e best r people in term of tining lerly hei experinces bout life .
People cn review tir decisions in holidays more accurte ad helpf .
or instance , in stressful life onditons people cn ke ad decisons for their fture .
Besides , people uderestimte eotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is tat peole must complate the tasks in order to gain re mney to aitain their lives a they oget abu the emotional feelings such as lv , helping pepl or thnking spiiual things .
It can be clearly sen that in holidays peopl r getting closer nd they rmember tei eelins .
Fo exampl , people ee their relatives that neve e f a log time .
At the me tme , people hav a chance to go sare places in order to renew heir spirits and sls .
Ty cn pry for Go and it ves a relief for pepe .
When people rmember thee motiona and siritual sbects they an becom re happy . Because people need to leave he material world .
In holidays , peole hve te to review thei mistakes tat leads to stressfu lf .
In conclsion , hliday are very suitable for people in orer to heal their probles n stressfl lf conditions .
Ao holidays are very helpful das in orer to revive e spirit and te sol because people have a chane to mv awy mode lfe tt has full of ateril subjects .
Cyling to school , to work or to do ay other ativity it is ot a common habit in Spain .
oweve , te govenment and th local counils of big cites suh as Madr or Valencia , ae ryng the best to promot this vement becae they consider it a a of evelopent .
On the one and , tre ae any benfts of cycling .
irstly , it reduces trafi ja , noise ad pollution , as well as it lowrs CO2 mssions .
urtermore , it turns out to be t quickest method of tanport .
On e other ad , tere are oe issues such as the increase of dager on te ods .
Stistically cycling is generally considred to be mre dangerous than tavellng by car .
Anoter disadvntge is t weather .
Getting wet hn it rains , havng to do a lo of effort to ycl ino a strong wd , freezing eather or ving to keep drinkg wn hot eather .
In my point of vi , Cyclng contributes to improv communty spirit n it is pssile to look for solutions to face te disadvantages of this activity .
No n can deny ht travelling by c is much more convnient hn by public transport .
For eample , peoe takig car do ot ed to spen time waiting for the bs or suba .
And this undirable time migt be no so ort during hoidays , u to ess fequnt schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any pace where the pblic tanspor erhaps is not ble not reach .
hen the bus is crowded , we ave to sand , making us more exhausting specilly fo a long distance .
en though cas could provide us wit so many dantages meniond aov , advntges of travelling by public trnport hould not be negleted .
Frs , public ransport is god for te environment compared to private a .
As we all know , te more publi transprt pssegers use , the ls cr exhausts are emitte per peon .
Recently , sveral tudies have shown evdences ht the is a strog relatin beween ca exhausts and ug cancers .
In oher ords , public tranport plays an important role in protectg human eing fom sufering of disass a saving life .
Second , pblc trasport saves cty spes .
As more and ore people coos to live in cities , nowadays or cites eome large and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the spac f ah peson bemes mor limited than before .
Provided that eey ciizen ws a ar and use it rther han publ transport fo every travelling chnce , I suppoe that our stees would ecome a parking pace and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Last but t te lest , pubc transpor alows pople to do other things which is impossil whn drivng .
Te drives have to continuously pa attenton to suroundings , resltin in a tense spirit .
Fr a passenger , oever , ravelling is a coplee relax .
People can listen to music , take a phone cll with a friend , ead a ascinating book or just loot at outsie .
Thou there are an advantages for public transot , it does not mean tha plic transport is t best choice f every ituatio .
E.g. , it offers less fleibility tha ar , and is less environmet friendly than bicyces .
Therfore , it is unreasonable to conclude that e trnsprt can eplace othes .
It is bettr that people ar aware of their ros d cn ad choose a it ne .
Langugs fo the fuue
Shold learn other langages ? .
We ve in a wor th da to y chages and people nee to deelp their skls nd overcome .
I think hee r ma reasons to learn lnuages .
On the e hand it col allow u to commuicae wih pope , no differt cultures and travel around the word withot the lanuage barrier .
Also in cent years to express yousel in English , Frenh , Germy and Russian h beca sometng esential a ey important in our lives to fin a job .
I hink a great disadvantage is the pie of the cose .
ls I consder that it nds to be hd and tae me away from doin any other tins .
It eem to me tt young pople shul spend mor time studying languages eause it will be proftaility in t futue but to achiv it te will have to be motvate d to enjoy learning .
rua francsc xvir nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Ua Smme Caps ,
I am writing in repose to your advertiseent fo a job .
I had a part - time job as bbby - itte a I ake care of my 11 years o brother vey often .
I worked in an Easter camp too nd I ave aready prepared lot of ativities , lie " rappel " , paintball ...
That is for thes reasons I think I ha the skills for e job .
I can be contated for a meeting in the abv ddress .
I hope yu considerate me for the jb , rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's hoe th Adriaa in he afternoon .
We ate delicus food ad play interesting games altogether .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's hoe .
First , we lsened to some ongs , such as almost and b big orld .
Afr thirty mintes , we ad tea .
Winnie ovs eating vry much so I cn asly ind mu food at her ho .
We d mouth- wterng strawberry caks and juicy appe uic for tea and te ee extremely yummy .
After havi tea , we play hie - nd - sk atgether in Winne 's garden .
Adrna nd I hid ehid a bnc nd Winnie looed for us .
Suddenly , Winie fell ve a litte stone .
driana and I immdiately cam to her and held er up . '
Your ne is bleeing .
e ou oky'I asked .
I was haking like a leaf a my har is pounding since I was wried about Winnie .
I hd butterflies in my stomach.'s , I am fin , ' Winie replied .
I fe relieve then .
hn , Adrina found a plste n pu it on Wnnie 's woun .
Winnie elt ar inside an smild hpply .
I lt la today although Winnie hurt heself .
Wy ?
It is becae o friendship is more ruge .
Wa an unfoggetable da !
In my pinion th house in t future will be better .
Hous of h future il be big and bright .
Isie wil be full of conveniences .
ig spaces will be ivided in a few zones .
Relaxation 's , earning 's , kitcen 's zones ad so on .
In hos of he future there wl be automatic ctains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be codles , as this way as at presnt Internt .
Every house wil be flexible .
Thank to that it a expand or redued .
Everything depeds on the nuer of people .
Siming is my favourite sport .
Wy do I li swimming ?
Well , swimmig hs awys ben an Olypic sport , it is an ndividua ort so it depends enirey on the swmmr 's efforts , but o a als joy teamork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a spor that requires a lot of fitnes , it is a pot that can be leant at any a bu chldre n start to arn swimming as early as two years of a .
Swiming as differnt pes ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimmig as a sport is vey ueful in wight eductin if y a bese and need to reduce yor weht , it is als t be sport fr he asthmatic aients because it strngthens the chest muscls nd decreases e vulnerability of those patients to resratory infections .
If you will sat to larn swimming , choose a lae tht h an experened cah , and try to be part of a group of you g .
Hell Paul ,
I enjoyed hlpin at the concert whch was in Antaya on October .
I d a gret time wt people who re workn as a helper f te concrt .
I got a t of experenc rom th .
In the cncet time all peple an enjoy t nobody think abu how they a preparing to concert .
I sw so many interesig things during the preparetion time .
Fr xampl they know verything aout each helper 's jobs but on the sam time they st coern own sbjects .
I want explain to you some iterestng pa from my experiece .
In h concert morin ere cited d thinking about the oncert n we decided do not hnk aot the onert jt do your job which would be gven .
Wh we ee arranging concert pl we made ok shaing f all of us .
me of them stard design the stage , some of tm checking sngs volume and lights .
My j s chekng songs list which singers wold prfom .
I thk it was h most difficult par of the concert because of singers .
Tey ere alwas wnted to change om songs which wa on h list .
On the cnert time I wa really woried that smethig would apear sudenly .
Actully everybody cn be worried because the gav time and effort r it .
inlly concer started nd l e lights were shning like tar .
It is dfficult to explain that fling .
When the oncet inishd I ft lie a brd which flyig freely .
Of coure I had some pin in my lg ecase all te time I s standing .
oever , I lie to be a volunteer on enjoyable projes .
I want to invie you to or nx onert whh will be next month if you ae any time please come and see how we ae prparing for the cncrt .
I am iting f your emai .
See you !
Technology is caging th wa we ve in many ays nd how we receive and ue informaion is probably the st affeted .
Regarding advertisement , technology is havng a hue , d not alays possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
ro bak - and - white adds posted in ublc plac we have oved to practically live surrouned by outdoor add plac in eve available ad iginable spt .
From bldings ith enormous and brigt seens to interactive bus stop igns .
The reent developments in mobile echnology allows advertisers to ffer persnalized publicty to ch of us .
I''m sure that in he very near future , if I have bee looin fo restarants in Mallorc in my computer or mobile at he , in my way to work the ads on the ues i wil see - which of course will be screens and o printed papr - wil show iags of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor wit Mallorca in it .
It ill suit me sometimes , ad it even wll be usef , but I 'm also sue soeimes I ill find it aggresive .
e way it fes agresie to enter a square or paza in my twn and find it fu of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artitic th pictures dislayd re .
Advrisement might be considered an art , or at least some iecs are real artisic , but placed on he wrong st or howd at the rong time they loose he artsti side .
But , technology is he r bs or worst , n we have to learn to da wit it the st we can .
If I cud chage o thng in my life , I would le to change my house .
I 'd like to hve a big detached hou in sbbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So tha I oul live me fely ad independently .
If I h th oue , I would decorat it in modern tyl .
I would build ter finess gym , wardrobe -rom , swmmin pol .
If I had such house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my gardn .
I could inve my frins and relativs .
Togeer we cold pnd time in pleasan tmosphere .
When it comes to my aorite sprt , tennis wil aways be my answer .
Togh I am a beinner of it , I tin it 's interesting since it requis a lot of skills to be a master of it , whch ouds very challenging .
When I feel stesse off , I alay play tenni to relae my prssure .
If you e a beginner of tennis , my advie is that you ed to get a suitable rocket for you irt .
As the prerb goes : If you wnt to lar something well , you would need to gt e ight ools first to wo on it .
ext , yu are required to larn every basic skills step by tep .
Since tennis requires lots of bic skills , if you do n't ler the impotat technial slol and steadily , ou m e ut ding the pratice .
Fially , finding a gd teacher is is lo ctical .
A skiled coach can teach you t best skills of tenns .
Do we have btte television tha a few decae ago ?
Do we hav eugh choices in t scree ?
Can you iagine hain ol wo cannels d not playin h whole day ?
Th a only 30 years ago .
An expoion of hannls arrived to ou houses in e eighties .
In this rpot we will se some chaacteristics of today 's television .
Number of Channels a gadually reducing
In our ounry one deade o en dgitl TV arived , a lot of w channels flrished .
l tv ried to e everl licences to distribute ter shows .
In oer to resolve som defict udges , today ther e minly two TV goups .
Less channels means lss hoics .
Internet TV is ineasing
It costs less mone d you can choose exactly the moment , where an with who watching is or ha eleison program .
ou just ollow a suggestion made bay somene .
Y jus cli on it .
They hav to ruce their budget
Despite of changing cannels we e t same news .
Big Broadcast goups are us by all of them .
It is expensive to keep jouralists an caera l aoud the world .
It is ceaper to bu it .
ummay
TV is dying .
It is hard to compe it the Iternt .
Nowada only natiol or internationa broadcs groups c be in e match .
Perhaps pliticl rasons elp to maintan ch a budget decit .
However e fat is that there is a countdown on them .
Der Mrs Hoins ,
I have seen our adertisment in th nespape a I am wting to express an interest
to join your smal group on a trp around the world .
I am a 20-ye - old student rom Switzerland speaking German , Frenh and Englih ad I am en on travellng .
Wth svral trips to many countries I he mae until now , I wold say that I he already so experience in travelling around the word .
I am interested in to joi our goup , because I lik meeting new people frm oher countre ad I would like to explore e countrie around e world .
r ten yer I have ben in a scout grou in which I he learnt a lo abu different kinds to fid a w or to orientate mysf in the wilderness .
Furthermore I el suitable to ji your grop bause I like travelling and I woul lie to be a part of yor advetue .
I look forwad to hearing fr u .
ar Steve ,
It s good to her ro yo .
Basically my idea is to e hi trip to lar as much as pssibl , I mn , not onl e Eglish anguae bu lo to know more abo yu culture and visit ice place of your coutry as well .
As I tol you beore I ca n't affod to pay hs tr alone , so my ther il put up se money to help me .
t I wanna find a o to help him it the bll .
Cn you giv me a an on it ?
You n lso el me to find a cheap pae to rn .
It wil be helpful if yu find a small apartment near the Cambridge Universiy were I 'll study nglish f 5 moth .
Thanks r all your el and I look forward to herig from ou .
Bet wishes
João Mats
Hi John ,
I am lokig forward to seeng o .
Fis of all , you soud get outsie of the arpor trminal .
Tee y il ee bus stations in the street .
Whe you gt tee ake the bus whh has nuber 1 .
hen ride to h bus stop " Zličín " .
Tere o n e to the underground station and travel to he centre of Pagu .
If yu coose this w , I 'll call o in the morning to tl ou whe wll we meet exatly .
But if I we you I ould take a txi or te unerground is uit boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to g to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast or next mot looks pleasntly as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's why u do n't ae to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you son .
Bs wishes ,
Jco
In my opinio we should go to the rsaurant because al people nee a relaxing moment f dig work betr ta before .
Frstly , we can discuss ye of food we wnt to eat .
Actually , sudents ea a o fast fod whie the a stdyig at uiersity , because thy do n't have time to do fod , f these resons I think that the bes restaurant is somowhre en ty do hom - made food , and a god idea is o mais course : baked poatoe , stamed vegetables and for desst apple ak .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture mbe we should hose a specal rstaurat , I like a caming and comfrable rstauant with a lot of windows , it a wht cha , able and wall , moe or less a relaxing environment but the tmospher is vry importan for dine and I thn that we mt vote thi , because we wl av a good nht or not depeding the type of atmosphere we coos .
In conclusion , I think that is tpe of fod d atmosphre is very r us , because orally we ha spoen abu book , ok and studies , hile with hs tp of envronmen we can speak but us , our family , our hobie an a peoe get to know ew something abot oter mates .
I wod lie to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love t fod ee a I thnk my classmates to .
You can it e best brers y ae ever eaten .
They are incrediily delicious .
I do not know how do they make d cook them .
Tse burers are my favourite food bcaue they are amazing .
I cn not a how they re because you have to tste them .
It is a flavour similar to stay in te heven or in the paradise .
I recommend y to go to hs esaurant nd yu definitely lav with a very go flavour in you mouth d a huge smle in your face .
Yu wil at to come nother tme .
Howeer , if yu do not like burgers you can a whatever you want of American fod an y wil get the same fantastic piion as a person who has ten nothe meal .
ulic tanspot plays an important le in our morn day live .
More thn a billio peope se buses , tx 's and trains e as tourists , for or , eetig relatives , going to cool etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travellng by ar is more convenient bt it is expensive .
That is why beaue the cost of petrl , disel and ga is quit hh in ot of the countries of th wrd .
While travellin by ubli transprt can ave a o of mony in fllowin ways :
1 . People can ve the money they spend on petl .
2 .
As they have specfic routes across h country , town , cty and illages , it helps people to send less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside e ty etc .
I isgree with he statement stated abe because in futu we are likely to have only wo casses in society , te ch a the poor .
iddle class is disappearing and becomn sarc a by day .
It is because of ih taxes on goos .
So , I believe eiter we wil ve public transpor or people are gon to be as they were in th ston age .
Public transpot is even good for or environmet rahe than cars .
Nowadays peope have dfferent viws bot reading books and watching movies .
Some of tem think th ook are ore interesting than hem film version .
I agre ith th point of ie .
I ed to think tha there is nohing ettr ta reaing a oo .
Firstly , reang helps to ecoe a well Eduated Person an give a chance to develop knowledge .
Tat 's h whie you are radin you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
When yo a readig a picur of wht is appening appears in yo mind .
You can imgine how heres look ie , you c imagine different views , here the action taks place .
Ad finally , I think it 's very important that y ca easily take yo bk wih o ad srt rading anytime u ant .
On th other hand , if ou like beig in company the bes way for ou is moves .
Becus you a watch it th yo friends .
Also my peole choose movies ecaue they like soundtracks and special effects .
It 's so excitn .
but l the ftors are not iportant for me .
I ppose that ooks are better than them ilm vesion .
To u up , I 'd like to say reang is ally great thg .
A gi was walking home oe da .
She was th her mm ..
She was ut a young beuiful girl !
So , ty were going hme wen he gi noticed a cute doll in a shop .
h d bod hair and she was wearing a blue res , whte gles ad lack shoes .
ut like r ... ''Mum I le ths ol!Culd u be it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't eny to he , so sh ouht it .
Oh!The girl had so many specil moments wh her doll!!Th ooked so adorable together!The wer like twins !
After me ear th girl decided tat e hd to move .
She wa eighteen years o , e a to be indeedent .
So s ok a deep breth and pu e oll in th attic st like her childood memories .
At nht she heard some creepy oise from ter ...
She wt there ad thera was the do with a knife in e hd.''Bell , hy you do n't py with me anymore?Ar ou borng of me?us because I have oly one eye?Bu u removed me the othr on .
ut becus I do n't av e if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screaed .
And ten ...
Next d , going at r he her m wantd to find r daughter .
So , s went uptairs ...
he girl a a knife in her knec nd on the wall thee was a sentne,''hy i y leave me that way ? ''
Tens is an inividual spo .
ust you hav to deal wih the game .
Yo ca chooe ots of paces to pa .
u need a good pr of shoes , a tenni rcket and some bls and prso who pla wih .
Although you shoul be od at playing backhand or forehand , you ca los finally .
Ts spo is not just about a phsica power .
You sposed to s your brain as ll .
It is cobiation of a physical per , a technique a a mental ower .
As the othr sports , tennis is gtting ore modern , fas nd commercial .
I mean profeional ennis .
Some hildrn wanted to ay tennis becaue of money or glory .
Soe of te prctise enni beuse of ther parnts .
It is not fair nogh .
Chlden should pl games , not just enis , beause it is fun , it develops their skills , els to physical healt and so on .
You can start if you are grown up anway .
It is eve o at .
Eher yo cn find a professional oah or ust on your fiends .
Enjo !
Dear Mrs Kate Asb ,
My name is ndra Cocci , I 'm sixteen , n I saw the aertisement of the weeked work in or cafe , a I 'm iteresed to or wth u .
I ' m the erfec choice fr hi wk , in fact , I 'm interesed in diferent kis of food because I am Italian , and or us od is everthin .
In Italy , I attend school for water a cook , a sometimes I cook lasagna , pata , pizza a many her specialties of my country , and I was asued in may famous restaurant .
I"m ls ood at eling with peole , in fact since whe I s younger , I av done th animator at th summer cp of lpinano , the city where I lived , and I spent a t of time with hldren d adults .
I also orke for ma theaer companies and I am so good an kind when I talk wt othe people , alo if I do n't kw thm .
At t end , I 'm also repred to wr long hour , whn I orkd wth my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eit a.m. an I late at 9 p.m. , it a iffcult t I did it al days .
I look forward to hearn rom you on ,
ndre Coci
Essay
In toda 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and con of tudyig English abrod .
Is it realy worth eaving yur own counry for a period of ie to std Englis ?
It is true th gong aboad can open n point of view about you own earning process .
Talking it English atve speakers is always a go tng because you wl be able to dge ow ell or badly o are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and njoyable if you lan it proerly .
However , u will hv to spend a considerable aount of ney in it and you will not be assurd to aieve yr als at l so it wud be able to beome a real nihtmare if you e not focus on your learin tasks .
ro my poi of vew I think the dvantages vercome the disadantages espeally if yu hae sme oney saved o it .
But if you do not , there is alays a solution whh is uing he Interet to learn evrything u need .
Y can even lk wit atve speaker by using ome hat Room nline uh as Skipe and others .
Football , a pasion
When I was little I a ted a lot of sports , Handball , Simmin , ennis , but my favurite sort is ot oe of those , it is a sport that I ve never imagine : Football .
All my lfe I though hat ooball wa a port which was r n , o for irls , but once I red it , I lved it .
Have yu vr thik bout paying footbll ?
At fir , when I started to la football I d it wih my classmates , who whee all os , so I used to feel a lttle i uncomfortable , however , soe years ago , the started to intergrate me when thy play , and nowaays , I lo playing otball wih thm .
N , sme women and I started to oganize female atces , so I am more ud to play wit girs . I ever imagine that I w goin to be so keen on ootbll , but nw it taes part of my ife .
I think footbll is a ery exciting sport , and that everybody in e world should r it at least once in his or he ie .
On thing u houd kep in mind if ou want to lay football is hat o have to be ready to reacie some puches .
I recomend you a eat restaurant wch is in the hopping centr .
I have be here twic , d I ie it .
Its nm is " The Engih oven " , a it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaran with Bitih food .
Th servie is excellet and he waiters are so pleasant d gentle .
Th interior is big , so l the class cold ta inside without problem .
Th decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great tradiioal Brtish objects .
he fod is e of te best things in the etaurant that is ways tasty and fres .
Te've got a t of diffeent shes , traitional and modern .
They have also ot a lot of different yps of salads , pasta an pzzas .
The dessrt r very od too .
They 've got riinal one , like swet pizza , and traditional .
The is a big variety of ice creas .
hi restaurant is not o expensiv , which is perfect o us , because we do n't ant to pen too much money .
T restaurant is in the shppin center , so we can get ther by bus or by trin .
I think his is t bst rstauran to go on the nd of he corse , so we could boo some tabes as sn as possible bause a ot of people uually oes there .
During wole life , amous people , such as politicans nd film stars , media are accompanying hm .
In my view , public ersn deeve to ave ter own life , thout photograpin .
In e han , becomng a plic perso asocate with jornalist , ass - media , flashes .
Famous eope are obligated to provide their life in xemplar a .
Howeer , they still being ordnary peoe , the make mitkes .
Peopl are thought beng jealus .
Ntic ny kind of failures .
It see to me at journalist might be abslutly oxic an they have deectve ifulenc on society which assess elebrites through the prm of journalistc documentary .
In te other had ny of stars sold their privacy to en moe and mre mone .
he value of their taet , abiitie are ounted in aout of taboids canals .
Sming up , all over the world , e liin famous pple who do n't bring int the limelight teir le .
It has ever been very eful for a long time ao , nevertheless owadas , hee re some people who a if h public transport was suppressed , d society wuld save a lot of money .
owver , people shod hin abou the lar advantages , uh as : pope ve money ; it is very cofortable an od o te environment .
Firstly , h man eason is the cost ecaus th people ho do not have a car tey ne to tavel or comut to aothe place and a car is very expensive .
he crs need to be rpaied ; bsides , if you have a c , you hve to y some tes .
In addition , thse eope need to have pubc transport fo trvellin roud th contry d city .
Secondly , another reason is h global warmg because te atmophere is much pllutd .
If you se he pubic transport , yu can be le contaminating tha befoe becaus thre are a lot of pople o travel togethr in only one transport .
Filly , h lst reason is he coort becaue you ave a c ; it is so difficult to find a car par in e centre of the city .
Bsids in om cities , r n o be paed in om places , such as : e old ciy and the cty centre .
mming up , people are aware of gbal warming an think aut the hh cost of hvin a car .
From my point of viw , I e used to wakin aroun my cit an my c is ut ue if I trav around the couty .
We e living in a ever changg wld .
Today 's nw things beme tings of at in w monhs .
Take an xampl of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latet configuration becomes outated within few moths ater byig it .
50 yars is a vey long time and people ive wll dfintely cang in uch a lon priod .
However , the importan point to discuss woud be whether it would be a positive chane or negative ne .
Last 50 yeas science and technlogy took great leaps , internet , moils made us oe cnected .
Today , we hav l the information at finge - tips .
Tod , we do n't need to worry bout getting lost at new place , Goge map are alwa there to lp .
We eed not to cram Enlsh words day , as we can quickly fin meaning of ay wod on our mobles .
Meeting new popl or elling your prouts , yu do nt need to ace ayne , everything can be maaged through a virtual latforms .
Tda o lies have beoe mh mor comfortable than pas , tnks to rgress mankd has mae in technology .
On the other hand a number of terrorism , global warming a red became t challenges of today 's world .
Climte changes ue to gloal warmin casig naura disasters nw and he .
Terorist activities causing havoc in ubli lie .
Crrupion ad gree of people in poer making it difiult to rut people leaders .
If thse challenges are not addressed in omin ars , imagining better ivs or peole in 50 ear hee is rather difficult .
We nee to rember technology is jt a tool , in igt han it uld be boon for us , in rog ans it has power to dstoy the world as we e it tody .
to h my concrn ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improe her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertsemen on our webte and I immedatel thought " That 's f me , I 'm the right person f this kind of jo ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondrng y I should be h right person .
Tha 's soon ad .
I 'm motivated , exible and openminded prsn nd I had a o of experience in ti field as well .
I 've worked as scial traner and as educators sine I was 16 .
I lo doing social activities nd plnning eents .
When I worked as educator , I used to pln and manage some sports a outdoor acitivities .
I h a ry gra memories of ese experiences and I wul rally like to live them agin .
If o are interste , please he a lok at my CV .
As you requted , I attach it in this mail .
est regards .
Personally , mobil phons ae very importan in my ie .
I ed that evice near me becas I hae three ildren and I wt to kw ho ad where they are .
he sm abu my parents ; they are old and soetmes th call me or al about their healht .
Concerning video - aes , I agree with scients hat hy thought its el children 's brain to develo , t is impotan cntroller tm ecaue her re a o violent games .
Hever ther are brillant games or chilen .
In my opnion , he Intrne is absolutely a revoluio in curnt socety .
It is ery common to use the Internet in my work for research or oogle information an ao connect it other teachers , spek about course an change nforation .
Finally , I think technologal developments make us improve to the future .
Friends should be lke a shadow aays bsde ou .
In the time of j and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life bt not doubt it is not esy to ind sincere friends .
It de not me you will never fnd o .
It is very important to neract an socialise wh people to make a iend .
The oe people u will mt the more easy it wl becoe or you to find a friend .
When you fid one spend time with them , har vies , idea and go out wi them .
Frieds do nt have to are on everything u say u he hould share their ves about it .
The Guardian is a British aiy newspaper which ncludes national ad internatiol nes .
u old fd a variety of articles sch as poitics , Business and Money , spors , cultre , eductin , ie an tye , Taels , the eaher and the Environment .
tre e penty of advertisements fr jobs ad donations to he individuals .
reader are ble to express thei opinion free .
th e a qalit Enlish language whih avods slg langage .
As result , it is suitable for students who ern Enlish Laguage to iprve heir English .
On the oter ha , I raised there were two disadvanage .
For example , it is not sitable f chilre due to official Languge . there were ls a ge number of commercials advetisements ich mak te reads oed .
Overal , The Guardian is cnsiderd one of te best newpapers in the rld .
Nowadays , in th moder and progressive wod where people re mat nd economy ery high developed .
ome people think that we ned in tablet computr instea books
In my pinion , th problem is vey interesting .
Smetimes the I am waching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice tht gadgets bcme very ueful for r lie .It sem to me good opportunities to make our life moe eail .
Also it makes us more leer .
I am convicd tht using tablet computers in u veyday life is rather good .
People do not nee to ary a ot of books in a b .Pupil could not say tat he left a ok becaue he has al oos in i tale computers
me peole think tht it is a bed de .
Thy belive that it is uselss hig for our generation .
uh peole are sure ta elctronic things ake us stupid .
They insist on not using tablet at chool .
Personally for me , I like bos vy uc .when I at home I s bos eause I lik to smel and to touc te paper of books .
I do not agree with the eple h thnk tht tablets ae useless .
We should use it bt we e us t orgt about books .
In conclusion , I wat to say at that we shuld kee abrast of ew technolgies and try to make r lives easier
The Big Mistake
This a wa full of oy and appines , but something en wrong after when s to hm that he is prgnat .
She a so happy about ti news n she thought that he wll be happy as well , but ...
At the moment whe she old him tat sh is pregnant , he jus frozen .
It a oo much for him .
He thought it 's esier to walk wa and avoid this conversation wth he .
He tri to understad what 's goig on with him .
It was weird how mn question and douts ce up on his head .
n pat of him was realy happy , because to be a father is s o of the biggest dream , bu on e oter an he oud n't handle this news .
This oan , w stands next to hm , is s girlfriend , is fture wf .
He shoul be happy and u her a celebrate hi go news .
ut somehow he d n't fel anyhing .
All that he felt ws anxiety .
He culd n't handle te eling , when she tried to toch him , to kss ad hug him .
He kne ha she loves him as muh as he love er , t everything was just too wrong on ts moment .
Her voice , er smile d even her dy w to ron on tis mmnt .
Sh coud n't nderstan what 's going on , because it was jus three wees ago whe ey hd a conversation aout kd ad faiy and he ai tt he would lk to have kis with r .
d now , he just avoids e and he is not apy about th news .
It was a bg mess .
e was ore than apy an he could n't adle this news .
They th kew that tey le ea other and the care abu each otr , but it was oo mu o him .
He stood up and aid to her girliend tht he needs a break and he hve to be aln .
Mihael closed the oo d knew at tht moment he had mae a mistake .
To te beginning I am going to take about wh is my loey sprts an why I wll enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not ke to do ome sports during the ayime , but if I really need do some eecises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pol .
irtly , I think , siming pool is cearig .
Such as after swimmig that I ve a safe and a bathroom to tae shwr .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , is is beaus I do not like big su a sand .
Third , wimming in th ocean is st dangerus .
owver , I li to sty in e swimig poo during the summe .
Actully , I do not nw h to swim ut it is my fvorte sort in my hole lie .
Moreover , I tnk beore ay nd of sports tha we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our odies first . If we do not do it that we ll gt angrous whi we a doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not lke to do n pots bu we ne to choos one kid of sot in our fe and amos all people need to do it , as we could not stay at om or workg all the ime .
Even o eally do nt like to do exerise hat o can go to sh .
Th purpose of th report is to outlne the mo imprtant cions which have been takn in our to to protect th envroment as te in isue to improve our quaity of lf .
In te frs place , we nee to pay attenton to the fact ht Ccers is locae in a pastue ara where lca farmers hve bee breedn seep , cows and pg f centures in spite of th hard wather conditions suc as high temperatures nd terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our ter resources are diffcul to be presered n it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise peole 's awarenss but the importance of a atonal u of it .
he local government is aso tkng strong action on creating green ares in different places in or arond the ton here citizens can snd thei fe time or evn do sprts .
That 's h eason why it has ben working on e recovery of some ara which a now pars or recreational ares .
Fiall , the town hs also improved he management an reatment of wate system with e active cooertion of most of t citizenship w is relly concened abo the recycling of waste need .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabiants ar said to sot a recycle their rubbish tking it out to the yelo , geen nd ble contaier in every treet .
And that is the negative pot , these dumptes are too visibl in town and it wud be advisable to chag the ones we have f undergroud ne .
I wke up today ad I jst remembr that I as doing a presentation abou landscapes , and e ones that do it ill reward a bonus point bu anays hi is n't important infrmaton .
I arched my fmiy in he house a thr s no e in te home , ju me .
I get a bit sared so I search em outside in he streets .
I did n't knew at a omb hit on the city and klld amst eeryone , now I have to find my paets .
I think the reason y I did n't know abut th explosion is becas this part where I live is a very por aea and it 's not that beatifl so yo ca n't distingush wee does the explosion hit .
Finally in some days I fud some neibors ih sm fd , I was sarvin to death so I ae a o .
We made soe incentives about laws , but it was a otl confli , ecause the group notied ta some fo was missing someho .
I think that somene dags some of t oo on the night while eerybdy is sleeping .
So verybody is g na ry to enforc th laws .
In th next moring I ate a iec of steak a the gop a talking about some cretures ta we walking around to kil nd eat us .
In th ght I as thinking abut many things just wh I ard some noises .
I stalked him and it semed that this g has a hump .
I stom him and when he tured around it was a woman frm t roup .
We were tlking about hs wen a g ju came nar ; it as adorable us when he converted into a g weird crature .
He bt my leg and it hurt a t , we tre to alert the others bu it was too late , it ws the oup or us .
We sa tat beast eating ur friends and e food .
In me wys th se robbed the fod in th night and I ae up it was gd for my survival .
But if I h the oportunit to revrse the tren of how am I going I would not do it becase I have to face all of thi .
DONG EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obai while eercisin ?
Do yu know ta 75% of people in Mexi , does n't ractice any yp of exerci , th is a bi problem to our ociety and is e proem umber 1 of why Mexico is the country with mr obese in the world .
Doing excercise it 's an mortant tig to do in a eathy n hapy life , while ou excerce you fel well with ou re sef an yo re dy .
her 's a lot of bnefis ta come in nd with doing excercise like reducin or take ontol of u re weigh , it lps you it heart dease , problems with you re ody , and as ou a ke a lot of friend whie doing any eercse .
w days ther 's a lo of iffrent ypes of exercisng , you c pracice ny sport , le socer , basketball , seball , or yu ca simply go to th YM or practise Crossfit or someting ike th .
Soccer it 's a gre sport where you can ae a lo of friens , you a stay fit , but you also need so skills because it 's t ey to contll he bl and dribble you 're rivals on he field .
I commend yu to practise any prt o ike a enjoy every second y spend exercisng .
Tanks d trt n , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any futur to publc transport , for raveling by r is mch more conveient ?
Mn disgree about the public transpor wo re to be disappearing , though we still have to deal it diferent opnions abut nreasing in trvellig .
This ompsition will explain h two different opinns .
Firstly , the ar is mor cnvenint ecaus there is privacy .
Aso , unlike pubc transport sc as ues and underground , yo ave much more comfort and speed .
Thre is a perception hat a car can give o the reeom of choice .
On t website of h Sotish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years ld boy explain « - I prefer gong in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as my people around o ... I pefer the r becase you a isen to mic as ll . »
Although thy are many psitie point about private cars , tey are aso negative ones .
Indeed , car incease the pllution , you hae taffic congston , an it is vey expensive . « - On my ag , even te rivig lessons ae expensive .
Ten jst owng a cr and lookig after yu car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously it would benefit me if I wokd in Edinburgh , but I do n't wor in Einburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 years old y .
No , secondly , travelling by public ansport is cheaper ( we do n't y any fe on public ransort , ut also , it is safer ,
Accordng to The Saigon Times , thee e a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to privat cars .
Th min reason is that t cars ' ownr re run he driving .
It is clear that if thy oo a bus or a xi en ty were rak , it would not ve as much acidents .
Finaly , many veloped countries on t world , such as England , America , aada , Jaan and so on , he built a puli transport stem , so th traffic jm ave been decreased .
As a rsult , e economy has en inreasing .
From hi analyss , it sobvious that travelng by publ trnsport is very imortat .
Topic :
Do u agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is nsidered the st imporan thi in a relaionhip " ?
Disageement on aways telin the ruth be he st imortant point in a relationship wi be my opinion .
Ee thogh being truthful is crcal in elationhip , always telling te truth oul be consierd as hurting others ' feelings and is unwe .
nothe reaso fo not telling the ruth all he time is if it is aot personal matte an it would feel like awward to mention to colleagues or the empoer .
It is better to tell a litle hit lie at this ment .
To further illstrate the first pint ove , cold hurt e 's feeings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if soe woan o are acquainted weaing inappropriate cothe not fitting in t occasion .
ople usually tend not teling her he ruh sinc it could make her felings .
Intead of doing so , popl may aise h with oth thins on er .
In ht ase , hey ould still make conversins without boilin her mood .
The oter pon is hn it comes to personal matters , eople usually inen to keep it riate ine most of he tim it is strange ad inappropriate to ak oneself too much to people at ok or even eple at one just got acquainted .
If there a questions aot things e do o want oth peple to know , ey mht a a litte white e which usually does ot mttr to ch .
If I was haing a day off to go to a doctor , I old refr other pople fom asking details abou it by say that I just d some errands to ru .
The are t o opnions of mine on elling h truth or n .
Last Friday , Miche d I was in the school playing happily wi each other in h classroom .
he we wr in te cls , suddenly Michal walked twars t dor .
Michel closed he dor d knew at the mont he made a mtake .
Due to this , we're both lled to meet te headmaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the hedmaster jus because ichal ad cloed h door .
e do w n't roke no pieces or ell down .
My curiosity had p me int a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't hapned lie what I hoped .
I ended gttng expelled from the schoo beaus teache nd the classmates uspeted Michl and I steal r clasmate - Sally 's wallet .
I oud n't maine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly d witout given any chane for us to peak out .
I finally relied tat verthing a a ta nd we 're the nlucky nd innocent ons as we fell into the trap .
We wipd off our tars , and waved o ands whe we left e school .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the trh thrugh CCTV , b we efused to return to the shool and decide to cange a new school as we kow vn if we go bck this time , similar cases cod appen nex time .
Tis is becae he techer has a biased mindset .
Dear U summer camps ,
my name is ianca Padovesi , and I ha rad your adertisment or the ob .
I consider I am te rght person f his job bease , firstly , I spea funt an clar English whic is er imptant to communicae .
ls , I hae a gd relation wi litle kids , I use to look after my nieces nd nephews er the weekend and ty love spendn ie with me . moreover I am vey energetic , always awake and reay to work hard .
Furthermore , I am vr creative and it is a ood aspt of myself , as I an invent new and entertaining games fo he kis to av a great time .
I ike maki puzzles or games hic ily runnng , juping hch are mportant for the kids developmen .
I am not vey go t ooking bu bease I never have time to dedicae ie on tat .
I tik tat if I watch ad learn h to do it I would learn vry fa and n domiat it .
That is a god quality of mn , I learn thing very fst and I also an get used to new hin .
I am ey xted abot this jo ad I ope you reply so .
Biaa
Dy number 8 .
We were eady to go an fd the hers , we went outsie the helter we built and write in wl near to the sheler " se zone " and if thee is someone that needs supplies he uld find some supplis and ammo to survive .
We tat ur journe and going in the fores , ther was a o of # pests on our way there were variu gy ht wee sck we oud n't do anything xcet for , kp going , I was seein my little group to # dimini an some of us wer # allergic to ome plants , I a th only oe that had no problem wih all h other stuff eopl had problems with .
I thoug that maybe my # genes ee actully imne to th infction I could actuay be t # reolutionary guy tht helps everyone tha ws in my # kptick n I ws really poitive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think but is it elp he etir world or ju sv a group e deision wa in my hands it s # conventional to elp the entire world u I do n't wa to d . wile I s thking abut that we foun a od it was a famila bod frm someone that was in he group one of the gys we wnted to find and live not dea i face was ll rtten nd eaten way by the walkers .
We eeed to ind the one th wee sil ave or at lest tlls us wht append to everyon , t # ttle ainst huer started veryone was hunry and we have't eate ything in a f days a ht could la us to two higs dead or aen away by a wlkr so we needed to find something tat was a # nutriional based foo where we cold eat with no probe and be ok .
We foun a pharmacy and a rstrom wher we could ge a rest and ke a sowe to clean ourselves .
We g los to he parmac there was no walkers nside so we run into e pharmacy n clod all t drs and I gt someon to hek us in the night I needd om rest an et to sle immediately .
In my re here are mny railway line and tey 're often overcrowded .
But private raffi in th town is yet mor present , as the result tha Tuin is t wn of FIAT , he wll known actory .
Near to yur oe , here r many upermarkts in which you can easily b al tt you ed to liv .
When you hav to pay he tlehone and nergy bils , you can do that in y obcco shops ner to your ome .
If you lke shopping , in the perimeter of t town , thee are some bi supermarkets , which hold mny items of the main eat factories of Europe and above .
Like a he industrialised cuntries , a connection to e Internet is granted almost for ea ea and each building .
At the en , t taxi are present and they coer all th town , but this service is ls organised and dvelopd tn the Eglish ne .
Thee is an opinn th fmou peple , uc as celeriies , film stars , politians or peple wh work in music inustry deserve to hve a priate life , eseve not to be under constant obervation .
To my mid there huld be a bard btween paparazzi work d a prvacy of famous people .
In my opinion bg stars should be able to elx a take some rivte me .
As a as I 'm concerned thre is no one who feels comfortble when is undr sureillnce of eole ho wat to tke itures which hows them in embarrassng sitatio .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' rk ' so he have to take io account .
But on e oher hand , there should be some invilability sphrs of lfe wtout journalis following he a the ime .
This rarely fragmens of life without an eye of a camer should be an opprtuniy to iv like normal , ot famous peopl .
I know that catching celebrity ing ceanng or taking a d o a wk is a shokin news f eopl h rd ablois .
To my mind , they do ot believe celebs are such a normal popl as everyon of us only with more moe in theirs bank accounts
So , as you can see I agee wth t sttement hat famu people , wh a recognizable , deserve to have a privte life an the ability of hvig normal ife should be as given to them .
he Maze Rune
I recently watched this e film bsd on one of he ooks of is worldwide nwn author .
As I have an iterest in thrilers , I decided to giv it a y .
The poster of e film already ffere a ene of itrige ad mystery which mde me te e decision to atch this fil .
Th film starts by putting ourelf in the fls of te mi character , which is a 16-year - ol bo who finds himse impsoned in a ce and beng transpoted to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no da how he ended up the .
Hower , he son realizes that this is not a ormal camp , which is loctd next to a giant d mysterious mz .
h people who lie in te cap ak up different oles in odr to survive and efend themselves from the enaces of the maze .
He to the role of a runner , e people reponsible for exploring the ma nd oo for an xi of this place .
Stil , they oy hve the dayight ie to explore h maze , as when the sun goes down it ecomes ery dangerous .
The im keps getting better an etter as you watch it , having its exciting moments hen he charactrs discover somehin hat hidden inside te ae .
I hatily recommen it to anyone who wats to have a rush of adrenalne whil enjoying a solid story whih will leave no one indferent .
I 've ben plaing volleyball for 12 yars now and hopefully ma mr , what I le about it is fit of all ht tall or small , nyone could play it as long as they 're detemined so basicall is a life og spt or everyone .
I loe te speed of volleyball , most of th tim it 's quick and if you ink o probaly misse somthin , each contact happns in less than a scond , and stil every paer rects t location of he ba in hat amount of te and he there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a gm go until 32 - 30 , and se e enrgy on the floor and her the ois from th crd ou 're mising out .
Personally winning suh a set makes me feel like I coul do anything , u he I do n't , it stil keeps me waing more .
I am always trying to jump iher , hi harder , pass a set better , and erv in me different ways .
I lve in New Eltham .
My ar is very lean and very gree .
Popl there re ery friendly and helpful .
It is a goo pace to ive .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taen .
Of course garbage is sorted into different bi .
That is very od ide , because that rbbsh udergo a rcycling .
Al my neighors in the sae way colleced garbage .
ver by ce aou cleanlinees in the frt of te house nd in the garden .
Epecally spring is a l of colour and pleasant odrs .
New Eltm have beautiful parks where u cn relax rm the busy place .
reen im in my tw is eally fantasti .
I have recently eaten at Black Bea restaurant , a tyica iciian restaurt in recastani , a little on near Cania locate nde the Etna volcano slop , and I found th restaurant was easily the best I hav eaten in .
Tre were two oos , smokn room or non - smking room .
Th surroundings were rustic , yet it till fl air and os , th witers were ry frienly and informative .
As I was eaen ith my frend Morno and is fathe , I manag to saml a good range of iems on the menu nd I rally liked Chianina beef , it was very sty .
All the ingredients re clearly fesh and of the highest quality .
The prc s n't reasonable at a , because the mea came to about forty uros per perso , so this restauant it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restauran dspite the fact that the meal wa a littl expensive and I will no doub be ack fo other dinners .
Drs is a topic with a lot of cotroversy .
Tey have been rsent in u oceties ice ever .
Cannabis , heroin , sped are om examples of substncs that are really wel - known f all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a ve used rgument by people who elive at this measure could solve the problem of he exclusio .
Margination ha a link with he illeglity of this activity .
Also this illegality is the guilty or the attraction of he drugs because th majority of peole str having dug beause they are yong and its prohibition is very stimulatng .
The real polem cos when this etetainment ecme in an addiction tt a destroy our lives .
I think everyone has proved some kin of illegal dug to ave n , eny friends or ust to pve them , nd I do not beiee that beviour is wrg becaue eveyone nee to expeimet an tr ne hing .
t we he to be responsib and have very lear that it is oy something excptional and nt r dai life because it is very anerous as some people are not able to put eadlines to themelve .
Finally , leglization of dugs means that they could be taxable and we know how t taxes wrk in our countr so I do no kno if it is a ood idea or not .
Hi hooq ,
ha sond great , I 'm so happy to he that you are comig to Saudi Arabia , I 'm g na be ale to see you atr a long ime .
But nluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't eet you bt you a take me fom the scool at 1:30 then we can go to hve unc .
My school is really es to id , go stright ahead onto Aljameah tree then trn right beside the farce of KAU universit , after getting do from the bride you 'll fid t scho on yor right .
So excited to s you !
Bye fr now .
Nou .
Dear Les ,
Firtly , pain is a great pla for holidays in summr .
In that time , it is always snny and , depending on te region , it could rain .
If o want to e oe beautil scenery , you mus go to Barcelona where you will be able to e La Sagrada Fmilia , which s bul by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alabra in Granada , which is e of e Seen Wonders of t World .
In drid you ca go to vit some museums , like the Reina oía or El Pad .
On the other hand , if o want to see sm ildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos ationl ak in Cantabria , wht is like a litl safari , or Doñana Naional Pak , wch in that period you n e some migrion birds .
If I were yo n I had a copltely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each lac , an I ent a ca in oer to move between the cities .
I reommend you no to tak warm cloths .
I hope u njy your summer .
Adrán .
Brt Simpson is my faourit fctioal character on TV .
He is t elet son of the Simpso famly .
Bart is e years o an is a tyial Aerican chid .
He has yello skin and i eyes , he is blond d has gotspiky air .
Bart always wears a red T - sit and blu orts .
h most important hng for Br is to be e most popular student in his scol , for hs easo he is lays misbehaing .
His parents and the school princial often unish im .
Brt is energetic d clever studnt ut he is lso a bad student and he hates eds .
Although he is aher naughty , he has actually a eart of god becae he helps his sister hen she needs him .
In the impon amiy all te haractrs are very funny .
A t of magazines a The Simsos is te st cartoon srie in histoy a I bolutely agree .
r me , Bart is funier than Homer , altough mst maazies sa ht Homer is the est caracer
It was one deary rainy Sunday mrnin .
I was n't in he mood to go u anyway .
Everything suggested hat I wo n't t out of t house for quite a while .
Suddenly , the was a heav knock on e oor .
Who on Earth cold at be ?
Who woul hav even bothered to pa me a ist duing this bloody awful weather ?
My cnerns were answered swiftly , fo the a on my threhol yelled : " I have a letr fo Mr. Samson !
" I was qute surprisd , to be honest , I ad n't received a ette for months .
I opened it d uicky scanned the ext .
At irt , I d bseved h ettr cauously , ut te I noticd my ncl 's nme in it .
Although , I had n't met hm a single time , this letter was his lst wi ad I learned that I inherted a good eal of mone .
Fft thousand pounds , to be prcise .
Exultation eize my md instatly , ut I son began to worry : " Wha wil I do with this amunt of money ? "
Well , the as I have chsn is abu the tow where I hve been staying fr last ten yers .
Actually , this on is located in he middle of ils nd a river witout water .
I am ver much worrie aou e ow were I am staying becus everybody of ts ton is t bother abut rubbsh thing he do every da .
First of all th ae ey dirty by naur .
they r very casul with t envionment and the iportane of clealiness .
So clled pople of oo nture are inctve and talkative nd goip of ohers not doing anything fo the beterment of teir o tow .
All the husehod arby the publc road trws th drty things easily and even do n't oter about the order of the municipality .
I see a these urig my orning walk .
what I fe is hat everyone wh are taying the town houd at leas keep clan tir wn front plcs and sides surrounds hem .
I am upset aou it and whever I ge a ance I speak with my fellow ople n look for thir feebac but thy are also h same in naure .
People r now self - centre and vy narrow minded .
Though th are becming so cled eucated but in real sense they are still savge .
Dear r. Ashby ,
Yesterday I as in Green eppe Cafe or a meal ith collegus n I have se the advertisement fo a b at weekends in our cafe .
I am vey interested in thi wk and believe that my empoment backgron is appropriate r it .
I am a Tourim student and I ne to or at weekends to y my studies .
I ha worked e year in London as waiter in Had ok Cafe and 6 month as waiter also in Baromi 's Cf in Brli .
So I have experine in service , costumer cre and workin long hours .
I Know o to prare diferent kinds of fd : sandwiches , fs and fries , haburers , Italian pas , etc
I am also very goo at dealing th eopl , I have ver h a complaint see !
I have oal avaiability at wekends a also in umme .
I spak Spanish , nglsh and eran .
Please , find attached a cpy of my CV , which exans on my experience and chieements .
I am looking forwr to talking ith you about e possibility of workig in this position .
I am availale to do an itervie hen it is conveien for yo .
Tank you for your time d consideration .
ours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaned dl Auna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major opc .
The id of eaving public transportati aside is wely supported in eveloped cutries , u this idea is rejected in dveloping ounties , like the on I lve in .
As a atter of fa , cr onerhip have increased ver e as decades reducing e aount of eole ing public trasport .
The possibily of traelling in thi on cars is much more convenent than ging by a us full of people or even wre , t ida of watng tme in a ong queue .
Nevertheless , you have another de to this reality .
There e pope who c n afford to have their own cars or mye the can afod to trave by n other means of transportation than the ones rovided by te oca govenment .
Ter re countries where gas is so exensive th people choose to pay the bus fee ather than paying for a ul ank .
imilarl , people in countries th ls ncom turn to these sevices becas it is a way to reduce teir overall expenses .
To conclude , the ture of pulic tranort will depn on h usage people iv it .
There wi be counties in whih there will be no ed f it , and in oters where tey will nd it as long as heir ecooy ees it .
People need sy , fst and cheap soluins .
In enera , uin a c is easier he taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near you hose or yor ofie .
You do n't ave to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering beaus of he ri or h snow .
But if yo a seey , tire , ored , or sply you do n't le to drive , you can find easier to ake a public transport .
And also moe enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music nd looking arou , or readig nwpapers ad books .
Is the ca faster then pulic transport ?
It depends .
he trffic can affect crs and buses at the same levl .
Sometimes ar are fastr te ues , ometims buses are faster .
Speed trains a alays faster he ca .
Seaking about money ? Traelling by a ees cheaper than blic tranpot .
Bt , if we consider al te expene ( buyn e car , paying the insurance , e . ) , maybe cars re n so eap .
In fat , in ery aspect hre are pro and cons .
Wha about the environmen and h quait of ife in he cites ?
Public trasort is bsoutely bette .
So , even if travelling by ar can be mre convenient at a personal level , blic transport hs to be prfrred by ood ciiens an strongly upported by ovrnments .
Infoal leter fr CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear a ,
Thn ou for your ettr .
I am delighted to hear you r thinking about rking in the summer .
From my experence working at th International company that oganises music fesivals , I can ssue ou tat it will be of get use to ou .
I am ot sue , however at hs o will et all your requirements . .
In my case , t onl oppotunity I go for suh activity was on the 2nd of July , when they alwed for a relaxing day at he festival .
Happiy you wil get the chnc to practise yo English skill .
In my case , I had to translate a oo amount of texts , an also help Eglish oursts to ge around .
Though if yu ar looking f additional wk experience you wl probabl be disappointed .
All I was sed to do in the rest of the ime was to ke phone calls and ake cffe r tourists .
All in all , e exprienc was beneficial .
I made peny of money , so I would n't worry bou avng enough or a nce holiday if I we yu .
We o deide wht to do , do not heiate to t me know !
Take ae of yourself ,
Fvius
T as f eeks hae been realy ough fr Michael .
Ti whole business state to get on hs neves .
He a to deal wih it , the sooner h better .
For n n hing is lear as y - e one he is in le with is Mlia , not Angelina .
he one he dtes is Angelina , nt Malika , hat 's the problem .
He ca n't ump Ay just ik tt , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to pt to to hs withou hurting anybody .
So e , e deciion is ae .
He 'll break up wih er .
Probably , even tomorrw .
It al stted in such an idiotic way .
he door of h room as opened , he came out of the bathroom it jus a towel around hs waist d Angein appned to pop in to orow a ligter or atches or smthing to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really ay why ey ended up haig sex - perhaps , at he ime he ws issed at himself for not haing ball to t the gr he lod becaus of l the regious issues , Mlia 's family nd so on , but this is what apened .
And tht definitely was no the right thng to do .
At h moent he dd n't reale tat .
Only after , when Angelia let , Michael cloed the door ad ere he knew he had made a he mistake .
Da Sir or Madam ,
I am witng to apply for the post of a ummer cap councellor currently advertised on ur website .
At te moment I ave pased te send ye of secondary school and I am waitg fo the egining of my fin year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing ts job , hich wl be er useul in the futre .
I peak Englsh , eran a Polish and as a councelor it is vey handy .
I am very usd to dealing with yung peopl as lst ea I worked at a cout cap .
Moeover , I ud to ork as a volunteer hen stl in pimay chol - onc a wk I woul go to a cal club to hel childre with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliale and well - organie and I can take contrl of difficult situations . I am talnted when it comes to ntertaning people , which mht ome in very useful in my rl as a summer cm councellor .
I am aso an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a quaified lifgard .
I atach a reference om Tomasz Jaworska , h was my boss at he sou camp .
I would appreiate an opportunity to discs my suitablty fo his pst in an intrviw .
I ok forward to hring from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would lk to talk but my school life .
I 'm seveneen eas od n I 'm an elctonic ' student fr Itly , in t north .
I wish to be a great engineer on day so I 've decided to cotnue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my mar cold prove it ; I have woked hrd since the bginning of te sool yea .
Thee days I started stdyng Eglis in particular becuse it is te mot importnt anguge in th orld , so I eed to know it ell if I want to communicate with other peple rom other cutries .
School is my if : I study about seven hours a a , especially mats and electronics th a the subjects tat I like mo .
My teches e very god at her ob so I hope to be li tm one day .
Th g probl in my cls ar e maoriy of my classmates : the ae hopeful at schol and they wate time doing nothing at school a I hink ev at home .
Te tig hat moe annoys me is hat they copy l te time rm me ad h other ood students .
Howver , I do n't hate them at all ; te are very funn d kind ople wn the want .
Cong ak to my dream , I wol like to arr on with my tuies in Londo , at te Iperial olege .
I hope to be at a good Englh lvel because nxt ear I am going to ke the intermedite crtificae of English and en I am going to y enr at ti scho even if I nw tat it 's vey dificult ; the Imperial college of Londn is one of he most imprtant universitie in the whoe world .
Puerquitour : A great experience to or mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find peol who enjoy the food as much as I do , because h calories , th ils they re going to gain and a tht stuff .
I arrived at Mxic City n month ag n I met an old fiend from igh school , Vicene .
We dicoveed ou fascination with ood a ' T Pueruitour ' ws born .
The a brainstor about els and places to visit began .
h frst day started in an imortnt ate … ao Day !
Tacontento a th plce we hoose an we really enoyed almbre al pastor n rilld onions , accompaid by cld beers .
D to Puerquitour is something to shae , the second day we hared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate aos , but this ie they were spial .
The nm of t place is acos La hue and tacos ae goret there .
It means that they hve different tae of tortillas -vanila , strawberry , chipote , nopal , and walnut , amog othes- and salsas -tamain , guava , ango , guacamole , t .
That day d not finih wit th cos , after a walk in Refoma n a long pause in The Independence ngl we went to movie thatre to watch t art ove enir while we ae crepe .
Thi day a oe of my fvourie , the plce is ooooo ic and te decoration ad een h atire of the waitresses make you el ino the 50s .
La Ppa upa , wic is located in La Codesa , offers baked otatoes with ame of famous wmen n love drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar zl Resturant , in the north of Mexco ity , a the allcation for the fourth ay of Puerquitour .
Seaood is delicious thee , my recommendations ae breaded shrimp , fi fillet an srimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Fifth ay , it wa time to at ore taos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguese .
You hv to be starving to t a molcajte by yourself , it is jus o mu o one person , so if you d not ke brekfast it is a good optio or o c share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to as for a litter of beer .
Almost a week in h Puerquitour .
The sixth dy s to celebrate Maga 's fial est , a friend fr igh schol , who already presented it to get th aster Dree ; and e arwell of Vicente , o is already at h S , a hat I wil go to the UK .
Because we lke t fod , we ceebrated eating in Memelas b .
u ca n't go thre an do n't e memelas , that is like uarache but biger d vy deliious .
T dessert ?
c cream in Tepozneves .
Becse Vic was amos with a foo in the U , we spent al day tgether .
Seventh ay tarted with a really nice breafst , goure sandwiches a rose petal tea .
Tn we went to a ok fair d isted some bookstores downtown .
The lan ws to dinner at Hlara Gastroar r al te od ommets abot it , b hat y it was closed ; so we dcded to eat at El Hquito the traditional Al Pastor Specil accompand by lack be .
The last y of h Puerquitour a accomplished with my favourite dessrt , a sraberry heeseake at Starbucks nd a long talk abou notin and everthing .
I loe to end time oig wat I like nd wih people I lo .
Do n't orgt to practise d enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Tse irst two chapters extracted fom rea Expectatons by harles Dicns introduce a yung bo known as ip .
his i as en rised by s sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his on huand .
Sadl , P s no orune in any possib y .
Moeover , he is just a regular kid with a terrle life .
Beside thi , Pp seems to be a shy and ielligent ki .
He does not u complex words when he talks , but he uses thm when he nrrates .
Also , his lfe would be prfec to create a dark comedy bsd on the undesirable lif of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tomtones of h parents .
Obvously , nobody wod like to lv his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel dness eadng these chatrs and , finly , like him .
At leat , I el sory r h and I wul ike to find tha is tory ha a gd endn .
He looks like a good oy tt ives in hell and the Del is hi sister .
Neverteless , the narrato is the truly protanist d the ay to tell the actions is th easo why te story an connect wit the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protgonist , bu telling the tory as an dult .
And e author es nt try to decribe the protgonist with words , ut with actions .
The narrao did nt s an escription of the protagonist apat from is ame .
Alo , te arrator mainly us direct speech , but he only uss indirec speech in ust a w occasions referring to his own words .
Ths excepti n be read at th d of th fist chater , were the narrator anwer he thif writing that he said ht he wold get i t ie , and ha he ould get im wha boen bits of fod he culd , nd he wud come to e tief at the Battery .
Apart rom this , he just writes xactl what the caractes ai .
Th voice is in firt person and us a subjective point of viw .
He oly kns ht he ees an he think abo it , bt he dos not ae any omniscient power .
However , his poer cod be aalyzing a describing the stuations wih a rich vocabulary ad in a reflexive w too .
Also , he descrie hs rents in a hlrious way , imaging is father as a suare , tout , dark n , wh curly black hir jst looking at their tombstone .
These twisted ad creave thoghts e spread al over th text , accoanied by een mor twisted reflectios like at te e of t irst captes , hen he describe the man who stole him as man afai of e dea bodies in the graveyard just because he sa m huggig imelf .
Beside hs , the characters of the novel seem to be nhapy , living a sad d borig lf tha pushes em to aue ou protagonist , wh e exception of o .
The narrator os n make an effort to describe psychologically the oter chracters , he ocuse on thr apeaance .
Actually , we oy know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her huand and es brother suffer d she is worie ore about what thei neighbors ink about er rather than worrying about the person ho live in his wn hoe .
h arraor describes her as woman tht h earnd a good reputation ein aggessie ih is little brothr .
And we know that o is a god man because h protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natued , swee - tmpered , asy - going and foolish , bt that is al we know about he .
Alo , te way e charaters tk is opposed to t w the narrator wrts .
In fact , the dialogues of ech charctr are not longe an more an tw sentences , with the nly exception of e thif that talks aot hs prtnr in twlv log enteces wit cmplex tructure .
This kind of stucture is idel used by the narrator , but t characters usually al wth short d simle entences .
Fo instance , here is an extrt of the narrator at te beginnin of the second chapter :
" My sister , r. Je Gargery , was more thn twety years old than I , and had estblished a gra reputation with herself an he nighbours becaue he had brouht me up " by had . "
ving at that time to find out for mself wat th expression meant , n knoig hr to have a hard and heav an , and to be mch in th habit of laying it upon her husand as ell as upon me , I supposed at Joe Gagry a I wre both brought up by and . "
On the ther hand , he dialogues ae smpe n shorter :
" w loke here , " he id , " the question ein hethr you 're to be let to live . ou know
what a fl is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And yo know what wittl is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreovr , the vocabulary used by the narato is opposed to what t characters said .
P uses a rh vocabulary , using a t of metl ebs n astract concep tat are usuall spired by concrete hngs .
e mah pointed on te first chapter is good example .
Regardless , th diaoues are writn xctly as thy wee sid .
T hief id " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is sai , making it oe realiic .
Nowithstaning , he w his nvl is narred is he proagonist .
The evens are narrated in a mysrious w , telling us wha hpened in a realistic story - line without flashbck .
Te story is arrated as it hapens .
Te second chapter makes reference to he fist n revea something abou th thif .
lso , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narato reveals n so much about h or h other characters , b he rites about he esetial things we should no hrough he ext .
The thief isappears , bt the first chater ending make us feel curious aou thr next meeting .
Theefore , I do nt know how the stoy will e .
To mu mystery nd ut a w fact can be rea in hse chapters .
All I kno is tha hi story will no have a happy ning .
Probbly , h tef will take Pip to an unwanted adveture ta wi mae him growin up faster .
I would ie to rd a sry whre Pip ed as he starts , at he graveyard .
ke anther brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I wul like to read a tory without tale , jus a regular mn who died while he w learnin to live .
Obviously , is would be dffcult as he narrator voc clarly comes frm a person who ivs while he is writing .
This is obvious wh he makes referece to h fac ta hotography did ot xist hn he was a kid .
Cnsequentl , eading these chpters is a plesure , but it is difficult to tell what is gig to happen or , at is moe , wht t author is tryig to transmit .
If e story ha a happy ending , ten the central them could be getting vr adersities ; if nt , it is a sa stor .
An ke that it was going to be a very specil day fr her .
She has been witing so ong for hi day to cm .
It was h a when se was going to met her biological mother .
She ne she wa adoptd snce she was 7 years o becase her arents told r bot it .
She did t fee bad about it because she lvs er parents vr muh and e feels loved by thm .
Afr her 18t bithay , Anna felt a sudde necesity of knowing what happened to e bilogial mother and wy dd e gve An awy .
Atr finding he adopon papers h coacted the adotpon agency .
Se convinced the dy at the agency to give e the name of the biological othe of " her little siter h h a dease an needed to know if er bilogical mother would be a matc r a kidny traslant " .
Ev though it w illegal , e lady gv her t name nd the contact one number of Sa ielding , her bological mter .
A ont pasd by bere se h the curag to dial that nmbr .
She hesitated seval tmes becaue he wa afrd of her moer 's rjection .
ftr a ew seconds , a womn picked up the phone .
At te beginning nna did ot say anting , she col t tter y sound .
But th sh sad " hello , my nme is Anna and I think you are my othr " .
After another few seconds of silence , nn hed her mohr crying and asking lots of uestons .
They agreed to met the next day in the rk .
She was gong to have so mn answers to so many questios .
Anna will be able to fnaly cose an important hater in her life and tat is why he kne ha it was gong to be a very peial y .
The mos xciting day of my lif .
Last summer I wen on holidy in Sardegna , in Itay , wth my family .
On the first da I ws vey angry because my parents id n't tak with us Ilaria , my est frin .
But I changed my mind when I heard at h rdio ta Felix Sandmn , a wedih singer , a on Holiday in Sadegn near my ote !
I ove him and my dream w to mee hi , b I kw it s impossible and my parents d n't wn to drive me to is hotel , so I w quie sad .
Unexpetedly , the thr day , hle I was wmming in t ea , I sw soe peope in the disnce an som cameras , but at t momet I thuht thy were making a ideo .
Then , I ralised th boy at the centre ws n't a mple oy , He was Felx !
So I nt toar the cro d when he sw me he miled .
I a really exciting !
hen I went to hi and he too a photo with me .
He tayd thre a ew our d I snt the es d of my life , askin i some quetions and snging s sons .
When he left I as sad but also really happy .
Th w certaiy the most exciting day of my ife .
L'Albero , the Bes Pizza West of Iay
O of my favouie restaurants that I am always hunry o is L'Alero izzeria , ocated in he Huelin neighourhood .
As o enter h restaurant you know the pzza is going to be good .
The walls re covered wit trohes and photographs for e worls bs pizza .
The spae is family friendly , a prfec plce to celebrate a bitday or me friend .
My onl complaint is there ae too an delicious choices on the nu , it is oftn difficult deciing what to order .
So a I have eve be disappointed .
To start , you must ry the Rose Wid alad , it 's a reh , laourful alad ta is sered in a owl ade of pzz crust .
As a mn dish , you ca n't go wrog odring on of their pizza 's , all a mde esh to odr in eir auhntic Italian iza oe .
Besides the great atophere and the dicious eat , the service is friendly an efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining h mnu to customers .
Aso the prices are incedibly ceap , it 's around 12 euros er person for w differnt dishes , drinks ad desert .
I ompetely recomend tis terrific restaurant to anyone who is pasioate about rat fod for an even better alue .
I promse ou wo n't be disaointed .
The bet aces for young eopl in Dblin
This reprt looks at the est places to visit in Dublin for young pepl fom a different ountry .
It is bas on a suvy of th yon pple from Witehal College as ll as my wn opinion as a peranet resident in he area .
It seems that the ajrity of those surveyed ae of t pinin ha the bst place to visit fr yog people would be Tempe Bar .
It offes a wd variety of activities le museums , a cinema , a vry lrg green aden and many pubs to choose fro .
he onnie Fox Pb as highly recommene , it offes an opportunity to listn to traditional music , atch dancers perform d njoy a nice meal in e ple .
The Odeon cinema offers a mltile choice of movies in 2D n 3D n a discont fr stuens on Wednesdays .
he Dublin Wx Museum was suggete by many students .
Seeral people said tha aional Botanic Garde is he best place for students to meet an spend tm outdoors .
On the wole here r civities to tak prt in a many laces to visi dpendin on students prefernces d financs avaiable to them .
It is true that pole everywhere lk watching sports .
Sports starts being admed by youh ad cn imprint a model of behavior on the yung 's mid .
In this essay th sides of he psitin statd above will be analyze before my ow perspective is provided .
Fr one point of iew , top athletes are good mdels to emula or several reasns .
Firstly , watching the uccess of such athlets , tenagers start to desire to be like hei idols and to flow professionl sports .
This mas thy will wnt to play spts , hch is essentia or their health .
Secondly , din sports also teaches pricees lfe lessons , sh as disiplie and dealing wt ucces and falur .
Te importance of working hard to achieve golы a ractiing regularly to bece ood at soething re ls demonstrated by profsional sportsmen .
This is a good exale for youngsters to ollow .
Frm another prpective , sometimes professional athletes are not good roe models .
Firtly , sport has bcome business .
Mny sports stars are only concned about mon and fame .
Ths can lad adolescnts to believe at money an fame e an imporant pt of sprs insead of leaning how to lay wl n avin he f of t ame or the competition .
Secodly , tre e thse athets who behave digustinly .
For xaple , so tke drugs or cheat in order to win at y cost .
It gos without saying , that this nd of behavior ends a wrng message to th yun .
In cclusion , there re a nmber of dvantages n disadvantages in regrd to professional sportsmen as good rol mdels fo youn people .
On balanc , I am ncline to lieve tha professional athltes can be excellent role models fo he youth , as long as tey represent the sitive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and e Brone sisters ue the ae syl : realisti style .
Ty are influend by e surrundng in whic they lve : Dickens the city of London wile th Bronte sises the aural lansape of the Yorkshire .
Dickens ad Charlotte Bronte ten use h fist peson narrat or the poin of view of the protagont of the sty .
Their realism is differe : in fac Dckens ' sty is tht of sentimentl ralsm in which he ixs pahs an cmedy , li charctrs ta tend to be caricatures of the vices n virues he wish to prtry , hie the Bronte sister us reastic tle lac with Romantc nd Gothic elements , ik Byronic male hroes and fema protagonists th r psychologically comle .
T graph illustraes t four diferent sources of consumption of fish and other at in Eroean country fom 1979 to 2004 .
Of he give source , the overall ih d meat cosumtion ranked fom neary 60 grams pe rson per week to roughly 0 grams per person per ek .
rom the 4 source ate , 3 of them rmaied a steady decle with h xception of icken consumption whih a risen ver he 25 year perod .
Oly fish consumton shwd ltte cane durng the peid , begnnng ad ending at approximately the same the evel of 52 grams per person per wek .
Bt lamb consumption and the category labelled beef hd a decline trend between 197 and 004 , although maintained a decrease ovral , with lm consumption falling fo a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to ut over 50 grams pe perso pr week in 04 an bee consumption falling fro arund 3 grams per person per week own to just over 10 gram per person er week .
Chicken consumption was the only soue of mat consumption which laboated stabl clibng ro 150 grams per person pr ek to the higest consumpion 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is eviden fm t graph ht sm sectors declned , other rose d one remained tady consuption oer th 25 yea pa .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My me is Dmtr Lavrov .
I 'm a potdo in Russian Cancer Researh Centr .
r la wors along with Alexis Hrvieux on his sty of arpin .
Rcently he has isied Moscow and whie we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the pportunity to work on ostdoc posion abrad .
And since my great iteres is to develop my skils in microscoy and digtal iae analysi while working in th iel of cell biology Alexis told me to try ad contact u .
O conversation wih Alexis and yor own publcations - ll supports the suggestion that workin in or ab aparently will rovid auable opportunities to master methodoogcal and resach kills .
N to mention e paticipation in pineerig stud .
My ow work is dedicated to he study of changes in cl - el contact and in actin cytokeletn that take plc uring neoplatc transformation of epithelal cells .
Earlier I had a publication in Po One with description of dissimilariies in oraniation n reglation of adeence junctios associatd with diffrent tpes of ctn bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cel .
Thereafter I studied accumulation of vaiou actin - biding protis and actin sofors within adherence junction in normal n ransormed cells .
On the coarse of this nestigation I have btined some promising esult which I 'm going to reot on he FEBS - EMO conference which wil ta ace in Pars in th beginning of septeber .
As I 'm preparing mterials for the nex pblication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my pper in t attachment .
mitr Lrov
P.S. ere are my CV and a copy of my paper in te atachent .
I am writing about an imprtat istoical plce which is my favourite one , I am referrig to Lugo city .
I visited Lug last umer and I enjye mysl vy much .
I wlkd hrough h old city , throgh it beautiful quars n parks and I visited t numeos hurches , ncluding th cathedral .
here are a lot of aces in ugo worth visiting .
F example , you a wak arou th Ran Wall , hih s ben delard a protected UNESCO World Hrtage Site in 2000 because it is the ony Rom Wall in t wol tht is complete .
I ink tat Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lo of shops whr tourists d visiors can by souvenirs an the re many retaurant wher you can e delicious and typcal dihes , for exape , octopu .
In Lugo , my traditional parties and festvals take place .
Aong th most importnt I can mention San Foián d Arde Luc .
From 4th to 2h October Lug holds s San Frolán Fiestas .
San oilán is a estival of National Tourist Interest .
This festival is edicate to e ci 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Gaician cstume and folklore .
Another important fstval in Lg is Ad Lucs .
It is celebrated in Jne .
During this fstiviy , Lug becomes the 3 ctury town nc again , so you a see Roman cicus , Cltic weddngs , rtsan arkets , man usical events taking plac d locl people and vistors get ito eiod cotumes , uch as glaiators and Rman mperors .
I ecommend u visit Lugo in June because Arde ucus is clebraed .
You cn enjoy traditional oman customs and Roman lif in Ad Lus .
go is and incredile ci and it is iportant in te hisoy of my country bcause it is fl of hsorical pacs , festivities which ow ad prform preis periods of h history of Span , sch as the Celtic riod and the Roman period .
The igger the city , bigger he problem .
h town is the 2nd largest uban agglomeration in he counry , producing daily large amouts of wase . "
City X " has no specific wast ispoal pln , but a edral lw establishes a due em until 1st July .
Despite it , the are a f lns to increase the green aeas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing nw measures to achieve he Council 's goals .
The analysis wl consi of evaluatng h Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In acord with te aorementioned , he mount of gbage produced dring th years 207 nd 2010 ore than dobed , 86% of it scarded inaequaely .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Woms " program ver te disposal problem . "
iy X " incinerates hosptal residue , in accordance with leal reqirements , and se 7% of the grbag prductin to recycling factries .
The recycling factries have a joint venture with h municality to or wae , an show a result 20% btter than lt ya .
T program represents 2% of the employment in the cty , t it neds to epand .
he city has many projes uh as th " Keep it lan , kep it beat " , wose goa is to romoe proper dspoal in the public areas .
Anothr iportant one is e " e 's make it green " , responsil o ncreasing the green aas within the ity in 150% durn the ls two years , consisting of a combination of pblc and privat inestment in reforestato of rural and comunal reas .
A later crucial acivity a he " Gre omunities " , currently caryin 38% of te total amount of consumed vegetables in the metrolitan ea .
A municipal waste polic tat intgrtes prate and public sectors n te community is required to solv te curen problem .
The ciy needs a jnt venure to support a functional and sustainable commrce of recycled rubsh .
Te increase of gre aas represent a significant improvement in the qualit of life ccording to the SED reort of 01 and al fits in 16 of 20 requireents of a city of the future .
Ms of the " Recycling Worms " pblem is caused by his lac of traning , which can be reolved by training offered in te surrounding niversites .
It is a good idea to tak a ya f beween leaving school and starting university , because you cn have lot of new experinces .
or example , you cn travl to new plaes .
Another idea is y can work , you n fd a ob and en moy befor o start universit .
Moreover , sometimes people re tired when they finish school becaus of the eam so they need to have me tm to rela .
ou an travel to diffrent countries if you ha tm , I wod like to go to Aa , Thailand or Chna .
ut you nee to ea money if you wa to travel , so you an first wk n hen travel .
You c find wo as a waitr or in a shop .
However , soe people think you should go to university immediatly after u fnih schoo beaue if u do n't , you forget what you ae learned in school .
But I tink you an also learn if yu travel or if yu wr so that is a god id so , especially if you find a j related with ha yu wn to study .
We live in a ti when everthng hanes quickly .
A technological development make people belve tat in the fuure everything wi look li in ciene - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines d rbts .
We 'll ave a possibility to coos on which planet we wa to iv .
d what about houses ?
ll eple 's homes be different or still te ae ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
he avan - arde nd futuristic pojets of houses il be he mos desirable .
The houses will have , for exampl , the shape of a sphere or ilo .
Some of them might be turned upside dn .
Sometimes hey will be ome kd of a modr art ad it will be hrd to descib a shape .
A what but interior ?
In our sevice tee wil be more achnes n robots with an articial inteligence .
Th will practically do everything : cean , oo , reind us what we ave to do and also seak with us like an averge man .
In prcice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waitng for a commad .
Eerything will be artificial ad uncozy .
That 's o I e a home of th fuure .
lad to har th you 've been invited to attend the last round of intevie next month !
I realy oe to ork with o someday !
To make su o e t position sucessfully , her ar sm usul advice and information you migh want to know .
At t nerview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great impotance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , ressing as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits d ties f in wll wt th forml ccasio .
Sutabe dresin comes aross as effectve ad eliable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers ave to cope wit tight chedule evryday so te are n't willin to spare one re minute to wait fr a cnddate ho 's late somehow .
Thid , being prepared .
As t old syig goes , wl pepard is half ne .
You 're pected to know somehin about r cmpay , s proper question and communiate effectively ith inervewers .
If o can ler as much owledge bout u company as u ca up fron , you really stnd a chac in the iterview .
ince yo 've ppied for e ale assistant in te ses department , the sles manager will be interviewing you .
He sated ou his career as an accountat , ut he as fed up ith dealing wih numbers l da ng .
Pus , he 's wilng to communicte with othrs d tak on new challenges so he transferred to h sales dpartmet o ear go .
He got promoted vy quicky becuse he alway broht frh new ides ad facilitated the reform ad development in the deartent .
In his eyes , wha cuns most is t track recrd n the caailities shown in t peviou wring experiences , so he might ask you sm qustions like what you achieved and how o fet about or last job .
I hope what I mentn above will be of some help to yo .
Loking forward to hearin from you son .
ts of Love ,
ris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in conection wih ur advertisement regarding jbs at summer camps al vr the USA .
Since my mother ongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic an hard woking , I believe I am a suitable candidate fr te aforementioned osition .
Additionlly , as a tenagr , I suervied a Wolf C pack of eiht to twelve - year - olds , an ofte organised sprs nd evning activities or them , uch as treasur hunts d apr cases .
orover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in e college canteen as a kitchen help , a progressed to the poiion of cook .
Bcaue of all e above points , I think I am a suitable person for th job .
Yurs faithuly
I find it quite dificult to ind an ae of improvemnt given Andres 's outsanding overall performance .
Yet , oftentimes , being vely respectful y play agant him ad althoug he has gained the resect of all the people he has worked wh , some of them suggsted he soul build up is self - cnfience , rather hn end up attempting to cover eveyone 's back nd taking ownership fr other people 's mistkes .
If I h my own language school I would firs bear in md a mai goal : raiing pulic awareness of my languae chool ad te services it will provide .
Then I ould trt gathering some nformation about the arket , hat is to say , soca trends , population statistics such as age , gender and fmiy type , potential customers and comptitos as el .
By dng so , I ould be bl not only to idenify the tengths and weakeses of my prdut and to imrove my peformance but als to dntify customers ' eds .
ter that , I wud me a ls of aret arets nd devce se trtegies to attract hem .
r instance , if my go was to increase young peopl 's awareness , om strategies cud be to inease olie ocal mda presene by posting reguar update about my languge schoo on Twiter and Facebook or to off discont fr sibblings .
Instad , if my goal a to increase adult 's awaees , adertiing in lol newspapers or oferin intensive curses could prove sccessfu .
Howevr , if h rget market were both , young people and dlts , ofring discounts for amily roups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a saff of prfesional , experenced and qualiid achers a to set an attractive and easoable ric for the service I would provid .
Last bt not eat , I would tes ideas and approaches on utomers and staf to make se that my marketing plan suceded .
Ad u ?
Hav yu ever thought abot h you can prmote your language curss for exmple ?
I chalnge you to think bot it a try it .
According to recent reseach , tere are no doubts tht naturl ga driling ig , natural gas pipeines ad undergound g storage cotriute to increasi wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the area of natural gas infrastrcture rn from a few to several rcent more than thse h liv in other regio where suc an infrastructure does n't exis .
Another advantage is tat developing natual g industry eqals w jobs what is profitable f eple living in weeabouts .
Exploration nd xtraction of the shale gas will creae lots of new jobs in ey different branches connecte wit gas industry for insance in exporation , mning , production n dstributio of sale gas .
We can not ignore the ct that compnies hic cooperate wi this infrastructure will ls reate aancy os .
Een if cmpanes will ire engneers and spcialists ostl from abroad , the wl be upgroh in a number of job positions in asronomy an hospitaiy zoe as they ee to ea and sep somewhere .
According to te dynais of evelopent of the natural as nfrastructure , there will be constnt development in gastronomy and ospitalty sectors as wel .
he osciusko Istiute conducted a research wch hos tat Poland can beneft fo extactin and developng the infrasructure of shale a
rece is an amazing cuntry that a lot of people isit annually .
When planning thei acaton a lot of tourist a faced with the dilem of which places to vst .
Coosing where to go in Grce an be hard as there are so my choices .
There are some rave destinations that defintly tand out , su as Santorini .
and beaches , crystal clr wtrs a the frinly locals r nt the ly this th set it apart ro other islands .
Sntorii also has a olcano hic is a petacular sight , even though explorng it can be dangerous !
Anohr place worh visiting in Gree is Athens .
Believe it or n , Athens is oe of e os autiful ctie in te wrld .
The Parthenon , he cropolis Musm ad th district of Monastiraki r just a f of the things hat peope love about Athe .
La bt not lest , Crete is on of h mt spectacular islands in reee .
Other than having beautiful say beaches n being the laret ilan in Greece , eopl can isi he ater prts parks there , which a extremely fun !
Summing up , Grce is a beautiful country worth vistin , although choosing where to go can be har .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the ex or few days a gin to be enough .
In my prsona experience , I believe that it 's muh better to prpare for a lg time befe any exam u a fac in our li .
It 's quite important to be rganized to e e highest score you can ge in your exam .
For exampe , one yer ag , I ha my finl surgery exam .
I a set up a plan to study all the ook we had to go through f the exm plu revieing them twice .
h plan requred my comitmen for aond a 12 hour daily study fr alms 3 mnhs .
For the hard work and pefet diciplie , I was ble to get a very hih score in my Surgery finals .
If I ha n't had sc an orgnized plan , I would never have got uh a perfct scoe .
Another thing to add is not being sressed before the exam night .
It 's qte normal to ave hi bac feeling of big tresse a nervous when exams e appoching .
What is o nomal at al is having anxiey due to t pletora of studs o hven't fiished and are includ in your ea .
Fo exmle , I oe d a chemisry eam in hi chool and I w ignorant enuh to neglect my studies thinking that I still ad nough ie to ace my exam .
Two ds beore my exam , I ralized that I ran out of time .
I ad insomnia te night of my ex , it was n't nough tht I s n't wl prepared b ao my neves ot torn o ad that afeted my sores tremendousy .
ver sne I do eerything in is due time in order nt to be overly stressed n g o scores .
Moreover , if I i at getting igh scors , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If yo do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate me , y will on have enough time to know th boa lines of the suject , but this will never help yu soak e deils and understand h coepts lig ehind eve single ord .
Tht will lp you a lot en if you do n't get te chance to rvise eveything befe your exam .
I cn recall ha time when I as quite ill bfore my Anamy xam ; I could only go through the min ties of ah branch without goig throuh the deails .
In e ea , I ad hat question whee it requre dscribing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it prectly .
Since I had practiced a lot n meorize tat concept befre many times , I was abl to rememer it .
It s jus floodn thout so mu effort .
So , r sure having nough tie to memorize and prtice what you learn is going to hlp o a lt in you exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a lo tme praration pan is mu better ta havin nly f day to et prepared . If u want to g hg cores and prform greaty , ou should start studying fo d n if ossible .
Do n't u think o a orth getting h hihest scor one could aim at ?
In my opinion , nular enrgy as e bs chae to replace fossil fuels .
Frstly , clear energy is n't bad r e environment .
The rbon ioxide emissions is ve small .
The bggest threat is the explosion .
However , the technology is evoving d nuclear pwe plans ae gettig afer .
Secodly , nuclr power plants r alredy very popular an ts type of energy is the closest to eplac fssil fuls .
Energy which we t from sun n wi is til are nly a few percent of wrld eerg production .
Thirdly , only the constructio of a nucler pwr plant is expensive .
Whn we have a plant , maing energy fr hat is very cheap .
T mot expenve thin in nuclea plat is to hire qualifi pesonnl .
Besides , we ned someting that can wo all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when e wethe is bad , because people ned a lot of elctricit .
If we run t of pow entir cities could pluge the hos , and ts is unacceptabe .
Lima is the only South Amricn city whi is a capital and it is lcaed overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
La was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
Lma a a multicultural tradition , then in it coinid a complex mx of racial a ethnic groups ie mestios , European ervians which are the send laest grou and e minorit in La nclude Aymara and Quchua and Afro - Peruvians .
Li is h best example of coloization , imigraton , d indigenous influences such as th tay of Pre - Hspaic legay with architectural onumets , called " Huaca " .
The Historic Centre of La was dlared World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a cy ta keps s history rough an amazing achitecture ik balcoes , churches like an Francisco huch ich as mysteriou subterranean catacobs ; el Real Felipe whc is the last incredible Spaih fortress ; throgh their cotumes as ll as Carnival , this y you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you u water , paint or tlc to wet yr famil and eighbor ; tir typical dance caed " La Marinra " ; aso they ke teir istory troug religion were yu dicover e reigios nthusiam hich is represented by la Proeión dl Señor de lo Mlagros ; hei gastronomy is anothr extraordinary nd wonderful exple aut their ymbls , li Mazamorra Morada , el Piso Su ( wine ) , el eviche , o Picaroes , etc .
Lima is a beauiful ity of ontrst , wee you can fid a iverity of istorical , modrn d busess lces .
Archaoogical ste , beaches , lleys , natural eserves a h exqusite cuisine ive Peru 's capil an authenti prsoality and sightseeing in Lima is a unque a fantastic exprence .
Definitey , Lima is a sectaclar nd charming ct to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information bout opening a saving acount in t UK . I 've one som reseach to fin ut the best avngs accun fr u .
Below ou can find a few suggestions of min .
e Phone Ban mgt give quite a od offr for you .
Firstly , t rate of nterst is by 3.1% , whic is quite good .
Additionally , if u open a saving ccunt in ta ba , yu ill g a diary as a it .
And you do not need to pa any aual charg o having a credit card .
Unfortunately , t an os n't hve brances in Britain .
And ll banking operaions mu be done by hone .
h ecod bank , Royal Savings Bank , a many brance in the UK ( ove 650 ) , so ou a make all ak operatios on spot .
Bu hee is a service charge o owning a credit car ( £ 12 per year ) .
Yu do als get a gift as a new account holder , a ful st of saucepans ( do o really need it ? ) .
All in ll , I woul recmmend ou to oe yo frs serving acount in th Phone Bank , sice the rate of nterest is higher and y do n't nee to pa any annual charges .
And doing oerations by phone are actually very eas and they lwas give yu a great opportunty to imrve yr English .
The final decision is yours .
Take are ad e u ry soon ,
Yours Anieszka
To : L6@yahoo.om
From : oS7jM@yaho.com
Subject : An imprtant thing to do !
My dear Pal ,
I 'm wriing to tell y ho happy I am hat I h h opprtuity to be h chosen person to eal with the sound recording at Lay Gaga 's concert .
It mus have be my fried , Mius Boni , wo recommened me fr this evice .
I could n't beiev my ears when the phe an and I nswerd and the sa they wanted me to get at te oncet as soon as posibl to see h ood I w in oun recording .
What n I y ?
It 's be my ram ince hildhood ad now I wa ovewhelme we I relise hy hoght at me to do th r uc a great , important person in t world music industry .
I am la hat they we satisfied it my service .
I can hardl wait for u to se you nd to sae with my hapiness and to tell you all he details of ths unique experience ! ! !
Yrs ,
onut
I have been skiing for mst of life an I am ve nthusiastic abou it .
I stared hen I s six with equipmnt that s very aic compared to ht iers use hse day .
Every dy as on as I woke up I looked forward to my mrning on e sloe .
My parets woul ta me to a getle slope with my brother ad leav us there for a ople of hours to try siin on r wn .
The emprature was oft evral degrees blow zero , and o wul freeze if yu did n't keep moving up and dn th slp .
My brothr showed a ntural tlent fo the sport , u I ft quit uncomfortbe and scar .
Little by litt I improved my kiin skill n by the time I ws a teenager I rlly sartd enjoyig mself .
Nowadays I hav a lt of fn skiing because it ivs me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a gra sport , but I would recommend sartng as a child , taking a ew leons wit an experiencd intrctor a using th right equipment .
After six year of rigorus gh choo subjects and past xperiences , I hve no dobt that h prferences I 've selected aove are not accidental .
I am extrmely interested in gaing experienc in the usiness ield .
Te subjects I 've pursued at my high scol level such as financial accounting , commerce a economs has give me the opportunity to utili and put into perspectie h knowledge of undertandig busies cnepts and has ive me a sold acdemic foundation .
I 've also prticipatd in vrious group wrks nd cas projects while in ig school .
I am planning to in admison in he univrsity of my choce in oder to obtain a bchelor 's deee .
I woud ve to associate with xtremly tlented student , lectures a even professors in ord to receive a well rounded intouction to h numeus aspect of any of th prefernces I 've selected ove .
Acadmically , I 've alws be a very determned n studios individual a I would be more tan illig to devote mysef to e harwork neessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's dgre .
I also have an indubitable passion for etra - curricular activities .
I was the presint of te Business Studes Asocation ( BA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) an apain of the soccer chol team .
I am a ery good soccer payer who lay a midfield role .
Unertakig a scholarship and admission nto one of the universities I hav selected above il provide me wit the opptuniy to aply h nowldge gained at high school into a business settin , as well as develop the communicati , organisatin ad numeracy ills I have acquired at high schoo .
Afte I hea about th Czeh Goverment Scholarship , I deided to mak some research on Czeh Repblic beore akig ny se in applying .
I found out that zch epulic is a couty wh rich possiblities or students planning to sudy abrod nd is curently undergoing rapd soil changes n tansformation , makin it a faciating pce fo student of an discipline to stuy in .
Czech universities prvdes high standards of education , intrationally recognized degrees , oder capuses with outsandin facities , af an affordable educato warm a friendly environment and culturl diversity .
I believe at I wi hav th opportunity to experience bot modernity nd tradition in on if t safest nd most stable untries in Eurpe .
Aove l , the high qulty if ducaion il ke me reay for the future .
Another ajo reason hy I am being motivated to study in Czeh Reublic is ack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeia is now a joke as teahers a lecturer go on strik freuently , an learning in so parts of Nigeria are no safe !
Rght now , I am greatly oking forward to the hallenges of a uniesity lif acdemcally , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new busiess concepts coupled wt my pasion for exra - curricular acivities n communiy servie , wold mk me a competent dditio to th any of my proposed unierity and he Czech Republic Scholarship team .
I believe that I n ak a poiive contributio to my roposed univesity , as I will be actively involved in tuent eents a activities that will help to prmote a healty learning environment for l .
In conlusin , I cn assure u tt I will be a cpable an dedicatd studt ho has te committent d dedication to work hrd in der to be a grdute , whilst at t same time , conributing greatly to my propoed unversiy in more ways than one .
A o is mn 's bs friend
It is a we - kon fat tat pple ned to have communication with ohr people .
However , they are nt alay satisfied or aen io the society .
Thy sek solace in seone who hy would feel moe comforable with .
h bt eample is an anial with great qualites , a og .
g 's personality is n of hei bet qualities .
Alay friendly , bubbly and in a good mo , they ae great to sen time with .
ey feel when thir mser is ad and reat by uddling up to them .
It mkes ople frgt ll about ther probles and concentrate on the hing that rell atter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best a to rin back a mie on people 's face .
n tha is wt hey are there for , to ak peple happy .
hese hiry four - leged animals are als vr protetive .
One of their job is to wat out their human amily .
So if they sense that their wnr might be in daner , they immeditely react by barking at a person or a ting thing that might have caused it .
e stronger the ond bewee he dog d their own , th stronr te dog 's reaction ll be .
It is believe that dg reuie a lot of attention , which is not tru .
Ds re really not that har to take cae of , bahing and roming do n't ne to be done eve y , thy just need to be ed and walk egulary .
These pe need a e walk a a , wich could lso be good for their oner wo e spending al da at work or in school and need ome psical activity .
So hvng a d could so emid tem to live a healthier ife .
In conclusion , dg mke really gret pts .
Not only do th prtet ou fom nyting hat could do you any harm , but hir amzig personality n the loe hey show to y makes ou fe so warm and wnerful on the inside .
So if somoe really loes their pe , he wuld fid time to pay lot of attention to them , because , ty truly r an 's et rend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you agin ! I will give you se details out my expeience at " Z k adventure " , o of te st well - known centres in or country .
Firt of all , we started with a tiring assault couse , which conssed of climbing up prety shar lls d rawlig through diferen obstacles .
Atough it made me fee ehusted , I oun it extrmely enteaining .
Lukil , I was f enough to finish he exerise without having any probe , howver , o may need to rain a litle bit oe bore emaking on his activity .
ok climbing w another of te chllenges I had to ce .
Desite the act at it turned ou to be hrder than I h expecte , I managed to reach the summit .
ou ca n't imagine h rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of t untain , ftr sch a big effort!.
Furthermore , you wl be be to ractis canoeing . ou e likely to fel scared at rst , bu you confidence will be built up uicly , e to the constant support of your teachers .
On of he lt activitis oferd by the centre was divig .
I felt so overwhlmed that I d to give it up , so if you do n't wa to ms out this great opportunity to , trut your trainers , ice tey e highly qalified .
To sum up , I trngly believe ha you will hae a grt time the an I guarantee ou that al the techers meet with the safety ules , so you will enjy a ot without getting youself into trouble .
For all these rasons , ti cnte 's rally worth a vit
Write soo d let me kow if you need to know anything else .
With et wihs :
Sara .
I elt so excited hen I loked at the envelope on the dk of my om .
I checked t dress as quickly as I ould and I realzed ta I was rit , it was fom ris ...
My mother had wrttn me after months !
Sne sh ef to Pars last year I ha been living in t schl resienc , wih w n't ceerfl at ll , at made me fe rally depressed .
But I had her lettr at lt , so I startd to ad it immediael .
She told me that when I ws on holids I a to u self a plne ticke to Pais and go to viit her o at lat two monhs because e was missing me a lot .
It felt so god whn I saw that my moher had n't orgoten me .
I hd never traveled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a reat chance to improve my Freh and ped a lot of tme with my beloved mter in the city of ov .
ear r / Madam ,
Application for th Post of Chief Chinese Edit
I am wrting to pply for e post of Chief hinse Editr lisd at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a gradute of h Chnee University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Canoese n Mandarin ) and have over ten ear ' experience in publcation idustry .
Currently I am working in a rss as an editor .
I am an agressive , creative bt aeful erso w can wo independently .
On the oher han , I am alo a good eam player that c work el with coleagus , pesentabe with a strng sense of responsibility .
Attache lease find my rsum n prtflio o yor ference .
Please el free to ntact me by phone at 12345678 if you would lie to discuss my qualiicatios further .
I look foard to hearing om you so .
ours faithfully ,
hen Ki Tsou
Education is a milestone in u lie and having a good edcation is he main door to the labor maet .
Aware parents disappointed wih educational systems and institutionalized eduation tr to spt in homeschooling a solution for their children 's ducaion .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to so of these parents ' opiins , " a paved rod " , it
is a path n sutabl f eveyody 's cars and that compels us to eek thr rous .
Homeschooling shoul not be consdeed a wod - ide phenomenn sce nly a ew countres : e UK ,
nada , and especially the UA , can bost .
There r ots of countries tat do not
acep homeshooling as a legal altrnative so far an oths whe it is jst an isolated happening .
The sitution in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in ligh of our constitutional right to fre
edation meanwhile atendance is compulsory in elementry a secondary educato .
Educaional ad emotional fredom supor this aternativ way of learning .
Homeschooling may ls ree up time for complentary ctivitie uch as music , sports , and evn he family li .
Homeschooled studns ' succss has been bacd up by the esults on tanardize test d the recogniton of prstigios universities .
ow thog , befe hmeschooling your kids yu lso have to conidr he sae aount of roadblocks :
the lack of facilities or expertise , t enough soilization r your chldre , nding up bin a frutrated parent without enough oney to make eds meet .
As f as I am cocernd I want to think about oeschooling as a we up cal or educational
sytems .
Hwever , homeschooling wil ner succed if prents do not ha e ight skill .
As tradtional education sems to be exauted , w technologies oen up as " t
solution " and blend learning is h utre .
Geographic n natural environmet round t buldin spae , as wl as te neighbourhood , woud be suely taken into consideration while designing houses of e future .
Obviously , te future also indicaes a home ith more techoloy and very energy efficient systems .
In aeas exposed to cataclysms , sch as arthquaes , hurricanes nd loods , people should hav hei house bult of esitant maerils .
Steel or concrete structures woul give te eired ffet in this paticlar mate .
Environmentally friendly buldings wi be definiely on the drawing bord .
Built wh recyclble or recced material , h exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be l by daligt on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panls on the roof , hich is more and moe pouar een thee days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controled by cmputer in orer to maximise cmfort an nergy effiiency .
Urban hosng iues ( such as population grth ) il be solved by exploiti som new aras .
aybe it 's uilding castles in the air , ut houseboats an apartments situated above it streets seem to be a prfet solution to ue up space tht would otherwise be wated .
Although peopl would keep mllin er w to modrnize their fancy houe ( d bragig about it to neigbour ) , te will tll ned a wrm , cosy be and a nice cup of tea .
I supos that will ver change , ve if they ive in a concrete iory tower .
atch it or lose it
The pha d the mga of a good team is trus .
Tha 's the most importnt poi if ou want to play handball .
ou must be able to thrw the bl blindly to your teamae an he s to catch it .
Oherwise the opponent will have t chance to g a point .
re you a el em layer ?
Handball is oe of the most dnaic sports in hi world .
er eigty oits can be mad ll togeter in ity iutes , if o ee or .
This shows o rapily the gme can cange .
Oe lost al n make your team th loser of the game .
I started to play handbal wen I was 5 years old .
At frs , it was only a bby but with he years it became passion .
What I love mo abot this sor is , te sped n the uncoditional tea sprit .
If you want to practie handball , just be sre tt ou have a good em and do n't forget the fu !
Trithlo : A famous port throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society a become more conscious of he importance of practising a sport .
Clearly , this is a conequence of the etr hors we have to work pr da a as a way of relaxing , we nd din a sport as an effective w of taing e stress of u bodies .
In fact , we a se many people jogging ad cycing these days whete it is in t morning before ging to work or evn after .
espit these tw being h mot pular sports amongst atts , many more a just as interesting and prfitable .
One of them is triathlon , hch is my favourite srt .
It consist of a mitre between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging d as a reut it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practse it nyhere , ich ean I a do it ear ome instead of having to go to a sports cete .
It also man I c cose the lcaton that most pleases me and therefore fully njo the tim snt doing it .
Triathlo as becme mor populr oe te ast fe year and more and more pople are eage to try it .
herefre , it is crucial to understand that improving in uc a dmanding sport require tm and is is impotat to establish so goal in rder to ep motvated .
You ms n puh yurself too ar .
A gap ea btween school nd olege sons a grea idea for those that av o dcidd wht they want to study .
However there ar som quesions hether it should be verone or nt .
Fit , I would lik to pt th arguments in fvur of the year off .
o everybody has he finanial posibilities to pa for cllge , so takig a gap ea to earn money to ep ih the bll it is time well spe .
ut that it is not the only reason to take a ea ff .
Most of the peope think at thi year is to trael to oter countries nd spend ll your im at arties , u this is t true , you ca travel to deelop your culture an do volnteer work , so y n bcoe a ette person .
On te oer hand , many teens who tak a yer off en up to end it in th wrong wy .
For example , tings migh ne n as they had exected for multiple reasons sch as not having enoff mny or nt eting a b .
In conclusin , peole should tae a ya off , b only whe they have all planed and ko for shoe that thy have the possiblity to do something uefu with their ti .
Hlo , my name is ida , I am 27 years od d I am ging to ta js a mute of yo time to explin why hiin me wll bnfit your organization .
I am currently stuying in my fourth an final year of a degre in turism at the niversity of h World Heritage city of aceres , whih is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptinis in a fou sars hotel durin 2 months and a half in Bdajz .
I already ae skills in lstening closely to ustomers d ad understanding of ront desk opeations .
My previous experiece working abroad in a hotel would be useful to or company .
I am lexibl , a gd team player , and caabl to ok uner pressure .
My mother tngu is Spanish , t I am abe to spk English uently ad I have a pe - intermdiate leel of Italian as we .
Talking bot my nerests , traveling is one of the mst aciviies I enjo , in orde to scover new plaes and cutures .
I also oe meeting new people rom aoter countries and xchange lanuges .
Yu may contt me through fHJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or jst al me on 6 12 34 56 .
Thanks so muc f taig the tme to listen !
" Frme Gie of a " is a fantasy stry written by J.R.R. Tolken .
Set in England in the ist cenuies of the Middle Ages , th toy is about the adventres of Gles , a farmer of t villa of Ham o becmes a heo aainst h wiss by defeating a iant .
Wen t dagon Chrsophyla comes and deastates everytng , he is se tce gainst him , not ony anaging to defet hm thanks to th agi sword Tailbiter , but also obtaiing a hu treasure .
At the end of the str , Giles becomes an ineendent king .
I liked a l this story fistly because I ve fantasy stories , epecialy Tolkien 's ones : ty bring me to aother univers , making me forget every d 's le .
Secondly it is ery oiginal ecause it is a sor of parody of taditonal lgeds : the her is an ordiar eron , knights revea erful and nompetent an cases are won ith words instead of weapons .
I wou rcommend this story to everyboy because it is funny an adenturous and Tolkien 's ironc style , bad also on the comia use of Ltin words , makes it extmely pleasant to rad .
Dear Sir or adm ,
I am writing this lttr to apl for e position in A Summer mp ha I sa dvertised in ou locl newspaper .
I am nterested in workn in th Educatinal Intitutions , or in the ocil Cre .
I hve recently graated fm he Social Sienc University in Psychology n receid high degrees in both my Teaching a upervisig Crses .
In addition we had to ae on ye of volunteering in Youh Supervising environment in preparation f our finshd assingment , so I am ale to be a member of your well skilled staff .
Sice I was 13 yars old , I ha elpd my parents wih upbringing my fou june siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizaons as supervisor d uto .
In the pat w years I hv worked in the cout Organzation , hepng area mnage to organize activities or hildre .
This experience has ivn me the ability to cope ith h neds of a types of children 's personalities .
I hv a friendly , apy persoaity an in that I enjoy the halnges of rking in outh envirnment .
In adition , my studies n experience I have auht me to be acurte ad efficient in orgizing my wor , so I woud be a valuabl addition to your team .
I look forward to earing from y .
Yours faitfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does taveling broaden your mind ?
In my opino , travelling doe boaden ur mind .
When visit different places , yu ge to see diffrent environments , cultures , people and even different languaes .
Travelling helps yo to develop as a person in many ways .
Fr example , if ou larn another language diffrent from yr w one , ve if it is just a ew bsc sentences , o can comunicate with pple om difernt regions and ou iprove ur confidence .
Travllig also help to e t way in which other people liv , to se ta yur wa of liing is t t only one that exists .
This n hel you to undrsand ht nt everon hs acs to many thigs u do have acces to , and to ralie that perhaps you shod appreciate these thig , such as smartphones , computer , cars or even frsh water , which is a basic resource an we ed to te fo granted that everyone ca have som water to drin even thuh this is not te .
Besides , whn we rvel to differnt places we e tre are many different cultures ht ifer greatl from our own cultur , and we see how different from o another humans are .
For all of thes reasons I think travelling realy broadens your mnd .
I wnt to buil my caee as a lly fledged researcher d acdemicin .
To fulfill this dram a D degre ould be the most essential fotsep .
I am mostly also ntersted to pursue my D on Theoretical and Compuational Chemitr .
I have a pan to study of the equilibrium properties of onensed - phse systes .
I woud also li to rry out my PhD reearch in the develpent of transitin meal complexs which a be usd as dru aaist several human diseases , as cosmetics mterils nd as photni and optoelectronic materials in devis .
I also fn Aalytial Chemistry an Enionmental Chemisty re the interestin feld of Chmistry becus of tir nmerous applctions .
I blieve that I possss the strong moivation and ntellectual cpbility to build a aree in one of h peiously mentioned felds .
Afe my PhD , I will return to my country nd continue my teaching as wl as research with tdents of University of Barial .
Thee is no fuure for public transport ?
he numer of crs gro up rapidly , however th pblic transport is stil in use .
Especially in a big ties , where there are trafc jams , the public trnsport is becomin more n mor opulr again .
In some cities it 's en forbiden to drive thrugh h ciy cente without some scial prmission , so hee is no oher solution tha s a public transport .
But what is mor convenent - wn car or puic transpor ?
Well it dends .... hen yu trael with yor own cr you are independent .
Yo do not ha to worry abo the chdule - you are a driv so it 's your decisin wenver u want to go or st longer in some pac .
You can listen to our favorite music or raio .
Yu e the boss .
However , as a driver you always have to be careu nd watc out on the route .
If you wan to travel from oe pace to another to e different plcs , your own car is he best sluion .
It allows ou to se much oe in your pace .
u hink about the css .
Think ho much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
onsider as we h mny das do you ave for vacations .
Maybe cheap airlnes ar better ?
Being back to ur everday lfe .
Most of us re living in a big cties nd face problems wt the traffic .
What if we e he public trasport to get to work ?
Well , thn you do n't ha to ory about he arking space and y can read mor books on he ay to wrk .
iply , yu can ue the wa to wr as an additional time for yoself .
Wha else ?
Afte work o a go for a drink with yur colleagues !
An if the ecology is portant fr you just thin aout t pollution .
Let 's reflect on again : is hre a future for public trasport ?
In my opinion : yes , the is !
Is travllig by r more convenient ?
Well , it deens !
W sing the first nration ?
h first narration an atact eaers ' attention at e bginning of te friction and makes the eaders ge in e thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand hat others thik usually , but in tis friction , h thor nvied us ko wt inside the madan 's mind .
Feeling that t main character is talkg to us , as if we wer all involved in this ae , the hoe thing seemed like rall happened .
Fain the urdr irecty aks he horror pnetrates to our hears .
How doe the author create a or of horo to his readers ?
e auto created the horible atmosphere by describing h cene , the disordered mid n the sund of heartbeats .
First , h cene ha described e urde mak eadrs ca n't help themselves emrging h images in the md .
Just like the madman 's plan wa happening rht in front us .
hen comes to h soun , the heatbats .
To my pinion , heartbeat is e elment that push he whoe sor to the cima .
Every tie when te soun of heartbets started arousing , sometig ensued .
In the irs te , when te madman herd the hertbeats of te old mn , he was gong to il the old man , n he i it .
The second time wn madman heard he hearbats , he became impatit , scared , excited and insane , in th end , he confessed that he killd th a d dismembered t corpse .
At th se tme , the heartbeats also drage h readers nrvus a xious .
Finally , I think the wa te ator wanted to express the disordered min of t mman is i intonaion .
The ole story excet e d of he frctio he confess te crie , the aman 's used he intonation that is extrely al and stay , to tll the reades he process of the crue tng that he h on .
The sharp ontract for t ca and he cruelty , leaves us a stro impressi at te main caractr a totally insane and ray .
Shivering inside r arts , t orror increases .
" t 's go to te forest to se the arety of animals wich ar found here " , Max tol to hi fiens ne suny afternoon .
When al w set , they started their trip to t oret .
When they arrive thre , they started to look around tyig to find different types of anims such as irds , abbits n der .
a a hs frins too a walk nder th tres hn , acroos t ier , hey saw something tat looe like an animal lig on t grass."Wat 's that ? " , Mx said aloud .
They ran quickly , crossed e rver nd the rechd the plce hre the animal as."It 's a er ! , its g is in a ap " , x 's friend shouted .
When ey saw the animl , ey could se ta it was uffeing , so they decided to free the der .
By hi decision , Max ok couage to open t rp , bu the er did n't ove bease ts l a inurd .
ne of M 's friend brout wer from he rver to give to t deer .
M cut a piec of s T - shirt to cure th animal .
fterwads , he anmal was better and it walked away slowly .
When the da finishe , Max ad his fends returne oe feeing happy becue tey a saved e animal 's lie."What an amazing ay ! " , Max whipere to himself as he got to bed hat igt .
Th uestin is : whher it is possibl to be famos without journalists ?
Probably n , t th r many people in sw - bsnes or political life , who are reay to do eerythig to save their private le .
Generally , eople a be famous for two reasos : ecaue of thir ob or beuse of their scandalising private life .
If you decde to became famous because of your scandalisg private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paprazz .
Tee is a rule , probably n of h most iportan in public ife , at ss mor or es : ' It is o important what are they talking about ou , it is important they ae talking about u ' .
Most of clebrities follow this rule , as it is ust what they are living f .
Tat is w they e fte le to sel infoation abu thir private life .
el roblem starts whe journalists injures t he celebrity , but its friends or famly .
Paparazzi e ruel in contact th famus people 's children , that may hve neative inluene on their emotional devlopmet .
How about those wh do not want to be pular becus of scdals ?
In mos cases they e ust doing their ob as wel as th n , leading teir boring if .
nd wen fnlly paparzzi notice tha ther is nhing nteresting in the lie , they just leae them aone .
Sumarizing , I do beliee that adult people are responsible enough to mak a decisin , if they want to share the most important pat of their fe it journalists .
d I hp they undestand , thei duy is to sa their relatives .
Gea food is probaly one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person h ove to et , I consider enironmet , ualty of food and rie as he an factrs to dcide where ould I go .
Lat Fria I visited a bad nw Mexican restaurant in Libon called " Las Fichas " .
It was suggested by tw friends of mine and ccordin to them , becas the god fo and funy environment .
I went to dinner ith mor 6 friends in order to having fun an a good Mexican fod afer a stressul week .
In my opinion , te fd was gd but te ries wr oo expensive cosidering t quantity serve an the messy svice .
We faced continuous problems wh te oder such as : dishe from anoer tble served for us by mistake , e rinks wer served with a cnsiderable deay nd te bl wa shown even ithut askg ( just becaue we inished the dinner u our drinks were til on the tabl ) .
For my uck ( or not ) , I me a frien of mine on th da fter that told me tt she had iner at " Las Fcheras " efor an in e pnion , as a exian , tat restauran ws terrible .
She also told me ta a eat Mexcn restaurant a just opened with lwe rices n ood servc .
I t urius about this place an ecided to go atr .
" Pistola y Corzón Taqueria " s h first Mexican resturant that I oul eat genuine exican foo , with lower pres ad a great service .
Thy served us " nachos " with tmto auce for free while we wer choosing the man dishes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , gain , for free .
We chose " tacos " of ea with guaamole sue and it wa absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , te offeed us a hot of tqila to inis or viit confirming tha ret places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
irt of all : THANK YOU FOR YU IME AND YOUR HELP WT E ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of ll , HOW ARE Y ?
An also , where ar you now ? ? :)
In my ase ... I 'm mch better o . I 'm settled ck home and I 'm up and unnng , even touh my uncued sprained akl has gone worst .
Last ee I wa borowed an ankle suprt n oe crutches , so ever sce the it 's oing etter .
Furthermore , preciely today I ae sated my 15-dy rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumpn around in no time :) .
As you ow , Malta was a g puch ight in th stomach , wich o sure I d n't need ! :( .
The cors d t organization et much to be desired ; d as if ht wre n't enough , my scholarship ( unn enough n the ones of the ( ony ! ) O other participants ) , s no sufficent to over all the coss ! :/
Anywy , CS d mgi sav me right at he lst secon ( he last ngt ) , and I eft alta ith a smile and a warmed up her .
n for tha I want to THANK U one again .
Back ho , evrythig starte fast -I shoul hve gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have te or much .
I have bn toaly immrse in looking for jos and in e translation of the scintiic aper o a former sudent of ne .
He decided to finish th econd half without my hp , so that was a b disappointing , both fr te felng of nt meeting his expectations * n for the ( I 'm gessing , as I do n't knw anying as et :/ ) ess money eaned that it ill ma .
* Srry , I 'm gon na ( ab)se of your native language skil oce again : here " not meetin is expectations " , could be subtitutd by nother expression .
ht I doubt is the diffeence between tis uch : be good enough , measure up , make te grade ; be up to standard / he task .
Tere again , having a hole bunch of fre hours ( days !
ro Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself th I wa n ounting on , proved itself to make woners ! ! !
I ecided to e back hom ( I had been the whole eek at my friend 's pace , as he lives in Madrid and uite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every da last week ) , an I stare etting hngs one . Pls I gave a st to my nke , hih ws very much eeded too !
The two - day e - night trip wt my mother a siste wn quite el .
h place we were visitig was very beautiful , a ven't ben beaue of the iitations for my anke , we would have gone or a shor hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starng my first Enlish lass , which as ten much longe tan I had pan .
I ha sent a o of CVs , and have gne to 3 interves so fa , also fo English classe ( one company d two acaemes ) .
Aout te picturs rm amla , uld yu wi a bt more ie ?
I haven't fid time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to srt u , I was ( n is ) defintey NOT a priity .
Do remnd me again , tou , if ou ee tat I 'm forgtting , oka ?
( Please ! ) .
Dd u sk Mario about the spekes ?
Becaus hatting is wy faster than wrting ;) .
I 'm go na go no .
Talk to ou soon , Mike .
Receive a b g from ( YES , FINLLY ! ! ) warm San .
Glbl warming d it cosequences in 15
The Guaian 's article " World 's cimate about to eter ' uncharted trritry ' as it asse 1C of warmng " , published on e 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of globl warmn .
Referring to scietists at te British Met Office , 2015 is going to be te year when th milesone of 1C arming wil be roken - ausd by lobal wring - which wil la to unnon consequences on the fture .
Th Wold Meteorological Organization made knwn publcl that 015 a been the hottest ea on rcod as wl as it s caused re carbon dioxide on average by burning foil fuel .
These problems just announced recently wi be issus to tl about at the UN sumit in Pas in ree weeks .
Thn , wold leaders wl be negotiating abou cutting t increased cabon emissions coupled with h El Niño climate henomenon .
Stephen Belcr , director of the Met Office 's Haey Centre , claim tha hmanit is to blame fr climte changes as th se of temperature or the caastroph xpeced by scintists whn global warming ris eyod 2C. This oinio is also represented by t Btish Secretr of energy an climate chnge , mber Rudd , ho cnsidrs the cimat chane to be on of t greate roblem in nwadys ' politics u to s consequences on enomy , global security and he iht ainst verty .
She stands up f a lobal deal confirmed on the UN summit by h leading sttes and therefore tes clmat targets should be a ol - modl or the counries .
Furthermre , clmae scentit Ed awkin xpects a continuation of global warming , clarifyig his sttemet with th exple of Centrl Englan , which has warmed 20% more tn te globl average .
Global warming in genera leads to more aural disasters as floodig , heatwves , aer stress and ls of havess .
Facing these consquences , a 4C aring would be even oe daging accding to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA stu pointing out that ther woud hve be an ice mass grw in Antarcica from 2003 - 2008 , there is ony a sml chance of 5 - 10% tht ths prognosis will come true acrding to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the sdy has already be proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Althuh the AS study shows a ifferent rsul , e majority of scientists s global waing as a dangerou hret for ts lanet in trs of living conditins , environment and economy d as well as an issu of the UN smit in ars .
T prble lies in the outdated framework in which t C operate .
Fiften whaling nations formed the IWC after whle populations collased .
The organisation as initially t up to cnsrve whae only to th extent ta they could cntinu to be used by humans .
T imortace of World Heritage proprties transcends ntionl boundaie .
Their qalitie e extraordinary so tt no matte which country they are found in , and h experiences hm , they eok a sense of wondr and admition .
To be included on the World Heriage Li , properties must be of outstanding universal value a meet at least one of tn selection criteria .
Th World hritage lst is important becuse it attrcts touist nd tee landmarks are chrishe by everyone around h world .
It is also protcted by UNESCO bcase they have ound new animals or lant ; thee r endangered spices in tht area or have a significant imotance in history .
orld Heritage is the designation r places on Earth that a of outsandin universal valu to humaniy and as uc , have en inscribed on he World Heritage List to be protected fr fuur generations to appreciate an enoy .
The sit is e property of the country on whose terriory it is located , but it is coniered in te interest of the intrnaional community to protect the ite fo uture generations .
Its protetion n preservton becomes a cocern of e international Wol Heritage cmmunit as a whole .
Anther advantae o a si to be incibed on e List is tha once a country igs the Conventon , an a ites inscrbed on the rld Heritage List ; th resulting pretige oft helps ras awareness mng citizns and gvernments for heritae preservation .
Grater awrenes lead to a general ie in the level of the prtection and conservation given to heitage properties .
A counry y also eceive finanial assistance n eprt adic from he Wrld Heriage Committee to support activite for t presrvtion of its stes .
The Disadvantages of sites no icluded in te World Heritage List ar that tee stes a ot unded so thy ca n't protect tm for ris .
Moreove they remind in he list of stes in danr without to receive assistance .
In my opinion t sites in daner unls the o answer at ten criteria shod be protect fo UESCO .
It 's diffcul , but I think tha it is necessary ry to invet new ay to finance an defend the naturl and cultural hertage .
Cicet is my assin .
I le playing , watchi and talkin about it .
It 's my fit pason and I am followig it as far as my ealiest emoy goes .
Crcet is a team sport which teache us tem work , cllabortion a stric discipline .
It as eahes us w to ercome idividul weaknesses ad gain advantage of other strength to succeed as a tem .
I sarte playing cricket since my early childho .
Evn when I was a kid I sarted paing with boys of much higher age tan me .
It ae me a o of onfidence and a chance to impove my skills apidly .
I followed cricket rligiouly ad have watched lmost every match India played .
Sachin Tenulkar is my favori crickete .
I am fan of hi batting .
He has broke almost eey record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketin sills I loved his ablity to handle pressure a is cam nature in all situations .
If someoe was to learn me bout cricket I wl advise im to watch bttig of great like Sachin , Drid , aa d ointing .
To arn moe abt bowlg e should watch Akram , Warne ad rli .
I wil also dvise reading mre about crckt on cricinfo.com .
It a nice articls , reews n statistics on many players d games .
Raing biographies of sme famous crickter will also help to undersand the isghts of t game in deep .
Criket is gng hough rough hase du to math fxig and bettin scands .
But I am sure it wi om sron u of this and will spread its wings l acrss te word a once gin ive it lover a magnificent show .
I met a friend out ne we ag , a he ased me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bcke Li ?
I ca n't so hinkig about it , ecuse I relize th I ha never stoppe to think about my lfe in such a dee way .
By the a , do yu no what a ucket List is ?
It is a ist of thigs that y wt to do before you e .
I hik is kn of sad , tt I do n't know wha I want to do , I do n't know what mkes me trly appy .
About two eek befoe I m m I watched a very eatiful movie called " T fault in u stars " .
It 's bot a en coup wh ar diyng bcuse of cacer , and hey hae different ways to think aot life and death .
his movie s touched me vry deel , it mad me think about ife a about he wa people used to live witht apprecciate e rell important hins .
So aer watching this movie nd my friend 's question I ca n't elp thinkg about my life .
Now I hae the feeling that I need to live me , but I ae no idea wa is this " moe " .
efore hat I ad aays toght bout gettig maried and having kids as a way to ind happiness , but w I hink that before this I ned to do other things .
It is very iteresting to thn tat it a necessary meet someone n , from anohr entire different ulture to ak me think about what I wt .
It is very strange that another erson became curious abut a very pround ar of me that I hve never hought of .
Well , et Novmber I will trav to Eurpe , the ony certin hin on my Bucket List that I kn .
Hover , w I hve an wul feeing aot what I am oing toda , because for he first time in my ife I am sure th I ee change something , d I thik hi " something " is almost everything .
Peoples lives will change in e futue , and I et it 's t o the beter .
Unlike popular understandings of story ( and even preumbly scientifc ones , I st a ) , Hitoy is o an unstoppable march toward " prorss " , whatever ta od mas .
It is a iclical process .
Rome ad its hayday in he fst entry AD , u jst tee enturies later it s only a shadow of its past .
ose later period Rans wer n't even be to make te hih qality cement tat heir ancestors were bl to make n ha technical mastery over jus a w enturies earlir .
And who can safely sy tht thre centuries from now humans will possess all te technoloical kowledge ha ey ossss now n take f granted ?
No one can assure suc a thing .
But I do n't tnk , unless tere 's another World War , peole 's lives wil ange dramatialy in the next 50 yes .
I tin in the next 50 years the age of technology wl he its pk , and afte that the will be a decie , unt a new rk ges .
But let 's pick the Word ar hypothesis for a secod .
A ide world r is h only ae in wch we would see a dramatic hnge in peopes ives in the time length of 50 years from now .
But tee 's , at ts day , prospects for a e World War ?
I do n't think so , but on e othr hand what the hell do I kow ?
The causes that will ea to a new Wrld War my well be in istence right now for all I know , nd no e , or only a e very wise an intlligent pole know abt it .
One dy in the future another Frnz Ferdinand could be klled , an that symbolic evnt could seve again as an esuse to some coutry declare wa to anothe , but the tre underlying cues ha acually le the counies to wage w against ac ther would ae its rots in much older tims .
As t causes of te Second old War hd t roots on eent tha were t outcome of the First Wa , a Third , hypothetical a , could ve it oos on a ps conflict that may well hv happennd already .
But let 's o dgres nt that , that 's a anothr topic that falls byond the scope of the satement on whh I ws spposed to wie a composition .
To : a
From : Simonetta
te : 05/30/14
Subject : hlidays re comg !
Hi S ,
It ha bee a long ti since we were in ouc and now I am very pleased th we are on hlida ad we can lan somethig together .
My family and I re gng to spend some dys at h sam plae we went to last ye , at te Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've ready mentioned to yu w muc fn I d there and why it was great !
It wuld be terfic if you came it me , is it possible ?
Could yo ask yr arent ' prmision ?
In hi am parents ar cl and do n't wory about their childrn ecaue thy are in the care of a arg numbe of sistants a the camp is ituatd on an entie island .
In addition , the se ws purpose built to rovide places fit for young pepe allowing thm to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wid range of activities promoted by he staff all wih the im of enjoyment , epeciall outdoor sport ativitis !
here are two swimming pl , wo tennis ourt , one foobal pitch , canoeing courses ad so on u what I like most is the scub diving , nd t equipment is prvded .
Te Cap is el - known a opens ro a to Octobr and it wol be ood to book within two eks , it alwa ge overbooked for the eriod my parent can take dys of , what do you tnk coming wt us ro the 1st august to the 15th ?
I am look forward to receivin your answe !
Best ihes .
Simontt
h oobell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the coch watching TV .
I g up and I made my y to the front oor .
Outside stood he ot extaordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephnt hunter .
I was aken aback , so I calld my mother , wh was asleep th h boyfriends .
h came down , bu she did not scream .
Instead she started crying .
The an as it turned u was my fathe , who had been missg for 15 ears ...
I di t know tat he ws still ive .
Mthe d always ld me he had die in e r .
I think she i this fr my wn od .
I was very bemused by the situation and d n't ow if I ked him or not .
In my dreams I had sen i as an intellectual but now he was in my sitng room and he loked like an elephant or something exotic .
It ws er odd to see him in my ho .
ow we all live together .
Although the firs days er difficult , now we all get on el .
It is great to be a whe fami again .
Th Grnd Place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surouded by everal o buildings such as he city hall and t buildings of the corpoation of the iddle Ages .
hese were groups of people oin the sm wk , suh as carpenters .
They helped each other d the lders ones tauht e youngsters .
Smetimes , he bame very rh .
Eah building is decoraed with t blazon of the corpoation .
Ther architecture is unique and beautiful .
Tda , most of them r hosting aés , shops and retaurans tat tracts a lot of tourst , bu there is also h cit msem .
The squre is coerd wih pavement and is a pedestrianized ara .
It is an important ple or the history because it is the oldest Grand lce of Europe nd it is a rt of h oldest neihbourhood of Brssels which is md of narrow ave stree , ol an high uldings and , among oter things , chocolate shops .
Rcenty , seveal of h buldings hv been restored n we n n beter e ther beautiful gildin and cavings .
Every ye , when Christmas comes , there is an aming show with music and lights on th façades of th ildings while a huge fir tree is laced in the centre of the squre .
Wawel Roal Castle is one of the highest raked monuments in the htory and culture of Poln n Erope , so during the ty in Poland it is necssary to visit it .
The firt Castle , called palatium , was built in 1t cenur , the rmain of it ae still visle iside the walls .
During t ne centuries it a expanded , ad in 16th century fnally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until tod - the most representative remnt is prbably amus rcaed coutyard .
Durig he tour the vsiors are hown seveal room and apartaments , as well as oya Private Apataents ith ar - famed tapestries of Polish ' kis collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Cron Trasury , whre Polish coronation insignia were stoed , nd armoury .
Apart from the featured , ere are als many marvellous exhbitins in the Castle containing its hstory as wl as e other coections .
Whe visiting Wawel Royal Case one a no ot eein raon 's De - a ave unde h Castle , where , acrding to the oldest legends , the daon of Wel lived .
I recommend visitig Wae Royal Castle ecause of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousad years of he Polsh history a ulture .
Everyn will fn ometing inteestig mong t arity of exhibitons ad tours , and for certin it ill be a memorable experience .
I hav been learning Engish as a second anguag since I as ten ear ld , hic means a ery long tie o .
I hin I am very lucky he because I hae had the opportunity of larning Eglis in a naura way , without books an tough lessns .
My teachers thught it ws etter to earn by speaking , singing , and doin other activities in nglih , in a way silar to w we learn u on othe language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lied with English families for a few weeks evy smmr ine I strte learnng ntil I was fifen yars ld .
So I grew up thiking I could pak and write quite good Enlish .
Even though I do have litl heoretica knowledge abu English grama rule , I ca ke mself undersood in a normal conerstion , d I can wite an mail to a friend without akin too mny istake .
One yer ago I decied to tae he Cambridge dvance Englih exam in rder to est my knowldge , thinking It woud be not very dfficult for me to be succsful .
I decided to enrol r a cretive ritng course in rder to rctise my writing skills .
Along th cours I had to accomplish so writing assignments ad subit hem to be ealuated by my peers .
And thr I realised at leas two hings : th irt one that it is possible to learn how to rit better ; the second o tat eve hn ou can me yourself generally understo , It is not so asy to be recise .
A agican us a dove an a blak hat , u it wold n't be a agc so if he id n't know how to perfor t tick .
In e sam way I h the ideas and the words bt I a to admit th I neede to learn the rle of rammar if I wantd to do the magic ick of precie an stylish wting .
Adoscence .
Everybody say it 's th best perio in u whol le ; what they do n't rembember is tt it could be also th worst .
Adolescence old be comaed to a foggy ah n vn when it ses you ca se somethig thre it , in reality y do n't .
Ts awful fo is compoed by our uncontroled emotions .
Everthng is unknown , but we try to pretend tha we kw a lot of things .
This ould be oe of t easo why we get angr so easiy and so often with ur parents : eve tie we scover something ne or we say something , they judge us or the begin sme long speces to try to change our ideas .
Another thi bout the relatiship betwn parents ad adoescent is he ct tht th confuse o minds .
As I said dolecents coud be ey confused ad if there 's a hing that get under ou skinn is whe moms a something and then tel us to do te opsite on .
e wos part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , te 're not cle d thn te also get angy ad they 're surprised whn we t mad at them !
It 's ue that we shoud always be respectful u sometimes it trs t to be impossible bcuse they do everything to proke us .
I think the most important thing in th relationship with ur parents is to find a sort of accordance , becaus in te end we do n't only feel ngr for them b also a lot of loe .
Love : Tha 's a new feing that adolescents hae to face .
It 's n t usual love thy 're ued to feel , as love for famly d friends , but it 's a new in of lve .
It 's a kind of lov ta strugles ; it makes butterflies fly in u stomach , it makes us dive into a so of imagnry tae .
That kin of love that we s in movies and we deam of ; the typ of love that does n't make us fall slep at ight .
It is a perod in which we have or first experiences , n it is as cry as excting .
Adolescence it is lik this , hee 's a omet ht ook magical ad in t following oe u drown into the dark .
ear grou leader ,
First of all , I woud like to han you for the interest sow to our mll illage .
I rally hop tat o ave a nie elcoe d , lease , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lt of pace to vsi ut I will recommend o a unique plae , without torits , noise and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallorca u il find a smal and beautiful village called rà .
In the municipality of rà you will fid a coaster town , situated on the edge of e mountain range of Llevat .
Sa Clòia de San re is a trditional fishermen vilge .
Nowdays , ou can til se some fishermen ihing on the seashore .
Here yor adventure stars .
In orde to g to yr destination yu must ri a bicye nd jst enjo th slendid panoramic viw .
You will ride nil Ca os cans , one of te st enigmatical eaches of Malorc .
Ts zone is part of a protect area , a natral park .
For that reason , o mut go ridig a bi or walking .
As Mahado said " se ae cain al aar " .
It meas that t ms important is t wa , h journ .
oing on a ike na he eshore wit th reeze of the ea is one of t most relaxing experieces in ie .
On the way to Ca los cn , you wl see e typical Mditeranean vegetation .
Ther e a lot of trees cale " tarells " , naive trees of the coast of Mallora .
Moeover , you will go between two ancient oeliss which have been recently resore .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a spcial beach with stones instead of sad ad surroundd by tre isted of htes .
There y ca ractise different spots .
It is a pefec place to go divin cause you an e different ishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
There you a ao ak a ane and paddle in h que sa .
A at from sports , you should note to different culture ponts .
On the one hand , hee is wat remains stnding of edificatications that wr sed to keep the smal bat of the local fihrmen save frm storms .
On the other an , thr is a prhistorica twer called " Talio " .
Th function of th Talaiots is not cler yet .
Mab it was a defensive towe or an important building for igh - las people .
It is imprtant to ty in te ach utl the sun goes on .
he unse in tat plae is dal nd romtic ( especiay if you are wih our partne ) and you wi see o te sun goes behid he mountan ane of Tramntana .
Fm that seashore you a ee all he Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain ange of Tramuntana d the cpe of Formentor .
Ca ls an is a mixture of sea , nature ad clture .
I am sure tat you wl ike it a , of oure , I ne to as y a favu : Please , kee the sere .
Regard ,
Pla .
Introduction .
he aim of ths report is to outli the est n h orst qualities of your entr after one ya running .
Tis reort nalyse te wo main faciities : h gy an he swimmin pol .
The gym .
e machines are fantasti and t sta is very elpful with ever customer .
On the other and , h g is too small .
Evey afenoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
he swimming pool .
It is ideal fo people who do not compete becase of i legh , about 20 metres .
Furthermre , it is no too dee , so it is excellent o people o want to lear how to im .
On the other hand , the changing rooms re oo far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold wh someone gs from one lac to nother .
Conclusions .
e facilites are quite modrn and he staff r excellent bu the ym coul be bigr .
Frtermore , you woul t heaters to vod cold in e passage way from e changing roos to the swimming ool .
The Futur of Pulic Traport
Whn we imagine uture , we rrey imagin oercrowed buse nd rusty subway tans .
As technologies evelop n become cheaper moe an oe peol buy peronal cr .
A car allows us to mo fste and not to depend on other .
Travalling by a is also ch more convenient .
De th all an tt te years of public tansportation come to an nd ?
In my opinion , it is not tre .
Firstly , there ill lways be people ho will not be be to afford to b a car .
Stdents , childrn from lage families , o people will continue to us pulic transportation for a long me .
Secondly , as can aso tur int pubi transport .
Science fictio ofe depicts utre as te world where cs are ued frel .
Anyone c use the naret ar he or h sees .
Thirdly , eole do not have an inrn drivng skill , so een in the future children ad teenagers will ee pbli transportation .
This is also te for older people , o lose h abilty to drive as hey g .
In conclusion , public ransportation is t likel to sappear , at least during te nearest tens of ers .
The chart above giv ome information about the avrage monthly salaries of nurses and octrs in our different countris .
According to the chat , th o countries wit the lwes alaries re Conry A ad Country B.
Thee os r cled " source countries " , which means that tey proide a suly of halth cre workers to oher countries .
Otherwise , te couries ith the highest saliaries are country C a counry D. Differently from he irt tw countries , hese ns ar caled " dstination countries " bcuse the health care service is rovided by foreign ad qualfied wokers .
reover , in e fist three cuntries ctors earn aou tice as ch as a nurse earns , apart from the la country , Cotry D. In tis n , th lary ga beween octor nd nurses is bigger ta in othr countries .
In Cunty D , the salres of doctors are about thee times hgher than those of nrses .
In cncusion we can say that om t standpoint of th doctors and nurses , wrking abroad is a uch better deal .
Boxing is a commo , el known a well loved sport amongst most countries in th world however it is lso punishing , dagerous and dslikd to the extent that ay popl want it baned , possibly with good eason .
Boxing is a dangerous spr , there are relatively common deths , tragic injuries and even disese .
All profesional boxers are at risk from being killed in s next figt .
If not killed hen more likely paralysed .
hre have been a nube of cases in the last en yea of the p few oxrs having trgi loses thoughout teir ranks .
hi is ust from e elte few , an there s more fom the beow the .
or dets would occur through boxing if it ere aned .
Te spot would go underground , there wud be no safety measures li gloves , a otor , paamedics or earl stopping of te fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this gog on te people tkin part will be dangerous , and on te streets .
angerous dog who were trained to ki and maim in similar uneround dog fights have alrady proved dadl to innocent pople , the n boxe could be ev me at ik .
Once boxing is banned and no - n gow up knowing it as acceable there ll be no nterst in boxing and hopefully ls al round interest in violce akig towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pus and clb and less violent ataks ith litte or no eason .
change he ruls of boxing slightly wou much impro t safety risks of the sprt n not detrac form the entertainment .
Tee ae all sorts of propoals , lghter ad or cushonin gloves cod be wn , ban uches to the head , headguards worn or ak fights horter , as most of the serios injuries occur in th lattr rouds , thee wuld al show off he boxers skil and tallnt d still be entertaining to atc .
Even if a bxer is a success and manages ot to be seriously urt he sill fces serious consequences in ater life diseases that attc e brans hav een knwn to et in as a diret result of boing , even Muhamed li , who was infaou ( ? ) both fr his oing ad his quick - wted intelligence nw has Alzheimer disese an can no longer do many eveyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerou than bong , moor sports nd evn mountaineering s risks tt are eal .
oxrs chose to ox , ust as racing driers rive .
In many of he mority wrks of moern literature , there a be some mphasis on rebellon against oppressiv fces .
Although such a show of srngth by these wks ' characters is someimes viewed as a vient and hrefore negaive ontribtion to e otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conlict upn wch many toies of thnic Aerica literature re based .
However , such a rebelon a not be en clearly in each minority wok , and , therefore , h roduct of thnc American literature can t be ctagrized as mrey t result of years of oppreson .
Rather , this ever - changing d eer - chalenging aspect of minorit literature creates an especially importn ncessty tht ech wk be considered indiviuall as both a prduc of years of strugge and a wok inheently distint from any oher .
In the minrity works , the onflit n rellion presented acuraely relecs scity as a whole , a although the mother 's in The Joy uc Club rebel agins such forcs as arranged marriges , Tita in Like Water o Chocolate fihs to overcome d fily traditions , and te Idia tibe in ove Mdicin tuggle to sere thir inherent rights fro the US government , the characters ' coflits reflect similar conflcts of other cultures .
ebellion is een not as a dstint fre in minority cultures , ut rahr as a binding force betwn all cltures , for Celie , too , esists her aranged marriage in T Color Purple , d e murderous ovs in Jazz reflect Tita ad Pdr 's destrtive pasion in Like Water for Cocolate .
Rebellon nd confict ar emphasized in ethnic Aericn literature , but ey e rtrayed no more strongly in minority works tha they are portrayed in other pieces of lirature .
Emphass changes wih each work , a although fiure of uhority are particullary opressive in works sc as Like Water for Chocolate nd T Coo Purle , other minorit wor inluding Love Medicine and Jaz do n reflect the clearly define authoritarian iures nor the bviou rebellion of th characters ' resonive action which h previosly mentioned wrks show .
This again iples that tese etnic merian pieces of literature c not be catagorized as merely reblliou responses to oppression , but as individual reflctions of personal and cultural experiences .
How doe Voltaire tckle he qesion of philosophical optimm in ' andide ' ?
Philosphical optmism -l'optimisme- is the philoophy tht eeryhing d occurence is for some ood .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this phiosophy .
In Candide e rpreentative of hi philosoph is Panlss , the philosopher emploed at Thunder - d - Troncks .
The whole book is a crticism of l'optisme .
r exmpl when Candide is forced to jn he Bulgar ay he is beaten almost to ath but Candid does ot cncern himsel because he know it is r hi o oo - in fact ltr in t bok he uses his training to ecome a sldie .
Ahough this uld em to be go it is ot becus of his rining he kills t men , a Jw and an Archbshop ith no hestatio a then prcees to ill his weehearts roter .
oltaire show his dislike of l'opimisme we angloss , andide and James are caught in a bad torm at sea in which James is rowned a there r nly hre survivors , Cande , Panlss an a aior .
Th storm a aused by an earthquake wih destroys t city to which Cadie was ailin to .
On arivl they see starvatin and death .
Candide is obvousl horrifd , especially hen the silr begn pillaging the ity .
Cndide oks to Pangoss fr an answer but Pangloss can oly ell h ha some goo will come of it .
Candide , although rmaining te to e ideals of optimism , always appear to be sceptical of it .
Thi is no more tue th when he rives in the new world , outh America , and has to lave his darling Cunégond wih te Commissiner of the province .
Candie c not see at possible good n come of this epecially as the reas tht he was in America was due to him killig the Jw and Arhbishop bcause te were Cunégond 's lovers .
Throughou the book we begin to see o anide is gradally lead aa for l'optimisme or perhaps mr imporatly how l'optiisme is shown to be h philosophy of dspair .
Th cnstant belief that good ca ome from bad is not actualy inspiring but lead to a constant fow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in te boo , apears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thune - dn - rock becase he ebrces uégnde , he is ped ito the ry , he is caught in an earthquake , he is amost kild as part of an aut - da - fé , he ils the chrchen , he is alst eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the it continues .
Candid 's li is govened by his belief the goo will reval .
Eventually , of urse , he des marry Cunégone but she is not e beautiful young flower that he once loved .
h h bome gly and grew worse by the day .
This illustrates emhaticall th fol of l'optimisme .
Candide has rvelled e word in search of Cégonde , th th hope that he will marry h esite all e roble which he h gone throh , of course in t e he does get Cunégonde but at the prce of e looks and personality .
Voltar , in Candide , shows hw e philosophy of ptiism is one of despair nt hpe .
It would be tmptng to thnk of e varos Eupean mmunities as an embyonic Uite Stats of Europ ; especially when we ear poitician talk of te importance of European Unity .
Hover it is important to realise hat Europe is a vry long ay fo becoming anything like t nitd States .
Whe the origina 13 American states reolve to form what is ow h Unied Stte of America , they wer nent on forming a political as we as conomic enity .
Te were prepared to yield as muh of thei own svereignty as uld be esential to llw the nely formed natnal overnment to operate as a single international political force .
A balance a threfore struck in t cntitution to allow t indvidual states as much slf - goverment as possible while ensuring that , fr example in military mttes , the central gvernment spoke r l .
It is true ht today one still hears the ld dispute ovr tae soveeignty and attempts to return some powr to the indvidual taes , but no - one old challenge the fact ht , on matters xternl to the United States , the government in Washington represents h sl poliy - mking body .
In Euope it is quite clear that any people ould li to s a polical union of t countrie sne thi would produce a formidble international mility force .
oever it is equal lear ha while there might be sm uified political aion flowing from the European Communities ( such as a seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in he Falklan Islands isput ) , t ommuities wer intended as puely econmi entities in the frst place .
Membership most certainly involves some los of national sovreignty , bu the United Kingdom coul robably leave the communiy by a smle majority vote in e Westminster Parliament , something whh no sate in he United States cud lawflly do .
We re till a very long way fom a ingl arliament o Weter Europe with power to ke politicl decisions for ll ; and even ith 19 approaching an a single makt the gulf between t UK and Erop is ver id .
h supremacy of Parliament will ner be challanged .
It ility to make and break y aw - mde by it or uroe - meas that it retains full sovereignty .
ven if toda it de laws to that would unte it lly wit Euope and relnquish ts sovereignty for ever , it could tomorow repeal all hoe laws .
e fact ha Parliament does not bind itself or ca not be bond by any plitical body means that it can nee lse its soeeignty unles a majority of the pplation wished it and Parliament cnsented .
But wit the average jingoistic Briton thre is no chance of us urng urselves of our xeophobia n ever wishn to be fully intergrated wth Europe .
Evn now the channe tunnel as joined us to te coninent we still consider ourselves to be separated fo he world standing aln against a hostl world .
aturaly , th problem of a single Europe woud run as deeply as the benefits that we wld presumabl ltimtely receie .
It seems to me tt for te past fw cenuries , Britin has lways considered itself to be detached frm te et of Europe .
Whenever ncssary , e h lied herself to European powers , uch as in imes of war of extreme distrust .
Brtai ha ben eage to maintain a secure balance of power on t continent , but throgout hitoy , he s been more concerned with her oversees empires han with anywhr lse .
In th latter half century togh , her empire as diminished d he ha had to face montig responsibility in Europe .
Bcase of r hitor of isolated sovereignty it is difficu to accept ing a part of a single Europe .
For instance , Britis aw is bas largely uo preceden , hat is jdge mae law .
We have established a system of law whch dat back my centuries , n which is widey kno n repected .
Thre is very little European inluence on r law , of course in man respects it wll be h sa , but the lak of influence will dipay many differences .
Wit he reaton of a single Europe , new aw will ae to be accpted througho the continent , ad it will cause both cofusin an cflict .
Th Brtish tend to be ver proud and ossessive of the law , and changes a wl aus illfeeling a dscontnt .
Of course , the ame oints ll apply to he monetary syem in Europe .
ill there just be n system ?
h country typicaly is against major chnge an something as fundmental as mone would cue probem if it s to be altered .
Or individual monetary syste I suppoe , ould be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It ca be id that if a singe Europe was ceate , problems ay aie ovr its fundamental plitial concepts .
Of cours itain would se her sovereignty , as would the oer nations of t nin .
It h been suggested ta the ingle Unio could be base on a bas edera structure , wheeby local autonomy culd be avd , u the uni as a hle cou wo together in a democaic mannr .
To a certan etent , en if sovereignty a ost , some national personality would be preservd .
Th fact is tat , hen united , Eroean nty wod still in essence be divided .
There will always be aects of one society that the others wll never accept .
Europe as a hle faes the ae problems , and terefore , if a singe Europe a ceatd , unitig ritan , te problems culd be eat wit quikly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved ter is in a European unit , hy oul do their best to chiev democray d promote it naionally , so tat individuality is preserved , and ta a of hir positive features ill be known .
The problem facing h British , really result fom her isolated as .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and h fears of lsing it r very get .
Whether this wou hppn await to be seen , ad wld depnd completey on the terms of he union , ad the negotiations an feelngs of h genera ubic and te politicians leadng t countries .
With 192 now only a year away , he queton of wat a Singl Europe il ma for Britain ecoes increasingly elevnt .
I firmly believe that he adet of 1992 will resu in a loss of overeinty fr Briai .
This loss ee o howeve be negative .
In fac , in political , enomic ad defence terms I fe tis relocation of sources n d ill be very psitive .
Whils to a cetai etnt I may be gulty of having an iland mentality , I ould n't go as far as to a Briain is in danger of andin al conrl oe to faceless beaurorts in Brussels or trasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apprnt , but especilly so in uope .
Ti proes wil ontinue an Europe the rest of the worl il eole ith or itout h participation of Britain in this proes .
It is my belie tt Britain mus be involved in the decisin makng wich il eentuall decide t new world order .
Hwver to be fly invove , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices ill involve certain aspecs of our soverignty .
In relenquishing ad thus centralisng cerain pows , t aim is not to diminish the strength of indiidual nations bt to incrase he verll imact of Europe on the wld stae .
As aly demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in he feld of deence can be oth impressive and effetive . Wlst I wuld be reluctant to hn over all control to deence to any central body .
I can see a future for soe form of European rapid ration fore .
Whilst to an extnt cripling dfence cos could be cut this would n ecessaily lead to a reductio in t size of defence available .
In poiical ers , regardless of legislation , Britin ke the rest of Europe is ecoming increasingly cosmoolita in terms of th populatio compoition .
e Norh Sea will icresingly oe to present a er uddle as people me betwen countries .
I feel it is impotnt for Britai to in fully with its uropen patners to adapt to thee changes in demoraphy .
Politically we e moving loser together .
Possible probems shud be stdied a solved if possible beore they happen .
E.R.M. is aleay upon us b in his area I feel Britain ould be epecialy creful .
Whilst ot pretendng to flly undesand is system I do know at no sysem c lower interest ates , and inflation while raising growt , with t possibe exception of the agi Crce .
In th rea of the single cureny , again I fl this is inevitable .
What is ipotant is to as tis curreny on the strong currcies within the E as opposed to an aerag based system .
To cnclde I would y a sngle Eroe is alrady happening and that it wil cotinue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain mu o concern iself with ls of sovereignty but gain of t European eqivalent .
If we mi the bat I think we will dra efoe the et ot mes .
When te tety of Rome was sined in 195 , th foudatin ws laid fo a new " continnt " - a united Europe .
It was sai that Europe would ot be created quckl , but or seeral years .
When Briain entered the European Community in 93 aer a national referendum , the dete began cocernng Britain relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as he dat for h single Euroean Market , e date flared up agn , u over how far Britain should be interated .
T rest of Europ ees prepare for 1992 but Britan seems to be dcidedly heitant .
The former Prim Ministe , Margaret Thatcher was not en to ad Britain nto a nitd Europe because she lt it oud ed to a ls of ur sovereignty .
There is no out an intgrated market would have multiple benfits for t couties inolve .
Businses n other tradig organztions e prepring temslves for 199 , an the singl market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier cntrols allowing free lowin transportation of merchandise .
There will be busiess boms ad free competition with h removal of protectie praties , aog wth greater redom to trael .
ay Britons would consider Euop has affected Britain o mc already , wit decmlization , the new Euro - paspots an now t pou sterling ben tied to t EU .
Ty my feel Britan is ein pled into urope .
urter changes are forecs r Britain , effecting dy to d aters , to crea a " uopean Standard " .
This may mae Britons resentfu of Europe d tird of " 1992 nd all that " .
A single market requies e central institution to co - orinate all moveents of gods and policies .
Will the eple of ritan be prepaed to give up teir government n be directed fom Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
ay pole would not .
Wil te day coe wh t ound serling is tan over by e EU ?
It ay we - ut will the Britons have a chac to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argu that the benefits from a single ntegrate mrkt would ar outweigh y natnal drawbacks .
As the date raw neer , the awaenss of Brtons to Europe mst increae .
Thy ut look into the fure and consider posile effts .
Will ritain be ran ino Europe aginst its will ?
eraps as moe of ritan becomes " Eurofied " , Bitos il ake up n see eir sovereignt is being aken wa .
Britain has never geogaphicaly en a par of Eroe .
We r in h EC and we should be abe to benefit fro fre rade .
We ave ben an island for to long - being ndeendent n able to stand alon .
We hve a sound democratic roces , which many people wld not wan to give this up .
A fuly integrated marke with Britain as a full member would be to he derimet of r pltical system and consequentl leaig to a loss of sovereignty .
Thre has been such a lot of ta abut a Single Erope in rcent years that it is hard to beleve ta it will be pn us ve soon .
o that it is a reality , d no just a pobbility , he uestion in h mins of many Bitns is ided : Will ti mean a loss of sovereigny fo Britain or t birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at thigs fom an onomic perspecie , ts is o a problem .
The benefits in trm of ct - cutting ing to dog things once , istad of twelve tie , wl be enormous .
Frms , because of being able to pool their resores , wi be be to dote more time to research a develoment , and thus produc wll imrve .
urope will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards comptiton .
To look at things on a more individal level , ery member of the nw ingl Eope 's standard of living shld increase .
A greaer potetial of ideas rm a greater number of exrts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable ad bter - iformed indiiduals .
Simplicity is one of h Commission 's key ams , with t idea that if things are simler an more easy fo eerone to understad people wll be happier , ge on better .
If this is so , they sould also wo betr .
Idealy thn , there should be more equaty , ls crime , greater prodctiity and reater conoic growth .
On the other hnd , will this Sigl Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It ut be rmembered hat t only ds Britai have a small populatio compared to he ajority of te ther mmber states , but it is an island - which ne of the others are .
Why sould this ater ?
Well , Bitain has qute a histoy and therefore a fair numbr of traditions .
It is possile tt it could bece engulfed in he new Singl Eurpe and lose its identity .
Brions ( especially the from odr generations ) y then feel " st " and that ey do not reall " beln " any re .
h new Single Erope may be too ew a nknown for em to make teir allegiance to it .
hen thr is the question as to hether all this idealim really wil wor .
il there be greater prosperity , bette - informed , happier citizens , or will his never coe o because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although sml , is more often tan nt in e fe of international matters , tkng a definite snce on ha it considers to be right .
Ha it then not got uit a lot at ske , its character at eat , in integrating itself in this Singl Erope ?
No on woul dispute tha ti is a difficult uestio .
h ft remins howeer tt next year ( in 192 ) here is going to be a ingl Euop .
This , as everyone is wll aware , is not ging to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of ac other , h more successfu the Sing Europe il be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept tis fact d to sow an eampl by leading h w as regards tolerancy .
en we wll all be able to oo at the ture in a oe positive wa .
The Europea Comuniy is a unique grouping of twelve sovreign European emer Stats who ae committed to e development of closer conomic and politic co - operation .
The community h an aim to break dow the ecnmic and poltica barrirs that hv traditioally divided Europe .
In prticulr , te community eks to facilitate greatr mvment withn its frontier ; mvement not nl of goods b of ervics , capitl nd peole .
However , th isu of sovereignty is certanl a much debated on ; to at extent shoul a member hand over its sovereignty to he Community , if at a ?
L us lok at t founding of t European Community , beore we discs the issue of sovereignty in more dtail .
There were svral atteps at eacful uniication after e First orl W , u onl afer rope had again been deastated by war was the futility of national rivalry tru apparent .
T olitical and conomi exhaustion of he European states calle for a frsh start d a a me radial aproah to th re - ordering of Erope .
is fresh strt came bot because of three main factors .
Firtly , w uroe 's realization of her own waness , after hain lst her age - old osition at the cenre of the world sage to h United Sates of America and to he Sovie nin .
hee suprpowrs were economically , militarally an political stronger than the divided individual Euopean states .
Secondly was h cnviction hat miliary conflict should in e future be avoided ; after al , the two great wa had bot begn as European " civil rs " . Thidly w th common dsire fr a better , freer wld in wich international relation woul be condcte in a more orderly a .
ne of the fis major moves towrds Europen integratin was the creation of th uropean Econoc Communi , in 1958 .
Its mmbership a gon ro the ten original ounder countries to twenty - the .
One of the mos nnovativ eatures of h uroean Cmmunity compared ith ther international odis is that h meber states ave cded to it a part of her ational soeregnty ad endowed it with its ow sovereign pors , whi it c use to opt acts , havi t force of national law .
This nove appach to pooling atinal svereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , wit the introuction of community olic instruments , wih enabled greater sope for nainal policies .
Al of e member ates aree in principle to h iea of a single maret by 992 , owevr ah wi hei o interests to be safeguarde .
his is to s that nne wan to sacrific their national sovereignty , may want unanimos voti , not majority voting .
ny see thi isu as a hrea to thi ow regulations a laws , an could fesee a drop in standards if they do ot stad firm .
The situatio is seen as a heat to the countries in queion h do not wish to boldly gie up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not te contiution of the prores in th ield of European unit is sucssul depends very muh on he people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unty develops and c be sutaied , th heat will sbside as a eling of idetity takes over .
On Britains roads there is an ev inceasig volue of raffic .
h ro network is no lner able to cary this traffic ihout hold - ups and traffic jams ..
To emedy this te government has strted ading a four ane on oe strechs of or motorways and consruting ring roads n bypasses , with mixed receptin .
hil th roa syte is being improed thre seems to be an edless seri of roadwork wich restrict the hghays n cause frthe dla while the roadwrks are in pla .
The inablit to cope ith h ammont of trafic by te oad system obviously increases the ri of drives having an ccient and th drivers he to be constantly alet as tey are nearly alwys in capacity traffic .
It miht em an easy soloution to this ayem woud be to u public tansport ; i.e. the Riways .
People are not taking to t Rail system because of i lck of integration due to t recent pritisation of diferent aras .
It has been sow that fferent companes care differet fae fo exactly te same rute !
The mn disadvantage with t railways is as he rail service and the b service are normally owed by diferent companis it is proable that it is ot possible to walk oto a bus of h train .
If he srvice wer iegrated there old be a u tie able whi cocided with the tain arrival times .
Then eople wold be more likely to catch the train as they uld n have to lok orward to a ln al , wait f a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
My soloution to t problem wod be to improve the al system an t reaed bus servces , this wod get people of th road and onto e tains .
To improove the rail servce trains he ot to be timed to arive a depart at ky ties i.e. arive at eigh o'lock and lea at half pas si .
T tri d b companies ve to liase wh eh other d the train fares hav to remain relatively cheap i.e. e sae prie or le as it woud cost to go by a .
e basic dilema facing the UK 's ra and road trasport systm is the genral rie in population .
This leads to an ncrase in the number of commuters nd tansort users eery year , consequntly puttin pressure on the Ks transports network .
Te biggs wor to the stem is the rapid rise of car uer outside e ajo cities .
Ms large cities have managed to incorage commuters to use public transport tus ereasing aor conjestion in Rus hour periods .
Public transport is he obvious soluion to to h increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , sy ad eficien en it coul take te strain of the oeroaded British ads .
For commuters w regulrl travel long distance al transport sold be made mor appealig , more comfortale and cheper .
Motorys and othr transport lnks ae constantly bng extende , widened nd slol turning the country io a concrete ungl et it is on rying to cope wth th inreas in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Another major prole created by the mass of ehice trsport is the polution emitted into the atmophere amagin th oze laye , creatig sg nd foming acd rain . Tourturing te Earth we ae livig on .
In cncluding I wish to propose ean , efficient comfortable ad cheap publi transport for he ne future .
Te modern taffic jam is now a faiiar situation to nearly l of he western worlds popultion .
If every time we use o as to travel y distnce we in ourselfs in a 10 mile tai - back why do we still insist that that we travel in uh amander .
To ilistrae my point , if every ti you ok a rai , it stops for 2 hours on h trak , veryon ould stop taing it .
So why do we still insist on ravlling on the ro .
T answer most likly lies in 2 areas , firsty the ttiude of mn westerners is that " it is the right to tvel in such a mannor ' .
This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far d aay no ' greeny ' who wans to make everyone le in tipee 's n eat oa bean sp , however I do agee ha omthig soul be one bout the vlume of traffc ht is on our roads toda .
The goerments nswer to the considerably growing munt of trafi on our rods it js to back mv , hy ar o even atemptng to treat the ase , thent mor and more pople a now driving .
We all fee tha we have a dvie right to be on the od .
W ?
Do we , he westeren wrld ( 5% of h population of th world ) , ave the ight to e the resoces of h rest of h word at t environmental cost ?
ust beaue we an n be bothered to get out of bed a bit eariene to catch public transport .
Even if we i , th shory so does the rest of te wor .
That culd have disasterou impliction .
Th d easo , is te promblem hat th pubic transport srvice , r eample rail , is decining so much , there is no trin to catc in the morning .
People stopped usng trains because of e al in standards , these peope were forced onto the oad , routes became nprofitable and so wr closed ad srvices cut back , foing oe people nto the roads .
Te whole sysm has nw fmed a spiraling crle of rd use .
Thi a no been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to privite ail companys , profit mtivted .
The vital , mll ril lns may ow be closed , priviously they whe subsudised to ma up th loss , now he privite companies can n afford to do this so many will coe , cutting off all towns and villages .
The ly wy to stp the ircle will be to break it , t only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we mae the effort to use pblic transprt it wi expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the publc eam to be appethei to his id .
Toy , bong has become a very popular sport , wit T.V. chnnes competeing or coveage of certn events and fhters ening a lot of money , this is a big busins .
Aar from athletics , oxng seems to be the only popular internatina sport rom which Bitan can still hold to head high .
We have suprb fightr with excellent character such as Lenox Lewi , Nigel Be , Nheem Hmed a o beloved Frank Buo .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the rin to rattle abo the skull hic a use a brain clot or tmr .
La ear , the fight btwee Chris Eubank n Mchal Watson led to calls for bxing to be anned whn Mihal Watn slipe ino a oma and was in a critical condition or some months .
ny ouths in lo income areas e boing as ' a y out ' , a hance to me it to the o and ar a lot of money on h way .
There are , howeer , people wh regad boxing as barbari , brta n primitive .
These people aru that there is no need for bxing n that it ol promotes violence .
During the fight , s , of ours it is violen , ut tis is contrlled violnce d fighter hae a mutual respect for eah other .
l precautions are taken to ensure a saf fiht .
During figts dotors a kept close to the ring and hav t athorit to cll it f pematrely if requied .
Ambulnces are also kept on stand by at big events .
Although it may sound cre , I do not bleie that y fighter s entered a proffessional boxing carer wihout knong the rss .
Because there e so many budding youg bxrs , to ban boxing would be inae , since it ould almot certainly go underground .
Underground fights are f more dagrous sic les protctive gear is used and her usuly is n't a doctor present .
Takin th to account and condering tht boing is aout hurting the opponent , it ca be id that boxing is a relatively safe por .
Although fr less pular , there are oer sports which e f more brutal and dangrous , such as ' hai Boxing ' , where competitors re encourage to us their kes ad elows .
The argument continues , t or the sake of safety in h lng er I do no think boxing will be banned .
Wich is good news r the majority of he Britih public .
o en , oe ring , only one can leave . Draati it a be but basically that is te min principal of boxi .
lhough thoughout the yea ruls av ben made to dilue the sots sadistic id , shou boin be annd ?
Every tie a oxer gets punche in e head hi ain mes viorously inside his sll .
Tis cuss h boxr to lose may brain cell per boxing fight and if hi occurs frequently then the boe can d his caee wth brin damge .
In my ees nd probably the eyes of others this is reason eoug fr the banning of bong .
h sport to say he lest is actually a lod sport , th simp reason being that th ea of the sport is to ' kock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sptsman and the de of oxin is an art for , he says at he does not specifically go to a boxing in to knc his opponent t t to win on points differences n to give hris Eubank his ust respect most of his fights have en won on pint .
Bt there is one excepio - the origil example , h first reerece why boxing should be banned , te ragic accidnt whre Michael ason was ut ito a ca by Chri Eubnk ( the man who does n't specifically go into fighs to kno h oppositin t ) .
Thi exampe oly proes to wel what a dangerous so called ' sport ' boxing is .
e boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to me te ' spot ' safr having rungide doctors , banning are an fihts bu the to and btto of the argument is ht any blow to h had case consieable daage .
The is alwa mu peculatin ove the dangers of suc a brtal spo as bong .
This is ephasisd a exaggeted when a compitor in th spor tragically dies .
A recen death in the ring as invitably le to a puli uproar on the safety of th pot , d the cotroves oer whther the spr should be bned or not is yet agi t frefront of iscusion .
Let us consider ho a professional boxr would feel .
He is clearly aware of the angers a brutlism of the sport , wic is possibly why he enjoys it so muh .
I have yet to her an boxer regret his choie of career .
Th exitement of ben in the ring , he jy at ocking an opponent to th canvass , and a the mony tat is ther to be made ae overwhlming ators which eep oxrs fighting .
he one at is there r the taking fo he very best of the be is ridiulou , and wth some top boxers earning us of money such as £ 20 milion ( or in Mk Tyon comebk cs , $ 60 millio ! ) it is hardly surpisig o imprtant t sport cn be to ome .
Lt us cosider ' Sk ' views , recently beginning a subscripion to iw Tyson " nex Lve Lits " .
This meme of th public does nt want th spot to be banned eiher .
o let us consider he friends or family of a boxer , w has be permanently injured ( or been killed due to a figh ) .
hese individuals nd others learning about the traic incident in h meda protst aains te sprt .
h famly , who re originally ganst the ida of their sn finishing college early to take up h sport would be leading the protests againt boxing .
How pleased , proud and ptriotic th British pulic ft he Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goa nd bcame e Heavyweight champion of the old , t how sorry mn we to e m etun to boxing ater his head inuies earlier in h areer .
This hyocritica vi is shoved by so may that whter bxng shuld be banned or nt will remain a controersal ssue for t forseeable future .
Ther wer 2 main objectios raised agnst th introduction of the atonal lttery .
The first was the objection that the lottey would be ttle more another frm of taxation , in fact , none tn ha , a tax on th por .
The second d min objection came from charities who redicte at charitable dnatios would go don wih the intoductio of the lottery , as people woud be less likely to give mone to charity , instad buyn a lotery ticket , with the cuse that some of h money spent bying the icke would go to carty .
There was also some conrovrsy over e awarin of th lottery oranisation francise , which eventually en to Camelo , whh was not se as the stongest ctender for h bid : other copanies or consriums romise to gv more money to charity with lower runnig costs .
Rihrd Bronon promised to gie all of his profits to cariy , ut was rjeted .
My ersonl objectons to Cmeot as the ottey organiser is ha a arg propotion of t consortium are american or foreign frm , for exapl IBM has a sizeale stke in Calot .
he British national lottery u by nn Britsh firm .
since its introduction tere has en more controversy over t nationa lottery .
When it promised to iv 45 pec in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to proise tt mt or l of this moey wol go to cariy .
Ter has also bn some controvers over th aloction of money .
For example 3 million pund wre gven to Eton coleg one of t richst pbic schools f a gymnasium mony w also given to te rya opera house .
The lottery seam to be a everse Robin Hod : sealng fr e por to give to t rich .
h lotter has lo suffered alegations that it is addicti , especially with th introduction of scrtch ars .
It ha ben clime that it is so adictie tha pole ill sped al their aviliable cs on lottery ticets , ol to be disaponted .
It hs been cacuated tt only 4 pece ou of every poun recieved by he lotty goes to caritble causes , he rest is tax the prize fnd , profits , and the so calld charties .
It hs als been calclated that the chance of winning aything substantial is one in millions , ie highly unikely .
It ha als ben alegd that e jackpots ae too high st of the ucky winners have sad thmelves tht he jackpot had runed their lfe , alenatng them fo iends and famiy .
In conclusion , I think tt the ltery should be rtaned , but t in ts prese form . I think ha jackpos sould be cappe at 2 million punds , and the prize fund sred beween more people : it is better to ive foten eople a fortune than to give fourteen frtunes to ne eson .
I woul ls reove ay american buisness interests a give the chariy mney to more disrvng ' chity ' .
Now he lottery is in pace , it woul be very dificut to remove it rom soety .
The computer a bee one of e mos influential inetions of l time .
Computers now dominat the majority of goverent busness , science and communication , as well as man other areas of han li .
In many ways , it has akn the lae of the man brai in performing alclations d thout proesses .
The st obius example of is is the clculator , an instrument used by matmeticans and scientists for makng numerical calulatios .
This s made it no lone neessay for th humn to erfom calculations a run throug equatios , an so need not understand the principles behind thm ay loner .
his , nortunately , ean that h genius ientist is beng repacd by te powerful copute n its operatr , ho need only to know which buttns to press .
Ths a seem an extreme ve , as there is sil uch in he wold of ats d science which a omuter c nt calculte , bt this ma ot be the ae centuries nto te fure .
Computers hve been used as a ens of keeping rcords , the hve l ut superseded handwritten tx , ( in a e decade people a well be acd ith a computer screen nd keyboard in ther General Studies xm ) , tey a used to transfer money acrss the globe , even to crte rtwok and to entertain .
Compur generated pictures , ncluding ' fracta ' pictures , dawn rom equatios , seem to be mo popar th han pinted imges rm an artst 's iaginaton , and couter games se to provd ore entertainment tan a ga or tivity tht akes place in e rea , pysial world .
Vitual reaity lows peop to have ' 3-D ' ntertainment crated for them by a computer .
Whther or o te computer is taking or fr the hun brain , it has certainly ade he uman bd l but redundnt .
People , businesses or rporations a be contated at a point aound the globe by fax machines , e - al and te intere , nd oe peple prefer these orms of communcation to ctually meeting fc to fa .
Mey can be transferre instantly without even needig to mov th atual money - the physica cinae does n't mate , it is th cmuter records that state hw muh ch bnk has owership of .
However , he dea that the uman brain is no lone uefu is ot entirel tue ( ! ) Computers a not deal wth human beis , have no capacity or coping with anything outide their expected situtions , and can ot dpt to w situations usg judgemen .
Human beings often act ithot logic or reason , an only other human beings can cope and deal with ta .
so , omputers can break dw , nd then a human is needed to take control - uch as an ailine plt , ad there ae still certain tasks ony a human big ca perfor , and they a often among the simplest .
he cie , they cheered .
Their aes expressed joy , trump , pride an perplexit .
The old wtchd in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of th TV , expecting soethng ne at every moment an ot wanting to miss it -- I remember ha da it as he nly topic of conversation at schol : " Hve you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Aer l is tme ! " , " I never thought it wou happen .
" We all felt hat we were liing e of those hitori moment tat you ea abot in a histoy book ad wee proud to be a part of it -- It ws November 9 , 198 , th y hat the Wall fell in Berlin-
Wihin a few weeks , the excitment had did down and people ha turned their attention to re rect news .
ut or me , ths had ben t start .
It a the start of what our n as - President Buh lks to refer to as " o " winning of the Co Wr --
It s th eet ht gve the people of e Eastern Bloc countres th hope that thei efforts were t in vin -- Fo 40 yeas , h people a suffed une a communist regime tat had not allowed them to eress thselves reel or to leae thei homelands in seach of a new lfe -- Man people h tried to escpe .
Some hd been executed -- I h a classmte whose fater hd escaped from Hungary -- He a left s mily and friends , his whole lfe ad ad t out fr Western urope wit litle money .
I ad aed him once if he had n't ee scared , scared of what he would find once he lt --
He tld me that nthin could compare to h a he h been fced to live his life there -- Ev though I ad lost touch with this classmate , her father 's wod were it me as I watche the events unfld in Germany --
oltered by the Germs ' success , the pele of Hungary , chekosloaquia , Polad an Rumania rose agant commust regimes as well -- Nw , hee yers ter , commusm as we oc new it no loger exists .
Wheher the people ae hppier or n , I can not say --
However , ey wi have at least se th " other sid " .
Ther strugges and hoes of forty years wil nt have ben in vain -- Witut e " events of Berlin al " hitoy robably would not have taken a very different corse -- Eventually , I thnk that things wud have tund t as te d --
However , hstory can not be rwitten and as thngs stad the Fall of te Berlin Wal actively conributed to the resurgne of hope a struggle in the rest of the Eatern Bo -- As such , it a the catalyst orc ta led to the end of th Cold War and therefore , thogh we y not aways remember the other significant event , we il always remember h day e wal fell --
Te deveopmnt and implmetation of tehnoloy has affected societies in every corner of e wol .
I do not speak of a crtain obet in particular , but of echnology as a ole .
This thing , technology has been ad wll always be oth t osest frind and yet the greatest eesis of our wor .
Scece and tecnoloy hve alowe me to tvel to this rt of he world , hy he provided a iving fr my family , he ae cured my grandmthe of cacer , a ey provde orizos of pe nd knowledge in te fields of medicine , science , ngineering , d ee the ls oet corners of o ives .
The use of e meas huas av developed is wherein the reatet problems lie .
lone , they do no threaen us , b when they become welded it certain spect of a certain people in our soietie , hey ecome poentialy h most dangrus thng tha we ol in our hands .
peaing from my xperience living in the Unted States , I av come to el that technology has bome a are detriment to our yout in particular .
People sa that tenological development h made our wrl uc smaller ,
and I ould oncur tha a reat majority of Americans live in their ow prsonl cloets .
In schools , eography classes rael , if ver , exist .
Before I ae to Spn , a grp of children aed me if Spain as in ichian .
Explaining ha Spain wa locted across the ocean did not see to iprve their understanding of t layot of our orl .
ciene an technloy have had effects on e U.S. that n not be decribed , and I feel that its pele have adopted h same " I am a elf - sufficient- I do n't need n help " type of mentality at wll slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other culturs , and other languags is vry lw on te priority list of ou educators .
Until I was 15 , I as unabl to study y forein language at all , ad even at that time I had only one choice of laguags- Gern .
Sic I was twelve , I had an inense desire to lean Spanish , n bcaue of the cirumstances , that I mentined before , I ha no choice but to it unti I w twenty years o to even begin to lan ths language .
Mine is t he only xperience like thi .
The ffort of t United States has caud our minds to be har , a a wld hat is grwin wile my conry lags behn in is selfish lf - satisfation .
Ma eope argue nowadays that , it the advt of computer technology , ur metal arithmetic is poor a we ar becomng a aion of couch potats .
It is true in a way , the developent of prtable calculating machines ( calculators ) a eat ht we no loger nee to be able to wrk out sums in our hea , t at wt st ?
In many shops , h cashir appear to be dumbfounded by t simplest of sums ithou he aid of their till .
In many ares , the skill of human judment hs been eplaced by faster , moe accurate , computers .
ay people hav ad teir b positions taen ove by comuters .
Filng caines a becoming a thing of the past with coputr databes .
But even such menial tss as fling a goo fr us .
They encourage organisational skills and idines .
When people talk about artificial inteligence ( AI ) , you er mn funny tales fr people wh e convinced that t oputers re coming live ad will eventually rule us .
These re just h ratings of people o have nothing to do with computers and w do not reaise that ehind very computer is a programmer .
Even ' arificial intelligence ' needs to be programd .
Humn rain still work out hw to buil the omputrs , how to progr them an , mor importantly , h to control te .
As for makin the human bran redndan computers can help to improve larnig skls , thy n teach , test and mrove u linguistic ills .
Rflexs re mproved ( an this has been scientifically proven ) by playing compter gas , th very sam thins tha pants say turn their children in ' zomies ' .
We a expand o magination and convert o ides ino compte simulated mdls , enblin us to eign buildings and ra etwork .
The omputr revolution has t made ou brains redundant , it h opened up ras of them we never kne exstd !
It is now the ae of the computer .
Alms eeryne own a coputer or as aces to one .
Computers owadays e a fr cy ro the ne 's in the pat hic iled whole rooms .
They r able to generate amazingly ccrate grahial representations ad perform extreme difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a hge pat of u lives in both e areas of work and educatio .
Bt are they suc a good thing ?
Wh calulators cm alon a drp in ablity of stuents for menl arithmtic w obvious d ow hy are used fo h simplest calculation .
T computer could do h same thing .
Computers encourage lazins in h gneral publc , w ok out something yourself when the compter can do it f o .
This is very time saing ad efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For nstace , spelling is no longr as imortant as it was ou n simply use a " spellcheck " to correct yu Enlis , wih is absud .
For e youth of ody computers ffer lins around te worl and millions of cts nd figures .
This col be argued to be educational .
However , ths is illin the imagination of cilren a te spend hors sat at a keyboard taping aa in th doom nd goom of the use .
They should be u enjong themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading abou hem on a flat reen .
It is ai hat yu can meet pole through comuters ad ve ' relationhips ' .
I fid this preposterous and people are osing th ability to communicte and form reationship .
Compers can offer scpe from te u - dr routine of dily life by means of games bu they are nd - nubng a un - inventive .
Tere is however a more dangerous threat from comters , it is that tey can do te wok f mn .
Ts could lead to hi unemployment .
Those people wh wr wt computers r lng perios of te every dy ac problems .
The reetio of tapping keys al da nd staring at the sreen can be harmful and not only that it is ighly oing to do t am hig or a ove aan .
Computers m be he future but at part will ma ve in ths future .
Ther wi be no ed for popl to go to school as the cold be taught at home , eople wol arly ever talk d the oly caer availale wul be fo computer rogrammers .
I agree tht computers are helpful u people should not lie through their computers and be so reliant on them .
Thy should rd ooks and live more in ordr to reai the lost imagiatio d ense of adenture .
Also , in schools I feel that work shou be dn maly by hd and calulator and computers should ony be use minimally in mathematics in order to stop e production of computer adits nd again ae normal people .
hre are many benfical aspects of genic manipulation .
These include : he erasi of dentification of hrful hereitary genetic disorders ad the development of ybri hg - ield crops .
Ther cn be no ubt ht genetic manipulaion an gnetic engiering have had higy beficial effcs on may ares of societ .
However , an people dislike or r prjudiced ainst , entic mnipulation .
Partly tis is a ' Fear of te unkown ' ; somethi whch tpers with the intriic components of plnt and aial lfe is beyond compehension for most eope , nd therefore provokes ar .
What eole hve lso becme awr of , is the immne power whch genetic maipultion can give to certain individuals .
Ts has en very good to eed popular culture ( he ilm ' Juraic Park ' being an obvious refeece pin ) .
Ther is also hower , the ery real possibility tat the power of genetic manipultin coud become the possession of uncontrolle unregulated indiidals who cold s it for ' evil ' uroses .
This te , is an rument agast centists bearing mor responsibility for their or .
Anthng in lf can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to tb someone , a r used to run someone ve , or something as harmless as a pillow ued to suffocate .
Everthing in life , if misused , a ha harfl effects nd gnetic engineering and geeti manipuation a no exception .
Though te possible efect of gneti manipulation may be fr rger tan a kitchen - nife or a , tis is prel a subjective view by present - a standards .
Certainly we would no hod the makers of a ca or kithen - nif repnsible for their isus , nd hee is no reson wy scienits shol ea e major burden or responsibility if genetic manipuation is put to misuse .
The fudamntal flaw in saing scientists must bear t maj burden or mor responsiblity for thr work , is tt if thi had ben pplied universally for centuries , scientif reseah wud never have tken place , n mankind wou be without electricity , radios , ite imply , anything above te m h ' eistence .
Scientific researc is ot a crrupt , t an essenta and natural part of the human coditon f bettering iself .
Te other funaental lw is asuming that indiidul scientist have responsibility , Scien is a poces of discovery rathe hn creation , ie .
no - ne created gneti manipulation , e pwr of it was there to be discovered .
If o scientist does not make a discver then aother on il .
It is unfair to hld responsible he scientist on the or front of uma knowledge , who discovers somthin when anothe cienist in another part of the world may mke e discovery indeendentl atrwards .
The oly argument for making scientists esponsible for their wk , is tht quit often , and particularly in te cae of genetic maipulation , it would ed a scienti to isuse knowledge , and therefore they hold be responsible .
Whi genetc manipulatn is relively new , it takes a scentis to car it u , n terefore an individual scintit could be held resposible .
Bu , on gnetic manipulation bcomes common - pac in the futue , and it is not nly the domain of sientists , te originals scientis ho dscovere geneti manipulation can no be held responibl for other 's misue of it .
hee r many probems facing te Monarchy .
oe of them are listed blw :
The diviion in their famly a the figh etween prince and h princes of Wales and e possibility of he divorc .
The oher problem is that people s ( or think ) tha they do nt do anything but they are ch and also hey do o ay a txs .
Another poblem is hat peple think that Monarchy is abolishing in many coutrie and many countes a republic so Mnarchy suld be abolished in his cntry too .
here re also argumet gainst abolishing te Monarch o .
Fr examl many people li the royal family or ey are hont pple not lik the politisions that lwas lay .
I hin e oal fail and onrchy is a a tadition in UK n anywhere in te world , UK is kno by it oya fily , so I do t thik it should be bolished .
In the e I hink if many people wnt the Monarchy to be ablised a geral election should be cald and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is e fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a tstbe .
T egg is takn fro he mother nd placed in an environment whih wl ptimise te chances of frtiliation by e sperm frm the fater .
Once fertilisation a occured the frtiised gg is implated ba into the mothes womb and from thr on te pregnancy ill be normal .
Normally more than 1 egg is tan rom e mothr so hat t eggs can be sore and us later if the pregnan is unsuccesful or so that more than o cn be ertilised at the same time to inceae te chace of a succesful pregncy .
Th usually lads to ultiple births ie .
twns , tiplets etc .
Tere are people wo re ains hi , saying it is no atura a is it fair to te cid aving started ie in a test ue , as they believe lie starts from t moment of coception .
There are hics involved whereby wo is given t reament ad o is n't ?
, at what e hould t treatent t be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in iro fertilisation for oe prsn hen e ame aunt of money could be ued to sves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles r example .
The people who are o this can argue by sayng that it is e right of every person to ae their own child .
omen w would not normally be abe to have chldren cn now do so wth invitro fertlisation .
hough no fault of h own s could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be nable to allow eggs down to e womb and it is only far in helpig e to have children .
Technology has progesed quickl d in doing so ehis ad practical uidelines hv been lf behind .
I tereore thk it is necessry to ave certain reguatins ie .
1 . Fertilit treatment should no be given to pt - menpausal women .
h menopaus is the body 's wa of tlling you that you ar to old a yu boy is no long capable of bearing a ab .
Last year tee wa a case of a post menpausal woan who by lyng bou her age as gen in itro fertlisaton ( VF ) .
I do n't tink this is fair or orall corect to the child since e moher woud be claimn her pension when she wa at riary hool ad her mother would probably di wile the child a in her tes .... the shold be a tet tt is given beoe ( IVF ) is carried ut to ceck the mother is no pas the menopause .
2 .
gs shuld ot be taken fr aborted foeuses .
The foetuses ll av ben aborted for a rason fo exampl : if it as t esut of a rp or if it hd congenital deformities .
Thr shou be a guidlie or law stating th eg should only be ake fro the mote ad not from de , feuses .
Scienc ha moved on draaticlly sinc th C19th .
any new tigs hav een invented and many things medcally ae chane .
People in our modr tmes a ow able to have lvr , heart a ve ung transplnts , there are an complcations but any re succesful .
People re be to have a wol new bod pply if thers cks the suficien requirements or , a bn marow transplant if he blood lcks white cls .
Al the aoe are crrie ut on livin peopl , but nowadays bioloical oeratios can be rried u on human whi ae n en born .
Bodies an strt teir days in a et tubs .
Thi is calld ' in viro fertilisation ' .
This is en an egg is removed from a wom placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to e test tube and the egg and perm fue together .
T test tube is ten inubate for a few week and when the ftous is formed , the baby is then inered ack in to the mother .
The feus is left to row d deelp aturally .
his idea is extreey benficial to marie couples wo have been trying fo a baby but hae been unsucesful re able to ha childre .
An in itr fertilisation alws th by to grow inside , whic allows he moter and baby to bond a it wud eel apat of her , ti wol not happn if th ouple aopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is hn a oan o is pos - menopausal decides h wnt a baby .
Natue a lready take ts curse to tll hr s is too old to ave any chldren so why should she have one implaned no e .
It is n fair on h child because whn it rows up nd al ts friends e layng with thr 30 - 40 yer old parents , its mother could be drawing her pnion n I am sur she ould no feel lik playng with er child .
Also the mohr may e of old ag before th hld as le a full lie ad this uld be ufai to he child .
T child my also have to look fte th mother in her od g .
As e ftos begin i lfe in a est tbe , n e perm is selected , is means hat the sx of the perm coul also be selected .
e way the e can be chse is by using genics .
Te women has 2 X cromosomes an the m as on X and a Y - chromosoes .
e w in which the s can be slectd is tt the g is alwy X and the perms nucleus can either ontain an X or a Y chromoome .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they a be sparated .
If h mote ants a boy Y sem is selected an if a girl X is selected .
Thi may lead to an icease in n sex , and a deine in the thr .
As a sult this would redu the population as tee would be less cople .
lo at appen if most people the year you are orn ar men d yo are a woman , hi would be th unpoplr sex .
Scien is progressing all te time , u is it for the bes ?
T mn reson for the pople of Brita to to eating ef at he moment is the hret of BB .
Thi is a val isase th atacks the central nervous sstm which can be passed on through consumumng te ania .
In cows it is comnly know as ad o dieae and by a any ow showing hese gns must be destryd and not sold fo mat .
h roblm is however the signs r not swn for a long time , this being a viral disease .
It an be passed on to humans throug eating parts of h animal such as the brain which is affected and ese parts r usually sod and put to ast foos uh as ef burgers .
The rest of the et however is relatiely safe n atin , e.g. a steak offrs very littl chance of te isease being passed on .
Hoever e Briish press hs ignoed this fact and blow the situatin t of proorion nsidering only a ry small number of pele have died of the disease fter a lifetime of eatn beef .
Another reaso for h British pepl to stop eating bef is the pu or vegetarianism , although this is a muh maller threat to h trade than e former point abut B .
These factr could ave a considerable impact on the agiculural industry preventing the sale of Brtish dair livetck not only in Britain but fr expo aswell .
Wi global comuncations as ood as they are now , it cold end a scare acros t wold abou British Beef - ided France nd Germany alrady hve restricted a smplaces band he sale or impot of British ef f fear of it 's afety .
Altogh Briti frmer have learned to iversts , airy farming and h se of Beef prodcts still forms the backbone of British agriculture ad woul completely change the face of farming in Brita .
Wether the switch to hee or vegetabl rops we ade , subtantial chnge woul be needed to change the siuation .
Peope troughout e United Kidom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by imges in the tional pess and tevision news of cows who ad contracted t disease bovine spugifor encephalapthy , or BSE .
T so - called ' mad c disease ' seemed to mak e os lose al ens of balance d rection , stumbling around drunkenly .
Hrd where this iseae was und ee put down efre the symptoms progresed further .
Those ws which hd been p down were n us fr food .
Th disas ifets the c , d is en present in h spinal lui wihn the pne d the brain , and as the pinal fluid is usually spilt in the saughter of cattle f mea , the risk of contaminatin of the et was e the industr as no willin to tke .
Th human disease , Crentzfeld - Jao disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no cler lnk hs yt bee established betwen he two .
It is unclea hethe incidence of CJD is on the rise , or ether awaeness of the condition is heightened , t more ses , from al ages have been diagnosed recntl , and he disease is always fatal .
Te governmnt insiss , perhaps corectly , hat ritsh beef is peectly safe to eat .
Howevr , eople are genuinely scared of he presence of the disease in e U.K. , n many are abstainng frm eating beef .
any schools have removed beef fro their eus , subsituting pr a hicken , a sas of beef have shown a dcline .
The implications for t beef industry uld be rather serious , where evrybdy to bocot beef products .
To compensate , beef prie ave dropped , in attempts to sell moe meat , but e public remains sceptical .
If beef cntinus to fl ro favour , te the ef industry 's futr would be unclear .
Bf products are prsent in many foodstuffs suc as jellies , ruit gums , ad of course stock cubes .
Wuld a these products have to fin synthetic or substiute ingredients ?
vn if te entire ef industr were to grind to a alt , th numerous hed of beef attle worldwide would no longer be neded , bt , being bred as they are , for be , they wou be usees for milk prducts .
t ll beef a be infected , though , an the situation has become a waitng ame .
For ef to be rpreived or codened , we e forced to trn to he scientists to establish whetr or n BE and CJD r like , a , more imortatly , wther the latter can be conracted by eating meat contaminated with h former .
The ntion awaits the verict on tenterhooks , nd it is in h majority 's interess hat there be no prven link .
Wah this spae .
Personally , I believe that it is merely ha m is better at diagnosing CJD no ta ever befo .
Some reports sy that it can take up to 20 yers to develop , so we ould al alady have it .
hatever you beiee , I shall otinue to enjoy my roast beef and Yokshire pudding , thankyou .
There has be a big cae in rtain recntl that some beef may cntain BSE ( bovine spogiform encephalpathy ) which may lead to t human equivalet of CJD ( Creutzeldts - Jacob disease ) .
S is a disease in cs tha effects ther brain an sial tissue ( or offal as it is someimes kon ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a simil or of the disease fond in humans , it is know thought that ' mad - ow dease ' ( BE ) is e case .
esarchers believe that ating beef cotainig ffa will ransmit the fatal diseae to humans .
This claim h devestated the British bef ndustry as peole are o to scared to eat beef in case they cntact the llnes .
Aleady he ale of beef in Arica ve dropped by bou 15 % a in Brtain tey have droppd about 6 % - 7 % .
Athough scientiss say ht to cntract CJ part of the cs ofal must be coained within the eef .
customers are still reluctant to t th meat icas it has me fom ome ' dodgy ' bucher trig to cut osts .
As u n imagine th hs had a tremendous inffluence on sales in place such as fas food restaurants where beefburgers are the mai item on te menu .
An examle of one is MacDonalds wer the have mmedately roght out a nice stain that their beeburgers ae made from 00% of he fiest , pure bee an ctain no offal .
In my views no half decnt restaurant wit a god reputation woud isk uyng poor eef in case a customer caught CJD n he managed to trc it ak to h restaurant .
An outcom lie this woud mn they wol be sued for several tousands of punds an would probbly have to sl up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production there would be a ower need for bef cows .
his man tha there would be an eess of bee ( or a beef mountain ) that coud ot be sold .
Because of this the prices of beef would have to ecrease in order to attrat more customers .
So , as a rsult of e cim tha beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humns , famers ( in particular bef farmers ) e sing out as hy wll have to sell teir at for a lowr prc due to te w dmand .
As a resut hey may hae to divsify towards ther areas sh as crop , milking cows , t . or even have to get a government subsdy .
I feel hat t evidence tt E causes CJD was t trog enough before he clms were elased .
It ha theefoe caus an uneessary , deleterou effect on the agrcultural industry and bee market .
The quston of compnsaton f service rendered is ver so simple as remiting a predtermined salary based on qualificaion nd a prson 's dedication to he task at hd .
If o has preconceived notions concerning e 's salary , one will certaiy be disapointed sinc som employers are ue to alue their skills nd abilities less tan others . "
Cnribution to ocity " is subjectv and therefore imssible to compensate " qualy ' .
In the 90s in American , it became very popular to disdain people who did n actually work for a living , but merely lved off e interst of tei invesments .
The sok mrket was experiencin a boom , n sverl formerly woing - class ciizens became walhy d relied the ida of retiring ary .
But sevea great auors of that period questoned t right of these investors to effectvely lv as arasits ; they received money , but thy contributed nerly notng to ociety .
Peole ho inherit money or live o the interest of investos often seem to snd hir time in search of a new thrill , some sort of exiteent that money can not buy .
Hvng almot unimied wealth cange peopl , both tse wh ar or into wealth a those h earn tir own money eary on .
But do thy hve th right to live ths way ?
What about people who work very rd yet ey seem to be pai miserably .
A irant wok may sla away in a fied all dy og ad make les money in a da tan a wealthy person pnds on a tip at lunch .
he answ this qstion lies in one 's felings about Democracry .
Sme would aue tat if a person is mat nugh or uck enough to earn moey fo an ear etiremnt ( or fo hei childr 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather har view wuld be that if someone w works on a menial or physically taing job do ot ma a fair or modeate salar then it is h or er n fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinos ar bse on a rher fuly Amrian premise tht all people are givn an equal chan in if nd what they make of it is their o responsibly .
Apparent , most ople believe that they e underaid a that others are overpaid .
For instnce , everyone eems to thik that doctors make much to money for the or they do , ye nn of h doors r lowering their es ( they must thnk tht it 's a fair pre ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on e personal lives of wealty peol by making tm work hardr , or gi people who ae not walty mne that society os o believe hey deserv , we can not gve pay equal to cntribution to society .
I agree tt in the past omen have had problm wt societies re of wha hy are expeted to do in the wrk place ad at me .
omn have been looked down on if they try to get had and p ha difered th the sm j fr a man erses a woman doin the same job .
Goe is th age tt the woman is require to stay oe .
ow a l of women work and the ones that want to stay hom do it ecaus they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's oles is the feinits .
Tse are grup of people ht ave defended women over h yar .
These people he shown the modern world wat women in the work place c do .
he problem is that hse femiists ve not looked at all wmen .
Sme women we happy wth old traditions , se wanted a bit ore in her ives , some wanted a t moe in eir lives .
Wha appen is tt all women have to go ong ih thes fminiss rles .
Tis makes it har , ecase if hy do n't , they are looked dwn upon by heir piers .
An example is military womn waning to serve in combat positions when at w .
Femnsts arge this a lt wh te Ia war wa gng on .
They felt hat women should have been giv the cance to fgh .
I felt tht these people were crazy .
Woen ju ca n't ght in a war very well .
h are nt stron eouh and if captured ould be rpe .
hey feel that it is t fa tat n ae th onl ons .
Other wen , tough , ar ld hat the rule in the Unied Stes stands as it does .
Femnist he talked about promotions in te work lac as not being air .
lo sexual harassment is invlvd in a lot of suits .
Mn women believe tt they are he vtims .
I are ta five to n years ago thi migt have bee true , t now mn employer ae the vctims .
They are scared of what a woman can do d sometimes wen get loked at diffeently .
There are some things that women can do better han m d tee ae om hings hat men an do better than women .
God would ve created us l the sam if th ws no true .
Feminists e tryig to mae everyone equal nd at is ipssible to do becuse atur cn n be canged .
Mr and more ofce jos ae eing filled by he won u a lot of e phyicl jbs are still filled by me .
I think tha the traditional roles were a ood thing , but the odernzation has chaged eveyone 's habt .
Diorce is at fifty percent an riig , women ar haig more heart attaks , being mor stresful , n ids are beg moe neglected .
odernizaton is ood , bt I ink hat women should not be pressured into this if tis is n fo th .
There wl be a womn in the presidency , an unning a t more opanies .
Women should be created equal , bu th can ony do what nate intended they to do ...
henver a movement is began wheter it be political , rliious , or artistic , stereotypes re uic to form .
Pepe norally associted wh politics , religion , or at are quickly lumed ito cteories regrdless of iividual differecs .
is tragdy is orened by e tendey of ths outside e vement to remember te rdica d ignore t ommn or ordinary .
This is espeially true of the oen 's Liberatio Movement in America .
Since is beginings in the lt ninetenth entuy , Won 's Liberation s be m wt adamant , ad fen obstnate oppostion .
Some of te first adcals , Suan B. Anton and George Sand ( although Frch ) were noticed d ridicule , hu defeating thei caue , ecause of eir agrssive ctio .
At e ae time othe fminits such as Emil ickison were irtully ignored durig their lfeime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the ovemet .
This gnorance of other ess aggreive feminists , mde it em as togh th fminis moveent as eaded oy by wl , isgruntled zalots n was therfore , detrimenal to e gd of soiety .
Alhough " radals " such as Sn and Anthony sem docile and backward in oden standards , th probl sil exists .
Fom the very beginning h Womn 's Movement in America has been fighting a long battl .
Hoever , I contnd that e fault does o e wit he adial mebes of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing he movement .
hen omen 's Lib realy oo o again in the ate 1960s , it was gain destined for faiur .
Immediately , e focus was on adicls like Stein , instead of the ousewife o returned to clege a made a career r herself .
hose outsde h movement could nl see h diffrence btween " normality " and Women 's i .
This is stl re twenty - fe years lte .
Wome supporting eql p for omen and and thr " liberal " causs li affirmative action ae oly seen in the shadow of te a - burning , nt - shaving leaders of the 70s .
he good of thei ase is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - clled feminists have not in and of themselves harmed he Women 's movement .
However , th ppulr perception of them has .
For so any ear he go that feminists have promote for wome has fallen by the ayide in lieu of oer more interesting , i.e. radica ideas .
Like ny other aspects and moveent in life , they would be re adiliy receivd if the public it w beig aie wa not so jaded .
Within this century tere hav en many technological advance which hav resulted in a drastically different society th ha of a hundred years ago .
Clarl , of th inventon of this cenury , e on that h made the mo mact on wor iew and lifestyle is te television .
This nstrment has brought otr worlds iht int t ivng oo , making it possible to see li in ohe countries in a y that was never efore possible .
However , the invention of television als gave society an asy wy to aste tim ; on hs nly to turn it on to une ot raity .
eleviion has potential to oer wonderful hings to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cuturl progam bou fr away pces , d a closer ook at current evets than can o be giv by newspapr .
Television has th per to brn a it te home as well as aristi expressions of hse involved in e prgram production , giving society he opportunity to understand eir own culture mor fuly .
Hweve , this is not the wy in whic eleviion has influenced society .
On the contrary , televisio has become he escape route of the ases , a w for people to flee from the coflicts te experence in their culture , rate than confront them an try to understand them .
In the minds of mst Americans , television is regade as a divrsion ther tha an educational tool , as fre entertinment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Milions of Americans cn be found to be staring at the T.V. at any ne ie , watchin sit - ms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
The T.V. has become th center of many ouseholds ; in many families , the ony time that eveyone is together is when hey are atching telision .
T.V. is a ajr cause of lak of ogeterness foun in many Amercan milies , and s also resultd in an inreas in lainess .
he mr time one spends waching TV , th les motivated he become ; tee is no eed to eek worthwle actiitie whe it is mch easier to s on the couch , pck up t emote conto , and tae at a box .
Television , therefor , has changed society in ways that could hrdly hae be dreamed of 00 years ao .
It ha given society anher creati vein , a look at wrld hich col be see in no oter way , an an opportunity to better educate itelf .
However , throughout the years , television has lost uc of its iterety ; the pogras offered e usually cheap entertainmen rater tha education .
The entertainment spect of teevision s ffered society an es escape fom its pobems an dificulties .
Therefore , since th invention of teleision , sciey has becomed more inormed but o lazy to ink about ti new inforatin , and has distanced itself fro faml life .
A dscovery that ha significantly chaned many peoples lives and tei ways of tnking is the epidemic , knon as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for hile , it 's presence hasn't reall bee now nill fairl recently , n it 's consuences ve been devistaing .
AIDS h definately ha an impct on eple in e Uited States and probably al ve te world becase it always leads to deat and there is no cue .
It s caused a lot of prejudce an paranoia among eole which has trn hem part .
For example , there is me of stgma attached to bin a homoseual male , not ony becaus of thr sexual peference , bu they robaby have AI too .
Tis in of ignorant thinking is breaking us apar .
Also , when yan White , a boy w contaced IDS hrouh a blood trnsfuson wa digosed , the pople of his own and i school treatd im lik a complete oucast nd wld n't allow h to attnd schoo .
With new discoverie of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time hh .
Dotors are discovering that some undetetabl strand of ADS do exist .
This as really scared peple because ey y have AIDS and n even know it .
I feel this has really ade people thi abut their actions .
In th earl eightie " casual sex " in the United State as a wide accepted idea , n it is sometng people really tae ito consideration a rarely occurs .
Relatonships eeme to be aled ore than on niht stands .
Pople re sarting to realize that they really do ha to be aeful , n with ore educati on this diseae , I 'm sure more changes ill cm about .
Te twentieth cetur s see more rs than any other previous oc of time .
Thogh advances in commncation , transortaion , d nforation shrin , the world as a body of peple iving in cls poximit , as rapidly sunk .
In t second of the world wars , h rae wa on to create the ms devasatin , most powrul , and mot frightening eapon our peole ad ee known .
In my opinion , th discoey and arnes of atom and its eery ad te corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have ben t mo significant factors of cage in our lifetime , if t , perhaps , in seera lifetimes .
As missile technology nd nuclear fusin apacities increased n improv , ear ban to replace nationalism , nd our small world erected barriers eween its members .
From my experience as an American , I can rmember assocating commuis ih nlear trat , Soviet citizs with ti - Chris , d omb shelters , scrt cities for underground , and weapons obitig ur planet , with daly , normal le .
erhaps this increasingly coon mentality is the worst efct of our nuclar , co war ag .
In a plae which desperately needs r fous on environmental d humanitara issues , my country h spn unounable trillions of dollars on nlear weapons testig , improvement , ad impleenation .
As a commonplac goal a testimonial landmark to 9 presidentia admiistrations , the cold war has manifestd i awesome pwer an onrol over nearly every cet of Aeicana ; frm survival kits and aement bombshelters to an ever circulating chi Executive commandpost from th i .
In jut the ps three yas our famil of ntion has seen th dismtling of h Berlin Wall and hundreds of other saller ymbols of fredo , ad an en to oppression in many circustances .
ith this , te walls , barbed wire , an etal barers are falling , bringng more change than u lant hs seen since it gnesis .
Although h l habis die hard , they r indeed dying .
In America the military has been rducd by sevra thoand troops , and h production of nucler warheads has virually arived a stadstill .
Hopefully , wih continued effort , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will trn from mediums of tratey , desructin , and wste to matters of energy producion , mediine , and oer humanitarian goals .
Wt thi thing of attitud , our frigid plet ad cold neighbrs ay on ain be a wm and friedl peope .
Th discovery of penicillin as an antibiic s ne of th gratst advances in edicinal chemstry .
As a natural ntibiotic , pniillin was disoverd to hav man uses in sopping and preventing the spred of infections .
Th " wonder - du " also led to t discovery of a variety of other naturally - occrrng antibiotics tht coud aso be clured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
Th sudden burst of usfu compounds not ny improve te hances of a patien 's survival in a hospital b lso caused a gret ned for medical chmsts to study nd classify ech ew drug as it a dicovered .
As discoveres of nw antibiotics deresed , chemits began to wonder if certain variations of these dug culd be sythesized d ls use as medicine .
It as alo attemped to increase the productn of th naturally - occurring ntibiotics hrouh sythesis .
Both of hese new attempts caused a need r more research , mo companies , and more medil chemis , and he industry incrased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older rgs cul be synesized effcently while ill emainig biologially active .
New drugs were ao yntheized ; some were fnd to be meially useful hie hers wr not .
A varity of new drugs contnuousy appeare on h aret nd chand e way people tough about takin medicine .
It ws ow muc easier to obtain antibiotics or smpl illnses , su as th ommon cold .
Hge enerprises , uch as Upjohn , re formed ad rew , d universiies had research tam devoted to prodcig efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antbitics .
T discovery of ne comoun led to the ncrease of health of milios of people , to he disovery of or and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams nd large companies .
T synthesis of antibiotic and rsearch of heir uses still ontines today as thosands of universities and companies around the orld continue the work of a small bacteria -- the roducer of penicillin .
h mdern microcomputer ( PC ) as evolved at an incedibl as pc : rm he very first modern coputer in the 194 's to the computers of today , there ave be many technlogical advancs d als ter hs been a tremendous impact on ociety .
The copuer a eliinatd man jos through automation of factories ; accunting , engineerig , an other scentifi programs , e .
he effects of t computer have been tremndos ; however , the phenomenon is a cah-22 .
The computer ha made life easir from a physical standpoint an harder om a ment standpoint .
e physicl efcts of the coputer are umeous d ealy en .
In ofces , te compue is everywhere .
From word proesors to sreadshet / database prgrams , computers av ade offie wor ease n faster .
Auomaion of facories has aso eliminated ay mnul jb .
so almos veryne has at les e simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
here are of course many other tngs computers are sd fr , u a lengthy st is not necssary as everyne aledy knows ( except fr people in 2nd and 3rd world coutries ) how abundant computers re .
Te ental efct of cmputrs is two - fol .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computatons so easy to do , many pople do not fully understand how or why their computer wrks .
This has cretd a surplus of " nedles " computations , figre , etc .
Peple n eail do calcuus or othr typ functions th a computer .
What mny eople do no realize is tt cputers ke errs all te ie .
Granted , it is e eson who " ld " the compute what to do tt truly made e error ; hwever if tht perso kne ht he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he wold o ve erroneous answers .
Mathematical modls , theoies , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors siply becas thre a many things people do n't now or ca n't pedict .
Due to hi rrors freuently exist in the wrd of computes imly because humans e ignorant- for whatever reas - of my " variables " .
Secondly , computers have someies become mre relabe han pople .
A computer 's cirits do n't get tird a , if programmed 10% correctly ( another perhaps impossible omputation ) , neer mae rors .
This supposed reliabilit has le many workers out of work .
The effets of thi are unpredictable .
Anger , frustraton , fa , a may other negative felins ae sprn up simultaeouly wih te rise of computer sage .
Clarly , there is evidnc of good and bad rsults from th advent of the modern ompuer .
It would be practically ipossible to throw he omputer wa or nee use it again .
Yet hre are prcticl solutions .
Btte mahmatical education is neeed fr eeryne who ses a compuer other an a simple calculator .
Also , urtaiing some heoreical programmin cud eliinate alarming preicions or erroneou results .
The key is probably in e cassroom .
People ould learn moe abut the ramifications about wht hey e oin .
( This roably would require understanding of philosophy n psycholoy as well as mathematics n scnce . )
In eiter case , if computers r good or b , it wold be ifficul to dsput teir impact on pepl 's lvs .
A are , 1/2 gg , sometimes as lrg as a smll FT , wth a metal arrw in it 's cener as changed te ze of t rld , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite dis , rated in e last 0 yar , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has creted T Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th ctry , is often laelled .
ot cerain abt te date of its inventin , it ut be recognized as one of the more vital toos used in socity today , amongst world leder , trading companies , an the mdia , as we as th entertainment wrl .
Ted Tner evolutionized the use of h atellite , wi h creatin of CNN , he rou - the - lock , rnd - t - worl es station .
Presdents and dictatos alik swih te hannel to recieve first hand information ro the ntwor , such as ipeachments , up d'etats or cvil wars .
Decison , of governmental autonomy , re bin made , based on tat nights news NN commentator .
Te leaders a pridents of enterprises sh as panasni nd ORE refr to N , reate by stellite dish , on a daiy base .
Socks are an integral part of their livelihood .
he entertainment old as aen full advantag of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information e , wit t MTV g .
h creatin of MTV in 18 , has dramatically changed th entertanmnt usiess .
The mny poured io creatin videos , and the profts from viewership- ae had a stng ffec on h old ecomy .
40% of U.S. millionares ae entertaiers .
T Saellte dh has also created distinct advantages r Cable TV and naal prgrams as well .
he intelligence of an erage teenager is lweing itself due to cable viewing , creatd by e satellite dish .
Naal porams ha wasted eceeding amounts of money in th Uited taes , due to t saellte dsh .
And one must o forget space prgrams such a SRWARS .
Th creatn of the satellite dish in h past 20 years , s alered t verag inteligenc of he human being for the better and sometimes wrse .
It a created an nforation age , whic cul be dngerus , a heihtened an enertiner 's lary .
Te pro 's d cn 's of e satellite dis are nerous .
The only obsevation hich ca be ae , is that : It h aterd peopl lives signicantly .
It is up to the average prson to dede if this alteration ill be for he betr or worse .
e discoey of t Atmi eneg , is unoubtedly e the most awesome as el as terrbe inveton not onl of e 20th cntury bt of all time .
In 1945 , J. Rober Oppeneimer unveiled to the rld his invnton in h for tht is still mos fmiliar to us toda : T Atomi bom .
e reason behind the er tha this eergy case is rote in its incredible powr to destr .
ver befor had e world sen something th such a caacity to kill .
Never before ha n object of ch small se ee able to take so ny lives .
or this reason , It is considered he most we - inspiring n dangerous wepo in te world .
Unfortunately , ih each pgressive da , the world 's eed for ts dangerous energy aumnts .
Fr not onl does it have the capacity to ki ,
bu als h caability to suply and energize e world .
The drawbck is t angr .
In tilizing this power in lants and facties we u the risk of contaminating ur lan , lowing holes in ur k , rendering or seas usless , nd killing our species as well as l the species of t erth .
Although we have any oer owe oure aternatives , we still continue to use th dangerous invnton .
It is illogical to think ta with continued nuclar s , we c escape harm .
lread as a reslt of polltion and ther various factors , we ave ols in or oon layer a problems wi our sol in many prts of e word .
It would be logica to thn hat he leaers of the world would confer and aspire to u a sto to nuclear us in an effort to avoid a further damage to the erh and its inabitans .
The saddes at of is tragey is tt hre have been very w efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almot appalling .
Wih e lk of respect fo the plet that is th geneal ttiude of oay , hat is to beome of our children .
The currnt situation of t wold 's environment is a s one .
It is lso however , a prblm of which uclea energy is only a small pice .
Unfortunately , the a wil soon come when the damage csed by ts apathy wil be irreversable .
Ti is h it is iperatve to c tdy .
It tats wt o .
Write your locl congresan .
An invenion of the 20th century hch I thin has significantly changed peope 's lives is the invention of h arplane .
he extend to whi his invention hs altered peop 's ves is astronomical .
T airlan opened ors to traveling and also broaded eole 's perptions of the entire wor .
It ao introduced ha seme a comletely mposible concept which no human is capable of dig wihout a mcine : the concept of flying .
Bore te invention of the airplane , lo distance traveling as a very difficult , tme consumin tsk .
For this reason peple id not travel extremey long distances and mied h opportunity of visiing countries wh cultures vr different ro teir own .
One could trvel by bot but thi as inovenient n often dangrous bcaue of vaious hings like dsease , hunger , and threatenng water ; also as noted above , it was extreey time consuming .
Because of te lack of long distance travel peol often ha a vr ethnocentric and limited conept of h wrl .
I have leare a lot about my own lture jus frm ein in Spain and that is the ony oreign country I have ever viste .
I can ait th before I cae to Sai I s vr ignorat about other cultures .
Even though I would wat he new and ead aout other cutures I till did not have e opportunity to witness it first ad .
The invnion of the airpln a opened many doors an oe ter do is international relations .
Since h invetin of t irlane the world has nceased close contact between political systems , and interational business endeavors .
Th frequency hat which foreign countries ar le to communicate a negotiate fce to face has improved drastically te estalishment of international trade .
Te airplane has also basically speeded up the wole ostal communication sstem so .
Life with airples is ore rad pacd .
as , telephones , nd nular eegy are just three exmples of inventions d disoveres ha have had pofound effects on modern da ife .
We must remeber , hover , that the field of technology is not t ny one in which significant advances hae bn mae in e th century .
Another " discovery " of this past cntury a ee feminm , which has ha a signifcant impact on he lives of both en a women .
Of crse , the isu of fminism is nt a ne one , but it is just within he past century that much progress has been md towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning he rgh to vote in the 100s ) .
As recntl as the 1950s , it was still the ost typical as wl as the ideal to he the woman in the home , houskeepng and tending e children .
The irs signficant eqa rights mveent in h U.S. was in he 70s with the qua Rights Amendment , whh ailed .
Een toda , the woman is stll only ernig smething like 60 ets or every dolar ht a man ears .
Feminism does not ny have to do it work n money , but lo wt e imge of wen .
It 's only recently tt we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rter , how much thins as varying as pornography or the lanuage we us hlps to or the imge of wmen .
A recognition of such inluences on th imae of omen is the first step in beaking it down , so that wome are seen fo ho tey trul a .
Feminism is better descibed as a " discvery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude tt h ot ye bcme mainstream .
Only wen women ha achived equality wh men , will ere ceas to be a ne for eminism , a e discovery ll have been completed .
he idea I fee tat a os significantly canged peop 's livs in t 20 century is that of caring or th evironent .
Tda , people ae ecome awa of he importance of envioment to our future .
People ae concerned wit nuclear weapons .
We ealize that cotries that whih he man eapos have t power to destro te world .
Als related to tis topic is nuclear was .
Nuclear waste is not oly harfl to humans ; it also kills anials ad lnts .
We are o ighting or acts to clan up our laks and ivers .
Companies ar no longer le to reely dump heir wsts w / o being heavil fine .
People hve also become concerned with natr .
We ued to assume our natural resourc were never ndig .
Now , hogh , we realize what we use , ned to be replacd .
For examle deforetation is a very i issue , ay grups hv fred to pan more trees .
We also realize our fosl fels ed to be usd more conservativey .
Aoter imprtant topc we are a aware of is ecycing .
Ths links 2 sses , one of ot oducing much nonbiodeadable roducts ad e other of reusn what we hv .
( Recycln in a small way also helps those w / o hme b / c they rcive ony for her cllections ) .
Many countres realize ht recycling is not oy beneficial to eir economy it lso is eneicial to their environment .
Another important isue is tt of conserving energy .
In the past , one again , we assued u energy s never ending .
Now though people are mor inclind to rn off their lights when he 're not in their roo , to t leave tps running an basically not to aste u natural resources .
We reaze that onservig is not benficia to our environmnt b it is al saves money .
We ha ao become more considerable of ou anial le .
We are no longer abe to kl animals frely .
We do till rse som for food but hunting is limited an we a all awre of h possibilitis of extiction .
One realizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , te iea of caring o te nvironent is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginnin to tae more precutins .
The idas above ar jt a few of the topics we are nw concerne wih .
But we r eading in the ght direction and hopfu by the 1st cntury we wl ha fixe evrythin we have destroyed !
Computers have defnitey fected peoples lives .
I hve a computer a my life a change because of it .
I 'm able to store almost l the infrmaton I need for hool nd or other thgs in my compuer whereas before I ha a computer my desk w cluttered w/ paper nd records of l srs , I no longer eed to keep hes record bu only to transfer thm to my computer .
This mea I 'm ale to soe more information in an orgized fashion .
Though I ae only used a fraction of my compute 's abiity , I 'm still ware of the tremendous opportunites hich I have or will hv .
Asde rm ing abe to stor great amounts of inf , I 'm also al to rocess and to dt things uickly .
For exampe , without t ue of a omputer I had to balanc my heckbook ne a moth and had to ths w/ a calculator , a n and a pice of paper .
Of crse , this s ver time consuming n open to error . W/ the se of a compuer I have progammed the computer to mk the clculations which I ce d to mke .
Also , w/ the s of he Word Processor I 'm be to edit and rerange dcumens w / out altern the ntir document , ad furhermore , hogh I have ye to use te Comunication pogram in my comuter , this proram seems to be extaordinaril helpful .
My father s th same pogram in s coputer ad is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving e huse and mreover w / out pickng up the hoe .
so , I ralize ha my experence w/ coputers is limited ad th the power of computers , r me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now re in Madrid .
o did I get there ?
Wel , I appie to the ti rogrm , w accepd , and lew her om h US .
Bt , w / ou te s of computers I would stil be strugglng w/ the seretary in e ntrnational rogams Office at Bton Universty , no obt .
Instead , on I applied to te program- h application r which was pobably computer gnerated- I assume my in was procesed by a computer .
W / o this luxry , te International rogras Offi would inevitably undated w/ paperwor a things woud therefore be ls or at eat misplaced .
Wen booking my fight , though I d not do hs mysf , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of omputes .
Computers ae a a ot significant impact on the people in the latter 1/2 of t 20th century .
An inveton of t th cetry that I hnk has significantly change peple 's les is telvision .
TV alws h instantaneous communcation of ideas , ages , ne , etc .
No , if somehing is happening in any ar of t world- from acss town l the way to eiing -- eve prsn in the world ca atc thi event as it is appenin .
While previously people hd to wait days , or even weeks o ws ( whch consisted of second - or hrd - had accounts , whc always invoved mh interpretation nd distortion ) now ty can se it happeng , for temslves , as it is happning , ths allows em to make ther own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necesary- uch as te gathering of oppositin to a certain aw -- it can be made immediately , whil the mtions are sill srog , a before e acion is finlized .
As well , the act at so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets mans that everydy ( well , at est everybody who watches ) receives th same inlw of information and dea .
So , for examle , people in Spain can be informed about hw peple in California or Japa speak an at , ti alows ople fo ifferen culturs to come togethe nd discuss ideas .
In my opinion , hs is n prt of th process of making the world a " smaller " , or unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist a called his world of he Informatio Age .
No only the news , but lso eertainment is an important practical function of television , through televisio etertanment , as through terature and dma , people lar difrent messages about life .
Th can se vaous actis acted out to thei ens , n understd th conequeces of hee ction , wthot havng to pefor the sam actos and xperince t onsequencs for themselves .
Unfounately these TV ows ae t always accrae portrayals of real lif d have a tendency to glorify iolnce , as well as making ie seem e go guy lwys ns , d alays lies hru dangerous situations .
Howver , his ense of reality is not so distorted , and so hiden that people are ing around acting lik Sprman .
As long as one has a well - developed ense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool o understanding e world we iv in .
The waters of the culunary ea he been calm d consistn for centuries .
Progress as move slow like the tides nd te constant rythm of the waves ae showed little change .
However with the daybreak of h twentyth century a som has brewed .
th this storm e waters have chuned and spawned a wave that has cshed upon the ock of every kitchen .
This wave is the microwave .
Ner bfore ha sh an inventio revolutionized a science like this .
A complee brea s bee forged in th a food is prepare .
At e aw of time , cave men cokd animal flesh over oe fires .
As Histr progresed , spis ad barbeques merged .
Tchnolog aw the advent of the wood stove , nd later ones fule by coal .
Modern times sw gas and electric rages as to stape .
l these things had e thin in common : FIR .
Fame , the surce of lif , always used to repar e ol of manind thoughut Histoy .
Hwever , e microwae uses radation to exce water particles in food , thus creting friction , whc creates ha .
Th is a ime xmple of tinking ha ds not follow in d foostps bu breaks ay om convenion and forges new routes .
If his were not amazing enough , te microwave cuts cooking time in hl .
If yo ha told soeone 00 ys ago that yo culd cu cooking time in half , d not e ire , they would have thought you raz , or bewiched , or unde he inflnce of havy drugs .
In an age were ti is th scarcest comodity , our society hs embraced this eliminator of wasted hurs in the kithen .
A mother who works , n co ome c whip up somehing in minute in the microwave , whereas before s would he ben savin in e kiten .
The mcrwave is xcelent for re - heting mking it easier f people to mak cess food to be ate later .
Again tie is nserved -- Chldren ae abl to use ths iple device without parntal fear of fires starting .
Fr As I av sa bere , here is no fir !
This marvel of technoly has helped propel people into the izzng pe of ie tat mt of us lead in te 2h century .
Throughout story o can e at great revelations in all areas come rm beaks in tradition , e insight , a differents perspectives .
All tese were needed to crea the microwave wch is essential nwadas .
Eating is somethng everyone must do .
Ts device has sped up on of or os important activities and thus revolutionized ie in the as pac 20 cntur .
When I was in tenth grade a teacher said that he 2 mot imortant inventions th made possible the idea of a reessive government ee the machne gun and the rdio .
A machine gun c be se to keep civil peace , efore arshll L .
The adio can be used to communiate ias nd ude a dictatoship , propaganda .
In the 0th Century the mcine gun as not changed ll that many livs ( excpt r those tha it ' s killed ) , but th invention of radio s made a trmendous mpact .
The ide behind th radio is siple .
Thee is oe tranmitter and it send it signals through e air , ave , with potential for millions of receivers .
In he 20th Century radio has beome a source of nformatio ad enterinment .
dio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can en comprehend o o livs would be different .
Every mornig I listen for he weather frast and dress acordngly .
At nigh one can i by the ado and ha how the events of the day unfolded .
Radi , ene , gives people the option of becoing pasive obsevers rather tn activ participants in he news making proes .
espapers ad been around r ay years bt it was not untl the inention of radio that the power of th media bcae eidet .
Radio gies the ability to reach ny more eope , istantly .
As a fom of entertainment , radio an ts mt imortan nd now more comon ofshoot , television , as chang peop 's lives .
A pical day fo a hil in today 's wor , consists of going to school and coming hm to watch T.V.
There hav eve be fms of entertainment , for example ideogames , ma fo ti other fr of entertainment .
Nowdas everybody watches T.V.
My señora , for exampe , is over 100 years old , an fr h T.V. is he reatst tin in the world .
e sits in rot of it all ay a it keep h hap .
Television ffrs soap operas , game hows , sit - oms , sporting events , movies nd much more to eep us enertaine 24 hours a day .
In hrt , I d ' t know at life a like before adio , but its invention has canged te y we e and do thin .
A urrent ideology in h nited States tdy is r one to be sccessfl , one mu follow al of e written and unwritten rules of scity ,
everyone has an equal opportuiy to succeed n when e does not do this ne fail .
One c e thee ideas in popla media everyday .
T.V. comercials nd T.V. rogams project models of o one should be .
In the 20th c , he vles of / tt the Unite States a founded on have canged in meanin and sense we apled to modern day America , nothing w ve qal .
d today , since the inenion n uiliztion of moern techoloies suc as ompuers lf for aerians oves at a much faster pc .
Peope ae moe mobil , c work more , n buy moe thngs , bt ime o eaxation and fmly are often substued with T.V. In merica , this growing indvidualistic society , one olonger se the realitive hmaness btween people , instead ne sees h differences , e uluky , the unuccesfull , and attribute thier inaequay to achie to a ck of effor .
With everyone moving at such a fa pa , t aps are esy to miss , the oices of he mass media easily replae those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of te new machine tat ned oiled and eglated .
he Voltaire wrote Cadide , a iterary sty known as Neolasicism s at is pk .
hre was a gou of schoars in France , l'caemie Français , tt set guidlines for French literature .
Accoring to l'Academie rançi , all iteratur of he Neoclassic period must follow the ruls of propriety whh regulated th uhor should avoid certa topi , inclding sx , vioence , hurch , and state issues .
Anthe standard upheld by the Academie is th idea of verisimlitue , making literature as realistic as possible by eepin the tie , setig a plot ru to if .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , kw a hese regulations and followed them in his literaure .
However , whe writin Candide , Voltaie defied th Academ 's rles .
adide is a prod on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked fo literature to hav od manners : they i not want to sep on ayne 's toes by mentioning sex , violnce , church , or tae sues .
In Cadide Voltaire d not eem to mind steping on os - in fact , he did not nd smashing fee !
Voltaire et beyond the comfort level when he meniond sex .
He tld of the two girls of rellin who ee lovers of monkeys , and of te Bron wo bathed with the Musslman nd was nished for s homoexul act .
e turned into violence when Cunegonde w being raped by a Barber , and winessed his murde while he a on o of her .
The ise old woman undewen the remova of a utock by pirates , as well as experiecing ae .
After the Baron is caugt bathing wh the Mussalman , he receivs 10 lashes for his sin .
Candide tbs t Bron , a Jesuit Priest , after th Baon orbids Candides rriage to Cunegonde .
Irnically , lthough Voltair metons many act of iolenc , each act is treatd ightl : Cunegode and he old woman both tell their tales of ben defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about hei travels ; the ron also continues his ae ith stye after tling of his beating ; and afe Candide " kils " the aon , he leaves to search r Cunegonde with no seod hught unl he reencounters the Barn lter in h travels .
The light atitud in which ths acts of sx and violene are written shs the parody fo in which Voltaire writes Canide .
Voltair ooses not to stay aay from te church ad stae issues .
He atracts te hippocracy of te Curc in te old wmn 's father being the pe .
When Candide visits the la of Eldorado , Voltre shws he people 's erfct relationship to God : they ol praise od because here is nohing th wt from God .
Voltaire uses this perfct relationship to od in an unralistic situation to foil society 's mperfet relationship with d in the al wrld .
Voltair mke f of aristocracy in h description of t Barn , who cae frm 71 generations of nobility but still lac gentilesse .
Cadde and his companions ne with 6 dethrond kin who represent e overimportance scity places on hierachy .
In his portrayl of he utopian soiety of Eldoad , Voltaire tois the imperections of ur society .
ccording the Lue , 35% of homicd victims r illed by someone they kow .
Statistics from 56 a reater than Lunde ' thesis .
Frustration is the main factor mot impicted in these trageis .
Most cases ar tose of the " trigger puling he finger " .
Today , racial preudce stl exist , but less acton hs taken plc han 30 years o .
Thirty yar ao , minorities could n't ride a bs , vot , or go to scol with wit people .
Dsegragation redue some preudce , bt it tll xists .
e difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it wa 30 years g .
I would tell the cliet to be xtremely nie to ha person and do favors for that pern .
Tat person would then fee obligaed to do nice tings bac and etun favors .
hi is based on eauity theory .
It would be betr or the lient to do ic things for e person that it would be to k a favor of the person .
Someone who ie in he north w comes to live in h south ma o be preudice toward Blacks at irst .
After lvin in the south fr a while , te may adopt southern tttudes tward Blacks a fel prejudice towad them .
This is conformity .
Th same goes r Southerners who move nth .
They me to feel prejudice toward ew .
I know someone who has livd l or t world .
He is prejdce owar Jews , Blacks , and Mexican .
He aopte white titudes against minorities in th differnt regon he has lived in .
Our cotry ha be coined a " melting - t " iferrig th we all coe om difernt that we ll co from dferent background but ve joined or mele toeher to produce homogneou Americans .
t a persons hertge , as we are ealizig , is impotan to tir sens of self and commuity .
Ehnic American culturs he been revivin ad trying to reestablish roots hat we once loppd ff to a model U.S. ctien .
T differences he are rediscovering nly add mr color , flavo a ecitement to ha brewin " o " of ur people .
However , sme individuas and even grou of Americans a recting negatively to this ethnic exploin ( een most clealy thrugh the rs ) .
They do n't want to aept these differnces .
They chose to rmai indifferent to e plihts of thr fellow Americans .
As Ellie Weisel , author of uch books as iht says aout indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
h oposte of love , beay , intelligence , liht , j , life and growth are t eir familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic American lieratue ris to fight this indifference by vivil and unquey expressing certain aspects of different meican cltue .
Th gamut of ehnic American literature is without bounds .
Each grop has its ow peculiarities d attributes tha make it 's wrting unique .
In many case e words used in ehni American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mthe tongue " .
For istace , Native Amricans poetry is ore expessive ad isal partl because heir laguae is eepy rootd in the obseratio of the ntual evironent .
Chinese merian Literature is philisophical / literal becus their ativ language is so .
Africa mercan literature is often meloous and rhythm mirrorng ther simlar achievements in Jazzy and ues music .
A thes exampes ( and more ) give us some insght to thr cultus we wou otherwise never ow .
T stoies told in this genre of literature , owever , re likey the os impotnt spect of Ehnic Amercan litrature .
It is throh te experiences of e characters th we learn abou th different cultures in t United Stes .
We we lear of te tials and harsips tt they wnt though we can sympethize wi their emotions nd r to accept that diersity .
The sores of black American slaves and of concentration cam vctms r necessary to avoid indfference .
Without learning about te past ( and present ) horrors tere is no way to ensure futue humanity .
Ethnic merica lterature benefits U.S. citizes in mny wys .
It opens our eyes to the rlity of the sfering of oher .
It gives us a fresh and ne perspectiv on he old arund us .
It hlps us to ndersand our personal lationships btter .
Most of l , it giv us ore common ground on which to ive , nd rw , and proper .
Hopefully we ill soeay fulil ie Weisel 's goal n end indfference ; this literature is a se in the iht drection towards acptance in the divesit of our contry .
Different is bautifu !
iolene on telvision can be en hroughout e may channels th cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing ime of 7 1/4 hours aily , h prvalence of violnce in broadcasts is a serios concern .
Televsion progrmming in the United Saes is considered t most vilnt in advanced industrialized nains ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many childen atc volen tv sos because the ation thills hem a a sometims cause the child to become violent .
Vioece is common in TV entertainment-- the damas tt portray stories about crime , psychtic murderers , poice ases , emergency services , intrational terrorism , d war ( Hepbu 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and sme people diagree it its effects on children .
he V - chi is an elctrica device that blocs u violent television shows .
Some people , sch as the Seate Comerce omittee , e not satisfied with it .
T Senate Commerce Comttee approved ils cratin a partial bn on TV violence and a so - called rport cd tat woul dentify stations carrying violent programming and th advertisrs spooring it .
The bis would apply to broadcastig d cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Sm of t prooals to antiviolence are as follow : h Senate V - chi , t ouse V - chip , a Technology nd , a Vilene Saf Harbor , ad a Violence Report Card .
Tese proposals cold ok if Conress d som uppor .
T National Association of Broadcasters accused h Senate of " ling on a stram of proposals to uild up an unprecedete federal censosip bureaucracy " .
Th N also insisted tat brodcaster alreay ave responded to concerns ove violence on televson ( Strn 1 ) .
ome teeviion shows sh iolene because it apeals to adult viewers .
If a certain plot involves a murder , tn he murder must happen .
oe pole may not nt e actual murder to be shown , but tat is up to whomever is witing he television show .
an made for television movies say tht it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advied , but ho many aents acally watch television it their teenager ?
An exhaustive examntion of the broadcast networks ' programming drng the 15 - 15 sason has concluded that siniste combat violence ' pervades a significant numr of Saturday - mrnin cartoons ( enen 1 ) .
o muh violnc is hee ?
The most violent cartoon re ' Teenage Mutant Nij Trtls ' , ' Spider a ' , ad some ' ugs Bnny ' episodes wi Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows ontaining sinister comt volece , well tht is stictly up to the vieer to decide .
The cause fr televiio violence is to add textre to the show and not to poion hildren 's minds .
The infamous V - ip ay stop som shows fom beig own to children , but one day that child will see iolence and they ill hav to ea with it , rationally or n .
