S It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .

C It 's difficult to question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .

S When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .

C When I was younger , used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . do n't know why .

S I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .

C I would like to study Psychology , one day I would like to my own psychology clinic help people .

S It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .

C It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it more easily

S Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .

C Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .

S I think that the public transport will always be in the future .

C I think that transport will always exist the future .

S The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .

C Rich will buy a car , people always need to use a bus or taxi .

S I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .

C I consider it to drive a car , you carry things in your own car than when by car

S Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .

C Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask be friends and exchange

S In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .

C In my experience , I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to and go back to my house .

S In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .

C In my opinion , a is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At moment , realize importance of transport .

S In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .

C In India , have various types of public , like bikes cars trains planes

S Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .

C Depending on the distance and time the desired destination the of transport is chosen accordingly .

S But Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .

C But generally , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .

S This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .

C This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on the place I visited .

S It takes around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .

C It takes around 6 hours by national to go from Delhi to Agra .

S We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .

C We at hotels to and just in case of us felt , we some snacks just before the trip .

S Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .

C Since we have the option to stop we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or .

S In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .

C In addition to that we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .

S Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .

C For above - reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .

S My name is Sarah .

C My name is Sarah .

S I am 17 years old .

C I am 17 years old .

S I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .

C I am looking forward to joining in this year 's camps .

S I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .

C I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also I organized many sports activities before at school .

S In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .

C In addition to that , I cooking .

S My family think that my cook is amazing .

C My family think that my cooking amazing .

S I hope that you give my the chance to join you .

C I hope that you give my the chance to join you .

S Thanks

C Thanks

S My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends .

C My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing my friends .

S Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .

C Volleyball is a sport that is When am the beach I like playing my sister in the sand and then go sea .

S It is very funny .

C It is great

S when I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .

C When was young I liked a in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net

S Dear Jo ,

C Dear Jo ,

S How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .

C How are you ? I 'm writing to give advice on travelling and working in my country .

S On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .

C On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places visit

S For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .

C For example , , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .

S There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .

C There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For , Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .

S I visit Madrid twice a year .

C I visit Madrid twice a year .

S All summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .

C Every I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .

S On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .

C On the other hand , in my country there are jobs the economy is very bad .

S But , if you want I look for a job from you .

C But , if you want , will for a job for .

S My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .

C My best friend if for a responsible person after her sister .

S Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .

C Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to after her weekend .

S You will be interesting in this job ?

C Would you interested this job ?

S Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .

C Thank you for your - mail . It wonderful to hear from you .

S I 'm looking forward to seeing you .

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you .

S Take care , Laura .

C Take care , Laura .

S Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .

C Today , transport still plays important role in the system and it will keep on doing so the future .

S Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .

C Because public transport is a more - and better resource allocation in mass transport system

S Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .

C Also , need not the operating cost of their own car .

S But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .

C But use a cheaper way of to their destination , if is far away from home .

S For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .

C For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for to another country .

S Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .

C Instead , will be common to buy an air ticket and travel a plane .

S In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .

C In my opinion , is going to continue to be used in the future there are a lot of people that do have enough money to pay for a car , if it is used , so public transport will to have a but people are going to use cars more the .

S If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .

C If we think about it , car is better because we do n't need to wait for it wait the bus or underground , on the other hand , money than transport .

S By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .

C In a , can just be , can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , if we choose transport , can meet friends or family , both modes of transport good , do n't need necessarily bring an end to .

S If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .

C If I had choose between both forms of , think I would choose the because it is better for me to go by car than go by bus .

S In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .

C In my community , we are very interested in and ecological things .

S We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .

C We have solar panels and a place to make compost in , with worms that and degrade all the organic waste of the school .

S In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .

C At strategic points in building , have special trashcans to separate the garbage into , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic and they also give and presentations about the earth 's , global warming , pollution etc .

S The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .

C The manager of project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .

S All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .

C All these have us all , the years , recognised ecological community .

S Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .

C Good morning everyone . Today want to share about favorite sport .

S My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .

C My favorite sport is football . Why do choose it ? Well football is an sport . People the world it so much ! League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .

S I believe that 's all will delighted us .

C I believe that delight .

S By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .

C By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They brilliant . They football players , and they are awesome .

S Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !

C Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to super hero !

S After many years he still dream to become a super hero .

C After many years , still dreamt super hero .

S He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .

C He went to study because he thought that was the most to being super hero .

S Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .

C After years at girl called Kate and he fell in she fell in .

S Kate was cursing the university of fashion .

C Kate was attending study .

S Then the two started to date .

C Then the two started to date .

S Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .

C Michael and Kate were happy , until one day told his of super hero . got agitated , that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's and that Michael was only dreaming and would never happen and that super heroes exist .

S When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .

C When she said that , Michael started to cry and got , that she was lying and did have a .

S He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .

C He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .

S In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .

C The day , she said sorry and they again .

S But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .

C But when they Michael 's house , fought and Michael got knife and kill her .

S He cried with a lot blood around .

C He cried with a lot of around .

S Michael get away from there .

C Michael got from there .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .

C Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It a benefits in our life .

S For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .

C For instance , we take the in order to avoid being stuck traffic .

S It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .

C It is true that travelling car is more convenient than taking transportation . However it will more damage to our life and harm our environment .

S Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offsprings .

C Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring

S Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .

C Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .

S If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .

C If there is no public transportation , traffic jams be more than before .

S In my country , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .

C In my city Taipei we are stuck traffic for about one hour in the morning .

S I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .

C I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT

S Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .

C The car convenient for humans but it brings damage for humans

S For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .

C For example , carbon dioxide , is emitted cars

S It cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .

C It causes warming , threatens environment and harms our daily life .

S we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .

C We see that there are lots of serious and frequent - related recent , such as typhoons hurricanes wild fires mud slides

S What other precautions , is usually taken ?

C What other precautions taken ?

S The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .

C The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .

S If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .

C If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately

S Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away

C Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is right away .

S The pleasure of traveling

C The pleasure of traveling

S People go , people come .

C People go , people come .

S Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?

C Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip

S The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .

C The most important option for is , by far , the plane .

S But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .

C But , even if 's true that it 's the fastest , you must be very careful it 's to get off a plane .

S If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .

C If you are looking for comfort relaxation obviously , you have to take a boat .

S There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .

C There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .

S Although , the better option , is pick out a train .

C However the best to train .

S There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .

C There is n't any the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route you are taking , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off days .

S Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .

C Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .

S The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .

C The pleasure of travelling is travel itself

S Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible

C Transportation is of the most important things , we have many of kinds of . Now travel by car , in the near future there be other comfortable easy ways to travel , fast trains planes can transport you from north to south in less than an . This make businessmen and comfortable , of saving a lot of time effort , we hope that the government can achieve this soon as possible .

S In modern societies , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .

C In modern societies , there are lots of friends in daily lives .

S Big project could not be finished without co - operations .

C Big projects not be finished without cooperation

S Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .

C Friends can exchange feelings and funny things that us

S More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .

C More importantly , give us they teach knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .

S In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .

C In this case , members roles in our lives .

S The reasons are as follows .

C The reasons are as follows .

S First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .

C First of all , we can lots of skills from parents based own experience .

S For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .

C For example , we can how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can learn how to make a meal from parents .

S Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .

C Secondly , members you some advice about how to deal with the things which you .

S If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .

C If difficulties are will up to family members they will with you about how to solve this situation .

S All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .

C All in all , in this case , members the most important friends in our lives .

S The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .

C Technology has been advancing a great deal in , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention

S As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .

C As we can see old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers . Old were much bigger than new computers .

S Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .

C Old computers to occupy one entire room , now , they are only size of a box , even the size of a book .

S You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .

C You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .

S Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .

C Old computers only let you do tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands them .

S One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .

C One of the greatest achievements of new computing the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .

S Get rekt m8

C Get rekt m8

S I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .

C I went to the abandoned and started to think of best way to make his life miserable . next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer

S As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !

C As I n't find I to the place where lived to look for some information about his life and find who he cared . So I to go to his house , would to the house , s follow him to the house and I he was dating a girl . She be his girlfriend , I got idea . drive him crazy just as he did . That she would he had problems with mind and leave . But thought it again and realized that if I that she would to help him and they will be more united , so I to drive them both crazy , to brink death , just he did with me !

S But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?

C But wait a minute , I sufficiently to do ?

S Yes !

C Yes !

S I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .

C I screamed . My had dominated my mind . n't my actions . afraid what I become and what I do , but I not control myself the only thing I think of was him suffering slow death and the satisfaction feel when I had my revenge The revenge

S But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald

C But I so mad at him and so anxious make his life impossible and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering been through stronger and greater made a decision and going do it . If dedicated 4 years of his life to and not wanting me to be happy , is necessary him to have a miserable life and I n't until I goal .

S I 'm not agree with this idea completely .

C I do agree with this idea completely .

S On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .

C On the one hand , by car is much more convenient , it the chance be independent .

S On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .

C On the other hand , traffic jams are a big issue when by car .

S My Favourite sport

C My Favourite sport

S I bornt to be a football player .

C I was born be a football player .

S For me , football is everything in my life .

C For me , football is everything in my life .

S When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .

C When I watch on I dream of a big team and in a big championship like the Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .

S My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .

C My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For , is the best the world . That why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in .

S I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .

C I play football for Portuguese club called Valenciano we won a lot of games this season .

S I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .

C I dream of lot of in football winning best championship , the Uefa Champions League , the best scorer of all in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .

S I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .

C I play football because I like it the only reason that I do it hardly because of my dad .

S His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .

C His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .

S My name is Jonny .

C My name is Jonny .

S I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology .

C I graduated from National Taiwan University Science and Technology .

S I am 25 years old .

C I am 25 years old .

S I am interested in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen .

C I am interested in looking after children playing with children

S I like personality with childlike , so I like children .

C I like childlike people so I like children .

S I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .

C I have of holding basketball competitions I was a .

S I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .

C I planned interesting activities for views make competitions come .

S They enjoyed the game .

C They enjoyed the game .

S I also like to cook .

C I also like to cook .

S If my mom cooks , I always help her .

C If my mom cooks , I always help her .

S My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .

C My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .

S I always simle to people .

C I always smile .

S I really want to get this job .

C I really want to get this job .

S I want to play with children and see their simle all day .

C I want to play with children and see their smiles day .

S I think that smile is the best gift in this world .

C I think that a is the best gift in this world .

S I am also a hard worker .

C I am also a hard worker .

S I have passion for this job .

C I have passion for this job .

S If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .

C If you think I right person you want , please send a reply you

S public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay

C Public has been used by people more over the years it has been of becoming cheaper and also safer , some people prefer cars . To what do we agree with this what are reasons for that ? That what we are to demonstrate in this essay .

S before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end

C About 40 years ago , was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , in those years there were even good facilities move from one to another that is because there were companies to build cars . After 10 years , became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans At beginning , a lot of problems , they were able to solve them end .

S nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places

C Nowadays modes of transport more convenient , cars to buses , trains and planes . Some prefer cars because they not crowded places or because they it cheaper sometimes , from another point of view , transportation is very cheap and even faster . But it comes to traveling , lot of people prefer driving own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves by avoiding places .

S to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used

C To , is different from some oneis opinion to another I that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and in end , will disappear and will longer be used .

S The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .

C The topic itself explaining uncertainty of public transport in our country .

S This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years

C This conclusion becomes prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the growth in their sales figures , low budget private cars in the , the has in the 10 years .

S Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .

C Development of the industry can make contribution to productivity growth .

S A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .

C A large scale of investment was brought development .

S Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .

C Meanwhile , it boosted growth and job thereby enhancing Domestic Product ( GDP ) .

S If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .

C If you live a town or a one , n't , one thing that be taken of the people and organisers the town , is the .

S Global warming is huge issue in today 's date .

C Global warming is a issue these days

S Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .

C Governments take immense to stop it or at least make it slow down .

S However we the people have really important part of making it worse .

C However , , people , a important part in it worse .

S Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .

C Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for people .

S Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .

C Recycling items be a good step to start with for a and safe environment , is perfectly and promptly taken of my city .

S Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .

C Everyone has plant a tree in front of their home according to of the .

S People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .

C People do realize cutting down can reduce the production of oxygen in the .

S Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .

C Eventually , have no more fresh air to breathe

S Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .

C Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas under 18 years and provides a free session of talks presentations increase the awareness of the importance of a , safe , fresh environment to the city .

S In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .

C In conclusion , I would suggest neighbour cities in the so one day it can be seen in the country .

S Everybody has his favourite sport .

C Everybody has his favourite sport .

S My favourite sport is football game .

C My favourite sport is football

S On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .

C At school or village stadium I a lot of time every day .

S Usually i play football with my classmates .

C Usually , football with my classmates .

S Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .

C Before training , - 2 kilometres and my legs get and my body gets .

S Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .

C Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about to improve our skills .

S His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .

C His main words : " You work and work very hard you want to get good " .

S I can say , that coach is experienced person .

C I can say that this is an person .

S Not so long ago , we are had competition .

C Not so long ago , we a .

S The first place was gotting by us .

C We won first place

S We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .

C We this result we are friendly and organised .

S I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .

C I believe in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .

S Football is my life .

C Football is my life .

S I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yorself " .

C I want to give advice to anyone starts this sport : " You believe in yourself .

S Hallo my firend ,

C Hallo my friend

S What 's up ?

C What 's up ?

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S How was your day today ?

C How was your day today ?

S It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .

C It 's really nice for your expressly - mail yesterday .

S You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very

C You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to precisely , because know that you very

S Dear Paul ,

C Dear Paul ,

S I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .

C I have seen your advertisement the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , I think it is a good idea to spend it .

S I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .

C I was born in the UK , I could a very good teacher of English .

S Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .

C Although I came to Spain ten years later , I could with them in Spanish if it was necessary .

S Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .

C Also , I attended course for 4 years when I was young .

S It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhthym in my body !

C It was a long ago , but I still keep the rhythm my body !

S By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .

C By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I haven't forgotten because I felt wonderful .

S All members congratulated me , as well .

C All members congratulated me , as well .

S On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .

C On the other hand , I took of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .

S You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .

C You should that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .

S That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !

C That makes me a good candidate to get job , or the hobby for me !

S I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .

C I hope you consider candidature , wo n't you .

S Best wishes , Julia .

C Best wishes , Julia .

S In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .

C In my opinion , transport wo n't suffer of .

S Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .

C Because not everyone can to buy their own car .

S Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .

C Besides , are lots of low - people who ca n't buy their own car .

S So I think public transport 's future is bright .

C So I think public transport 's future is bright .

S What is the " Family " meaning ?

C What does " mean

S In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .

C In my opinion , family the place that had you best friend help each other and know each .

S In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .

C In , many have to take care of their they get old , but the point is , if you can not survive ? mean , do n't have enough money to look after .

S Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .

C Back to the topic . do n't know of the family well . do n't trust them , to be honest

S I like NewZealand because there are many islands .

C I like New Zealand there are many islands .

S By the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .

C By the way , New Zealand .

S In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .

C In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .

S That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .

C That 's why I recommend of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of .

S You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .

C You can also buy lot of gifts , key chains , statues or other be made returning to Malaysia .

S I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .

C I have not been New Zealand , me , is a beautiful place .

S If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .

C If I have the means I will go there and take of you .

S I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .

C I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .

S The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .

C The local council n't have project for the environment .

S People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .

C People collect any kind of rubbish and throw together in black sacks

S Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .

C Although the council to plan something , the people are n't committed to problem .

S Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .

C Around the city , you can find many places where throw fridges ovens " amianto " , old things or furniture .

S What a pity !

C What a pity !

S The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .

C The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .

S There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .

C There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the .

S When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .

C When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important to .

S We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...

C We always in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed lot of ...

S But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .

C But when I was a teenager , began to experience that I did not like for instance , said bad things to me they talked unkindly me .

S In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .

C In those years , went through worst moments of life .

S I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .

C I remember , I celebrated 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . think that that was one of the worst days my life .

S There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .

C That , cried because I felt that I did n't have friends .

S However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .

C However , my parents tried to make it so my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me they invited all my cousins and we we to eat pizza and they me a lot of presents .

S In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .

C At , I thought that my best friends were parents and sister .

S I knew that they never talk bad about me .

C I knew that they would talk unkindly me .

S Now , my husband is my best friend .

C Now , my husband is my best friend .

S He is the most important people of my life .

C He is the most important person life .

S He has ever been with me .

C He has always with me .

S Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .

C Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .

S Both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .

C We both to travel around the world and to do sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .

S We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .

C We like watching TV series and cooking different , .

S To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .

C To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .

S Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .

C The lives people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .

S A busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lag behind motor cars .

C A busy life always compels us use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems behind motor cars .

S Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,

C Dear SUMMER CAMPS ,

S This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .

C This advertisement for a job has been read a person .

S My name is María , I am from Spain .

C My name is María . am from Spain .

S I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .

C I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a , I like working with .

S I am sure that I will look after children very well .

C I am sure that I will look after the very well .

S I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .

C I would like to speak English perfectly , I think I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of .

S For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .

C On other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .

S I am waiting yours answer .

C I am looking forward to .

S Hi Sam

C Hi Sam

S How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?

C How are you ? Are living in Madrid ?

S Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .

C Yes , I started my lessons month and it 's very interesting .

S I 'm lerning a lot and the students are very friendly .

C I 'm learning lot and the students are very friendly .

S But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .

C But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult

S However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .

C However , if I carry on studying like now , I do it .

S The lessons are very funny

C The lessons are very funny .

S Dear Sir or madam :

C Dear Sir or Madam

S I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .

C I have seen your advertisement the newspaper and I am interested in .

S I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from

C I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , have a

S my last company .

C my last company .

S I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .

C I have been working as primary in a school and I am qualified .

S Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .

C In addition , have cooking skills and I love to cook .

S I hope you are interested in my application .

C I hope you are interested in my application .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .

S Sandra Barrientos

C Sandra Barrientos

S the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .

C Technology lives lot . In , can think how different our life is either parents ' our grandparents ' . For , parents did n't watch there was n't any TV world when they were young . But n't the only : we can think about mobile phone the computer and internet . Our could n't have strange machine like the in their lives

S Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .

C Despite fact that personal vehicles the are now , in the future , the existence public transport will be .

S Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .

C Nowadays people use fossil fuels the most important source of energy for travelling and . This of energy does n't always remain a level , and it will out .

S People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .

C People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power power . Public such as the metro use this kind of energy .

S As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .

C As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use these new types of energy , and using public transport will become much cheaper than a .

S The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .

C The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and will much more convenient .

S Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .

C Commuting and using public services will be the first priority

S In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .

C In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In near future , most in the world will become overcrowded . lead to many other problems that will need be solved . For , traffic jams and pollution .

S In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .

C In some ways these problems are caused the overuse personal vehicles

S People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .

C People will realise that using their own car is just time in jams or killing themselves by polluted air .

S So the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .

C So the best way for them to travel is public transport

S Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .

C Each person should practice saving energy using any source of energy protect his own life

S In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble

C In conclusion , investments in public transport will be increased considerably . Public services a bright future their the future ca n't be replaced

S Hello Alex , how are you .

C Hello Alex , how are you ?

S Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .

C Are you free at the got plans ?

S Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .

C Me and my friends are going the cinema , and I am to go with us .

S If you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .

C If you are interested meet at 8 o ' near the cinema entrance .

S Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .

C Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .

S I always want to read these type of book .

C I always want to read this of book .

S I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .

C I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then the evening I to the beach .

S In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .

C In conclusion , is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a stable environment for the generation to grow up in

S The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .

C The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic is affected as a result of a of people contributing to the economy .

S The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .

C The cause of brain drain should be tackled at international and national levels a broader dimensions more pattern , because is a global issue .

S In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .

C In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting infrastructure and law enforcement to support the in a positive way

S There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily

C There is n't enough at the top of Everest to breathe easily .

S Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .

C Jordan Romero was when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .

S Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .

C Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .

S the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .

C The was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .

S My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .

C My friends and I programs electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like

S Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .

C Sometimes we go the city . dance parties my friends .

S They listen to the music and can we are singing .

C They listen to and sing

S It 's very good .

C It 's very good .

S Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .

C Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also his

S Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .

C Jose is the best singer He talks party .

S Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .

C Another is Angel . He dance anywhere

S He prefer study in your home .

C He prefers to at .

S Hello Something .

C Hello Something ,

S My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german .

C My name Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live Germany

S In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .

C At moment I go to school .

S I 'm in grade 8 .

C I 'm in grade 8 .

S My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .

C My life is difficult because I have to realize .

S For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .

C For example , is a my class and is beautiful .

S I love her look .

C I love her look .

S Her eyes looks as the sun .

C Her eyes look sun .

S But she is ignored me .

C But she ignores .

S I hope I can forget her .

C I hope I can forget her .

S Run for your life

C Run for your life

S My favourite sport is run .

C My favourite sport is running

S I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .

C I like to run , fast in fact that it feels I am running air and my touch the ground between .

S My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportive too .

C My favourite place to run is in the forest , I like to run sportive .

S I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .

C I like feel the ground under my feet is soft , soft , the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city

S The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .

C The best I can give someone who is starting is to start and not to try to run too fast , then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little and a little and then , 20 years , will be an Olympic champion maybe .

S In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .

C In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .

S Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .

C Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .

S If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .

C If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it will hardly any educational value .

S Although one could argue that you can always learn something .

C Although one could argue that you can always learn something .

S A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .

C A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse happen , would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .

S today I want to write about my job .

C Today want to write about my job .

S I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .

C I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .

S It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,

C It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects .

S It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .

C It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel .

S In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .

C In the last few years , biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity robustness of results and less time required for analyzing sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened

S Television seems to be a controversial tool .

C Television seems to be a controversial tool

S Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?

C Here there is one : does offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way

S From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .

C From my experience I believe television has entertainment educational functions .

S It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .

C It notes many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns basics from a great of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .

S It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .

C It also notes programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .

S Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .

C Apart from educational there is much business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .

S However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .

C However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play vital role in educating both adults and young children .

S I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "

C I think best restaurant can go to " The Restaurant .

S Here we can eat typical Italian food .

C There can eat typical Italian food .

S The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .

C The last time was there ate best pizza that I have ever eaten my life .

S The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !

C The atmosphere reminds the sea . In , walls are decorated a lot of shells the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !

S Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .

C Also , it perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , we can sit all together at the same table .

S the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .

C The is a very kind person and I 'm sure will give a good .

S No future for public transport ?

C No future for public transport ?

S Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .

C Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling so it has a .

S Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .

C Currently , most people are to using own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to being comfortable .

S But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .

C But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to change .

S So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .

C So , if people were aware of this subject , n't use their own car so much

S In addition , having a car is very expensive .

C In addition , having a car is very expensive .

S First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .

C First of all , need to be able to to buy it . After , you must pay for the insurance road , and mechanic 's , and so on .

S whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .

C On the other hand , you only have to pay for ticket , you do n't have to drive , if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , is n't your responsibility .

S Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .

C Besides , public transport pollutes than cars .

S In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .

C In conclusion , I think public transport has a , and the more people use it , the more future it have .

S I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .

C I 'm your employee , I company .

S Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .

C Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .

S But pay a little low .

C But the is little low .

S I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .

C I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , homework , correcting homework , assisting instructor , helped the instructor handouts , instead of the instructor answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning classroom very hard work but I have nothing to complain about .

S I work hard for two months , pay a lot .

C I work hard for two months , pay a lot .

S Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .

C It 's just that wage paid is lower than I expected . want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .

S I invite you to consider the proposal .

C I invite you to consider the proposal .

S I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .

C I think the government should the public transport , for example buses trains the and more , for a : the quality of life against the pollution

S Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .

C Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations but it could be annoying to for spaces because of the of fuel , and also maintenance costs

S In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .

C In big cities , transport works well because there 's feedback from .

S Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .

C Conversely , towns it ca n't be good in the same way , because , the transport companies , 's not convenient to money in transport because fewer people would use it .

S Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .

C Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , sometimes Tom did n't go to school .

S On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .

C On Monday , was to school and he saw his friend Huck and talked lot and Tom exchanged a tick his tooth .

S Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .

C Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , Tom talked her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .

S Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .

C Tom said about girl , she got mad and she ignored Tom .

S Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .

C Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to , Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .

S When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .

C When Tom saw his house , sneaked his house and saw his Polly crying for him .

S So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .

C So the next day , people of the town went to church to attend funeral of Tom , many people thought that Tom was dead . But Tom opened door and went , everybody was so surprised to see Tom .

S The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .

C The next day , went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was abandoned house up the hill , the two boys considered like adventure

S So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .

C So they went to the mysterious and when they were inside they heard voices , Tom and Huck hid they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .

S the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...

C The boys heard that he was planning steal some money and kill people , the boys started adventure with Joe ...

S Hi , jo .

C Hi , Jo

S Thank you for your message .

C Thank you for your message .

S I will do my best to answer your questions .

C I will do my best to answer your questions .

S As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .

C As for your questions , I think that you should work in a restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .

S That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .

C That is because you will improve your Japanese

S Recently , many south East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .

C Recently , many south east have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .

S By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .

C By improving their Japanese skills Japan , have the opportunity to get a job .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .

C He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left bathroom dirty and went to his house .

S so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .

C So went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned whole , but Sarah already knew that he had the bathroom like that , before Michael entered bathroom said : " I know what you left " and Michael went running to the bathroom .

S Hi Julie ,

C Hi Julie ,

S My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .

C My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .

S My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .

C My school has a unique reputation for its and the quality of education .

S I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .

C I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand

S Good Morning :

C Good Morning :

S This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .

C This is an esay about my favourite sport . It been since I was a child , I enjoy it lot and , is more , can do it alone . never miss a chance go the pool and less summer , of course .

S I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .

C I do n't have friends who like swimming . football or similar team , so always alone . It n't boring for me . Furthermore I prefer going alone because nobody and do n't have to for .

S I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !

C I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had operation her back and , the operation , came with me and , day , had to wait for her because she spent lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair hated that !

S Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .

C Luckily , operation was fine and she stopped , and since that day , go on own .

S Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .

C Swimming exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But there are children and I do n't like that much because they like disturbing me . But it is amusing , .

S I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .

C I would recommended who do know how to learn , because I am pretty sure that they it and later they can stop swimming

S I think that dance is a way for self - expression .

C I think that dance is a means - expression .

S It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .

C It 's not just a hobby ; 's more than that

S Dance is a passion , a type of life .

C Dance is a passion , a way life .

S When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .

C When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid that n't understand anything .

S But this is another theme for speaking .

C But this is another theme for speaking

S When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .

C When you dance , sing , or act , are showing something to the public , something that 's important to .

S If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .

C If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising you can .

S If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .

C If you are tired , it n't matter because you like what 're doing .

S You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .

C You 'll wake up early to or take classes .

S You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...

C You do n't mind you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...

S That 's a joke , you must sleep .

C That 's a joke . You sleep .

S If you love dance , you 'll understand me .

C If you love dance , you 'll understand me .

S Members of my family .

C Members of my family .

S i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .

C I my family , little sister . She years old . her best friend because I her everything about life .

S i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .

C I a dog and 's Chente It a golden retriever

S It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .

C It 's a lovely . He how I .

S My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .

C My oldest sister , is really weird towards .

S our relation is not good because she is so different to me .

C Our not good because she is so different to me .

S Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .

C Also , a brother whose is Jose He years old , his personality is dynamic funny .

S My mom and my dad , they are a goog guys .

C My mom and my dad

S Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .

C Actually , spending time alone . working in another , I from my family .

S Hi mrs .

C Dear .

S Kate Ashby ,

C Kate Ashby ,

S how are you ? I hope you are well .

C How you ? I hope you are well .

S For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .

C To in our cafe you have to speak English , course , maybe know how to cook some types sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies brownies , the most popular foods of this year .

S Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .

C Another thing that you must know is to deal with people . We searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give customers good attention service .

S We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .

C We need someone prepared long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .

S That 's all , see you soon

C That 's all , see you soon

S kisses ,

C kisses ,

S Fer

C Fer

S we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .

C We that in the future the planet will be in a condition the trees will disappear After , will have .

S In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .

C In 30 years , will have changed our anatomy . Also will be eating fast food . On other hand , the North have melted completely

S The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .

C The temperature will have become crazy because of warming , so some people will die disasters will be more aggressive .

S The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .

C will have advanced and maybe will fly and computers will have totally changed .

S Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .

C Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and the planet .

S Friendship is something very important in my life .

C Friendship is something very important in my life .

S I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .

C I ca n't imagine my life friends .

S How to make friends and meet new people ?

C How to make friends and meet new people ?

S It is easyier than you think .

C It is easier you think .

S Just ... start talking !

C Just ... start talking !

S Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .

C Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .

S You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .

C You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .

S They just have to calm talk about it .

C They just have to calmly about it .

S If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .

C If your friendship is real , you will always find a between your opinion and your friend 's one .

S Just try , it wo n't cost you much !

C Just try , it wo n't cost you much !

S Good day ,

C Hello

S My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :

C My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The for my enjoyment of sport are as follows :

S 1- make me fit and healthy

C 1- it makes fit and healthy

S 2- classy game no friction between players

C 2- it 's a game with friction between players

S 3- it exercise all muscles of your body

C 3- it exercises the of your body

S Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .

C Regarding the above , advise rookies to start playing sport and they will get many benefits .

S However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .

C However practise it as well and they will get the same .

S As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .

C As citizens of this , we really about the of our village .

S Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .

C Every Sunday we do a mutual cooperation anyone can treat rubbish as well they treat themselves .

S We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .

C We clean the dirty ditches sweep rubbish up , we bury rubbish .

S Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .

C Meanwhile we recycle rubbish too .

S From inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuffs .

C From inorganic rubbish we can make a , a and other stuff

S Then they can sell them and get income of it .

C Then we sell them and get income from .

S The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .

C The creator of the earth , the creator of souls the one who makes rotate around itself around the sun .

S What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .

C What we believe , Muslims , is were by one who does have any with him ; one who created father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , they were in and instructed not to from the tree , deceived , they came this life and generations came from them and the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who follow the truth which will guide them and who follow other paths , guide them . So , of that we are here to do the test in this short life .

S Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .

C Transportation is the heart of any city , it is public or private .

S Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than

C Nowadays people prefer their vehicles rather than

S public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation

C public transportation . Day day folk are more crazy about their vehicles which leads to a future for transportation .

S firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .

C First with the statement that there will a time for public transportation in the future , because want as well as freedom , is quite impossible on transportation .

S secondly these mode of transportation covers

C Secondly , of transportation covers

S as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable

C as much as possible of the town which mismanaged routine people travel public transportation . As consequence , , avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , say that there are various modes transportation

S to competition with public transportation .

C to compete public transportation .

S nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company

C Nowadays , have numerous options , many private companies

S which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .

C which play an important role in competition to the . As result of this , the gets more benefits , lower fairs privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In , automobile companies cars prices , encourages to use more and more private vehicles

S I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .

C I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely dogs .

S I met many people in the park .

C I meet people in the park .

S I never thought about , people got so many pet .

C I never thought about it before People many pets

S In the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !

C At , is very busy even though park is huge !

S Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .

C Some people are very friendly , same is true of dogs

S But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .

C But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .

S Family is the most important institution of social life .

C Family is the most important institution in

S Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .

C Every member has own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in .

S Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .

C Usually there are generational ; do n't understand parents and vice versa but by listening to and facts , everyone can have another point of view .

S Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .

C Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to behaviour , also must listen to view rearrange update their .

S A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .

C A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes contribution duties .

S Recently I saw the thriller of mokingjay part 2 .

C Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay 2 .

S If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .

C If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .

S The first movies , were amazing ! !

C The first movies amazing ! !

S A lot of action , drama and romance .

C A lot of action , drama and romance .

S The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .

C The fans of this series been waiting this movie since movie appeared . That in 2012 .

S I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .

C I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it hard for little kids to understand . In my it more of teen movie .

S I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .

C I think people will like this movie because 's similar to the story of the book . This is of the first movies is really based on book . The is very unique and original . Also , actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make the .

S Hope you guys choose this movie ! !

C Hope you guys choose this movie ! !

S It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !

C It will be very cool to see the last of

S my favourite sport is Karate .

C My sport is Karate .

S First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .

C First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .

S When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .

C When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , can relax doing karate , because it the kind of sport that n't very hard .

S Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .

C Training in is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .

S In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .

C In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find advantage with other .

S Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .

C Apart from that , Karate is just a sport , it also a discipline . It respect , balance , culture .

S my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .

C My shows how we should with others and he teaches a lot of things about .

S for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .

C For who is starting , it easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .

S Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .

C Technology something that is very important , something without which we can not live .

S Today topic is Technology .

C Today 's is Technology .

S Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .

C Nowadays , use technology for from education making clothes . We technology every day everywhere .

S Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .

C Technology is always being upgraded it is very helpful , useful and important for development , today 's is influenced by to such an extent they have stopped doing activities .

S Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .

C Last year , my Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He the idea , he decided to enter the competition .

S but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .

C but there was a fee order to enter competition . He no money . Fortunately , has lot of friends that lend some

S he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .

C He me and asked me to lend some money to register for competition .

S he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .

C He the money the next , he finished the registration and started the story . After a long time doing a job , went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He out there was notice on the door saying the competition was . He back very and told me what had . Michael the door and knew at that moment he had made mistake .

S Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .

C Travelling by car is n't more convenient unless it is more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution planet .

S Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .

C Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any seats me .

S On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .

C On the other hand , in the future , we a bus which has everybody and I wo have to stand up .

S Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .

C Another of transport the taxi . Like , it is comfortable too , it is more expensive than a or train .

S The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .

C The AVE or aeroplane is good option for long trips

S In conclusion , in the future should have a bus so more comfortable .

C In conclusion , in the future we have more comfortable buses

S Nikais19

C Nikais19

S 5 May

C 5 May

S Dear sir Dimara .

C Dear Mr ,

S I am writing about a problem at my city .

C I am writing about a problem in city .

S I live at Patras a big city in Greece .

C I live in , big city in Greece .

S in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .

C In city , the and some walls of buildings are covered and writing .

S The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .

C The vandalism Patras increased a lot .

S Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .

C Unfortunately , we tell to on walls , not hear us .

S For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .

C It is very bad for our city when some new people visit Patras they see these

S Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .

C Patras is a very beautiful city both of , and because of .

S Why to see that abaser thing ?

C Why to see that abaser thing ?

S After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .

C Since have this beautiful city , have to maintain it

S In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .

C In my opinion , police should stop the vandalism

S If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .

C If there all around the city , would to do or to write something or to draw .

S I hope you will do something for that problem .

C I hope you will do something about problem .

S Yours faithfully ,

C Yours sincerely

S Jessyka stavros .

C Jessyka stavros .

S All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .

C All around the world pupils are waiting to .

S They are eager to begin a new life as adults .

C They are eager to begin a new life as adults .

S But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .

C But when they reach the - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .

S As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .

C As a rule , the , do n't know what university to choose .

S What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .

C What they will do in future they see a fog

S In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .

C In view of this the of a year off between leaving school and starting further is very reasonable .

S Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .

C Firstly , 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .

S Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .

C Ten or eleven years at school makes tired , although do n't notice it .

S But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .

C But choosing is a important step , which needs a attitude .

S Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .

C Secondly , a off would give students a chance to try themselves out new professional spheres

S Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .

C Also , would have an opportunity be in volunteer

S And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .

C And thirdly , might work to their money or travel .

S This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .

C This year - long would be really helpful for relaxation and getting energy further .

S One year is not long period .

C One year is not a time

S But benefits after year off will be obvious .

C But the after a off will be obvious .

S I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .

C I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to

S People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .

C People collect trash await the trash truck that carries trash to a landfill located outside the village .

S Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .

C Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk the church or in the principal places in village .

S Dear Sir ,

C Dear Sir ,

S I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .

C I am interested in English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .

S Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .

C Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if , exact date because I need to book my flights .

S Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .

C Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on course .

S And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .

C And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would for the options ?

S It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .

C It would be useful if I could with other students , because that a good way to learn language as well .

S Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .

C Finally let know if I need to take placement before starting .

S I look forward to hearing from you .

C I look forward to hearing from you .

S Yours faithfully .

C Yours faithfully .

S Rosa .

C Rosa .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately listening to the of his new neighbours .

S They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .

C They were to steal very precious thing from a .

S He does n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .

C He did have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to make happen .

S It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .

C It is his town and it is his duty too to save the 's history .

S He called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .

C He called the police and informed them his neighbours ' plan .

S Police reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .

C The police the caught the red - .

S I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .

C I believe there is no future for transport using trains is more less , decrease the carbon which are the ozone layer people should be aware of effect of using transportation the economy environment use modes . This should issuesd all media to teach encourage use the

S Hello Estela !

C Hello Estela !

S How are you ? I hope you are well .

C How are you ? I hope you are well .

S I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .

C I 'm writing because I want to you about my last summer holiday .

S I went to Las Hurdes .

C I went to Las Hurdes .

S I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .

C I stayed about one week in the home of boyfriend .

S I had a wedding .

C I went to wedding .

S While I was there , I did a lot of things .

C While I was there , I did a lot of things .

S One day , I visited Meandro del melero .

C One day , I visited Meandro del melero .

S It was beautiful .

C It was beautiful .

S And there was a wonderful view .

C And there was a wonderful view .

S The other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .

C Another , I walked a lot and at end of walk we found a waterfall .

S The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .

C The name of the was Chorrituelo .

S It was spectacular .

C It was spectacular .

S The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .

C I had a great time at the wedding I slept very late .

S The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .

C The wedding was in the morning , and in afternoon we ate in a with other people .

S However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party , all night .

C However in the night , we had dinner in a garaje there was a party night .

S You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .

C You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place

S And there are a lot of things .

C And there are a lot of things to see and do

S And the people are very nice .

C And the people are very nice .

S English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .

C English is an international language which has become for the modern world .

S In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .

C In China , English is took to be foreign language which many students choose to learn .

S They begin to study English at an early age .

C They begin to study English at an early age .

S They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .

C They spend least one hour learning .

S Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .

C Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .

S That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .

C That 's a good phenomenon , because is essential nowadays .

S In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .

C In addition to this some people think English is superior to .

S In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .

C In my , though English has significance , is , all , foreign language .

S it is hard for people to see eye to eye .

C It hard for people to see eye to eye .

S English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China .

C English does us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about China .

S Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .

C Only by characters Chinese literature off brilliance .

S Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .

C To learn about country 's culture , especially classical , the first thing is to its language .

S Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?

C Because if are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about own through a foreign language ?

S I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .

C Last month I was restaurant , Woolypools .

S It is small but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .

C It is small but comfortable and famous for its burguers .

S Woolypools is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .

C Woolypools is a specialist meal , it 's a meal restaurant .

S In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .

C In my opinion , restaurant could better , with to meat , but it is perfect for with your friends .

S I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .

C I expected it be more famous , better and bigger

S The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .

C The problem with restaurant is the location It far from and cities , and the space , which very small for lots of people .

S In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .

C In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .

S for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .

C For , a present or a gift , if it is your best friend .

S Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .

C Once , I got sick and stayed in a hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .

S It was my favorite flower I have it ever .

C It was my favorite flower . still have it

S In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .

C In my town we have created small organization for a healthy environment , beauty touch to be attractive . The of town must participate in this . The a day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the place and clean trees plant more of them

S I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .

C I with the opinion that people , such as politicians and film stars , to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .

S is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .

C It horrible to a person behind you all the time ; can have a life , no , not a happy .

S In adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .

C In , people the right to privacy and to be free .

S Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .

C Nevertheless , journalists are the time taking all the time , when they are eating drinking , happy , sad , how is their life and who they spend time with if stay something important or they .

S This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .

C This is terrible . You not have privacy , take some of , because if they do not take a photo or lives the famous , be .

S So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .

C So and film stars will have to put up with , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a in they earn .

S This is all .

C That all .

S good morning .

C Good .

S How are you .

C How are you ?

S come here .

C Come .

S Get down .

C Get down .

S Get in to the room .

C Go room .

S Get in to the bus .

C Get onto bus .

S Let us walk .

C Let us walk .

S Let us play cards .

C Let us play cards .

S Let us sleep .

C Let us sleep .

S Let me in .

C Let me in .

S Let me go .

C Let me go .

S Let me see your photos .

C Let me see your photos .

S Let me watch your house .

C Let me see house .

S Let me allow to enter in to your cabin .

C Let me cabin .

S Forgive me . :

C Forgive me .

S Bring that toy .

C Bring that toy .

S bring glass of water .

C Bring of water .

S Drink water .

C Drink water .

S Eat food .

C Eat food .

S Run fast .

C Run fast .

S stop shouting . do n't shout .

C Stop . Do shout .

S Let us bath .

C Let us bathe

S Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .

C Once upon a time , a ant called Penny . He really small with the others .

S He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .

C He hated being that because most of the ants made fun of him , one day something horrible and inevitable happened

S It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .

C It was a dark night and was raining when big them

S All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !

C All of them tried to find a way out but no one could one ... They started to get panicky

S People just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...

C People just started to evacuate until it started big earthquake ...

S Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .

C Penny was so . The thing that he could was wait and keep calm .

S Until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .

C By of them had got , so they sacred they found refuge .

S Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one find something .

C Everyone wanted to see queen , but no one found

S Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .

C As were very religious ants , prayed ancestors so they could them with problem

S Something that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !

C Something that they did n't was that the whole thing was a movie !

S So all was planned ...

C So all was planned ...

S The actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .

C The actors had monitors that watched ants all the time .

S One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .

C One day , discovered it and tell it to his queen . The , , but at the same time she got and she wanted revenge .

S So they make a plan to display all ...

C So they made plan to display ...

S The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...

C The next day , they were about to start filming , there , they searched them , but they could find them ...

S In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .

C At moment , ants and Penny attacked from behind making them the place .

S The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .

C The ants won war and they expanded habitat to the studio .

S No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !

C No one attacked again and they lived ever after !

S I have many favorite sports .

C I have many favorite sports .

S One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .

C 'm keen on playing basketball the most I always spend more time on playing it .

S I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .

C I usually play basketball every day for at least thirty minutes per day .

S After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .

C After a hard day at university , go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .

S One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .

C I that I have finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .

S Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .

C Basketball has many benefits , just but also for .

S It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .

C It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .

S Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .

C Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .

S I really cra

C I am cra

S zy about playing it .

C zy about playing it .

S When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .

C When I have spare time , I often gather together friends to watch basketball matches television .

S I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .

C I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .

S Sometimes , I play it near sports centre .

C Sometimes , I play it near a centre .

S I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .

C I go back home and have a deep sleep I have

S basketball is an outdoor activity .

C basketball is an outdoor activity .

S That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .

C That 's the why basketball is my favorite sport .

S With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .

C With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of , forest and ocean used or to build more buildings transport networks .

S From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .

C From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to animals .

S To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .

C To start with , there are a wide range of problems may

S Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .

C Convincing arguments the fact the root cause is that almost all the present - cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises recreation facilities the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .

S Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .

C Additionally , people now continue to agricultural land forest in order to satisfy all their needs which will destroy ecosystem , and biodiversity , the endangered species .

S According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .

C In light problems mentioned above , there are approaches that governments should deal with this problem . First all , reducing building construction now on , and more trees instead .

S Sustainadle development should be awaness to all human and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .

C Sustainable should be awaness all human beings start to protect environment and preserve the animals .

S To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .

C To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon its should be worked on resolve them things worse , governments have to take the responsibility for that .

S Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .

C Nowadays , very important , in particular

S This is not my first time that I study English .

C This is not the time that I have studied .

S I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .

C I have been studying English since I was a and I never spoken learnt well as I have I decided to go to London one course learn this language .

S I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .

C I took decision because I was tired of learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted so when I heard about that opportunity said yes .

S The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .

C The car is n't the best way forward , because it produces lot of , but is better for .

S It can carry many people without problems .

C It can carry many people without problems .

S Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .

C Nowadays in cities are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These are economical than the car . The with car is that , , car is occupied by , when the car is designed four or five people .

S this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health

C This lot of for the , we have to be concerned planet 's .

S I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :

C I want to say something about English language It hard for the following :

S First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .

C First reason : grammar that or institutes teach like the Spanish language my native language

S That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .

C I want to say that difficult to understand the conjugation the verbs Spanish so imagine but not in your native language

S Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?

C Second reason : syntax the rules constructing sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not . the rule ?

S Is there anyone ?

C Is there one

S The third reason :

C The third reason :

S I love to play cricket .

C I love to play cricket .

S I am enthusiastic towards this game .

C I am enthusiastic about game .

S My favourite team is India because I belongs to this country .

C My favourite team is India because I am country .

S In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .

C In India , 85 percent of follow cricket .

S In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .

C In 1993 , the cricket team won its world cup and that direction of air favour of cricket and everyone started follow this game .

S I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .

C I love this game because my favourite sportsman .

S His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .

C His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , little master .

S Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .

C Whenever I play this game , I always copy person .

S His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .

C His stance , style shots , running between the wickets everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .

S Not only me but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .

C Not only me but also every Indian always follows for cricket .

S When he was 18 , he played first game for India .

C When he was 18 , he played his game for India .

S He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .

C He was first player who played a test in cricket .

S He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .

C He has many achievements the 200 in one day , .

S I love the way he was played .

C I love the way he

S For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .

C For a newcomer thing to decide , they can better , batting or bowling .

S If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .

C If you to become a , concentrate on running , action , stance and , concentration on leg bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover shots which have become factors batting .

S Also watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .

C Also , videos of some of players Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , .

S As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .

C As health is an factor in every sport , to improve your and .

S Dear Jo ,

C Dear Jo ,

S It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .

C It 's great hear you are going to visit country .

S I am looking forward for this .

C I am looking forward to .

S I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .

C I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .

S l wish you will have a impressed time .

C l hope will have an .

S The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .

C The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You n't bring too many clothes because you can buy them .

S If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .

C If you want to travel around city , can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .

S This is a modern city .

C This is a modern city .

S People usually went here for shopping or eating .

C People usually come for shopping or eating .

S There are many local foods very popular .

C There are many very popular local foods

S You may like this .

C You may like this .

S I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .

C I also want to introduce my friends to you . We have fun together .

S when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .

C When have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here ,

S I can recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .

C I can recommend to my uncle 's company to get job .

S Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .

C Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .

S It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .

C It may take a long time to find a job and you have not much time here .

S You may consider my advice .

C You should my advice .

S My favorite sport is swims .

C My favorite sport is swimming

S It 's because swim is really fun .

C It 's because swimming really fun .

S Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .

C Also I think swimming keep your fit and it can make who swim feel cool when it is hot day .

S The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .

C The advice that I would to someone who wants start swimming .

S It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .

C It is not to afraid of water , otherwise they might learn to , also , you older it will be more difficult to learn than when are young

S So these are the advice that I give to them .

C So this advice that I give to them .

S Dear Camp director ,

C Dear camp ,

S My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !

C My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I your advertisement in the newspaper !

S And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .

C And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for

S I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English .

C I am monitor my time , and I am looking for a temporary to improve my English .

S Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .

C I do n't problems with in a kitchen , which be clear if I tell that my parents have a bar .

S According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...

C In view of age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have many sports during my life , such as soccer volleyball ...

S Waiting for your answer , Eider

C I look forward to answer , Eider

S The city where I live is a small village .

C The city where I live is a small village .

S All residents take great care of the environment .

C All residents take great care of the environment .

S Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .

C Organized shares where everyone cleans the village .

S All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .

C All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .

S Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .

C Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and order to not jeopardize various diseases .

S In my village there are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .

C In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws the ground .

S There are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .

C There are spcejalne you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .

S We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .

C We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .

S Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .

C Recently , also , the roof of the primary school solar panels were installed the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .

S They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .

C They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .

S Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .

C Wszysycy , of my village , they try to , so that our village is environment as little as possible .

S Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .

C Travelling in your car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on transportation . There several reason to consider .

S Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .

C Firstly , the bus is always stopping pick up passenger , than expected to .

S Secondly , the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .

C Secondly , the public vehicle routes more far than usual route

S Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .

C Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is privacy .

S Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .

C Finally , there is a risk victim of theft and pickpocketing

S However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .

C However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying new car and , the adventurer who wants have an exciting journey then to see more action

S Like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .

C Like looking or sightseeing mingling meeting people .

S In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .

C In addition to this , also admire the bullet train in Japan I the safest vehicle I 've

S To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .

C To sum , still consider having your car more safe and convenient

S Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .

C Public future they have plans at least lessen the journey times prioritize the safety of their passengers

S As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .

C As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with extraction .

S More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .

C More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .

S To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .

C To begin with , extracting mineral will be harmful to our environment .

S There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .

C There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .

S In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .

C In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .

S However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .

C However , it will probably disappear the developing equipment were being set

S Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .

C Next the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead air pollution .

S There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .

C There has been an example that the other is polluted by the process of developing the mineral

S No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important thing which should be prevented .

C No one can deny that the pollution problem one of the most things should be prevented .

S Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .

C Last but not , extraction will turn out to have a effect especially , on offspring .

S To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .

C To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was - developed and became arid place when she was a child .

S After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .

C After she grew , she decided leave and never go back to her hometown .

S In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .

C In addition , she has no happy childhood .

S One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .

C One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities it might bring .

S Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .

C Due to extraction many people in our hometown will earn much more money than before .

S It seems like a sought - after chance .

C It seems like a sought - after chance .

S Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .

C Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of

S In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .

C In addition , money is not crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .

S In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .

C In a nutshell , based the reasons and examples , the disadvantages of extracting advantages

S Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .

C Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .

S Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .

C Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearance poo

S The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .

C The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .

S Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .

C Global warming is a serious issue ; temperatures make the ice caps melt .

S The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .

C The longer we bury heads in the , the warmer the Earth will be .

S I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !

C I am learning to improve the general quality of my sentences !

S I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .

C I do n't agree , especially while cars are not flying .

S Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .

C Even if it happens , are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive not only to , for fuel , service and so forth .

S Buses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .

C Buses are simpler you just buy a ticket .

S And what about trains ?

C And what about trains ?

S I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .

C I saw a programme trains Japan - that is the future of public transport .

S I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "

C I want to see blue sky and not streams cars like the film " The Fifth Element " .

S Brandon Mackie

C Brandon Mackie

S Parliament House

C Parliament House

S Cambera ACT 25089

C Cambera ACT 25089

S The 26th of March 2015

C The 26th of March 2015

S Chief Executive Officer

C Chief Executive Officer

S Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza

C Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza

S Dear Carlos

C Dear Carlos

S Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .

C Your order for air conditioning units incomplete . We for the inconvenience .

S We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .

C We are aware this mistake . We a confusion the number of air conditioning units the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .

S Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .

C Because your order was confirmed late and the order was n't in advance , could only 5 pieces .

S Since the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .

C Since the units were sold in the but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .

S We hope you keep preferring us .

C We hope you keep choosing .

S Yours Sincerely .

C Yours sincerely

S Brandon Mackie

C Brandon Mackie

S My name is Chew .

C My name is Chew .

S I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .

C I'm 25 years old and I from Malaysia . I 'm energetic , cheerful , hardworking and .

S I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .

C I have 3 siblings in my family who take of all the time when my are busy with their jobs

S During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .

C At I like to play volleyball and I an excellent player .

S We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school .

C We usually competitions and tournaments with other .

S This is my favourite sport .

C This is my favourite sport .

S During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .

C During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .

S We cook varieties of food and dishes .

C We cook different of food and dishes .

S I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .

C I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .

S With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .

C With reference to the above , I would to apply to Summer Camp job with my full commitment

S Contemporary Art is a very controversial issue nowadays .

C Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject .

S There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .

C There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .

S It is well known that many Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .

C It is well known that many art and artists contemporary not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time is unintelligible .

S Luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .

C Luckily , most expensive art is still old art like Picasso or Freud .

S Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .

C Nowadays , lot of empty artworks being sold at auctions around the world extraordinarily prices .

S Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .

C Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .

S Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .

C Humanity has reached a level of differences it will be to stop .

S So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .

C So now we have many choices and an infinity information available at any given time .

S With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .

C With this stated we now have an idea of how artists create .

S The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .

C The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on and 13th .

S That weather was partly cloudy .

C The was partly cloudy .

S I got there by MTR .

C I got there by MTR .

S I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .

C I arrived at sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I in 100-metre race .

S On the first day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .

C On the first day before the sports day began we had opening ceremony .

S The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .

C The athletic representative pasted torch and we sang the anthem .

S After that , the sports day began formally .

C After that , the sports day began officially

S At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .

C At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .

S There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .

C There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .

S The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .

C The teacher called name and he told me to stand a place .

S So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .

C So I knew there was someone whose name was pronounced as mine

S Near the race , I was very nervous .

C Before race , I was very nervous .

S When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face .

C When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt wind passing my face .

S That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .

C That feeling very pleasant made me feel

S At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .

C At last , I was 27 people .

S Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .

C Although it is not a great result , I 'd .

S At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .

C At the end the day , our school announced the mark the four houses had .

S My house which got number two temporarily .

C My house two temporarily .

S I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .

C I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be champions

S On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .

C On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in inter class relay race .

S I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .

C I felt really because I was not good at running .

S Finally , our class got the first runner up .

C Finally , our class was first runner - .

S We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .

C We had difference of 0.5 seconds between us and winner the race .

S I implicated my class from winning the champion .

C I prevented class from winning the championship

S At last , my house got the second runner up .

C In the end my house was - .

S I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .

C I hope my house will win championship

S " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .

C " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .

S In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .

C In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .

S We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .

C We should use because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , , are harming the environment and the world .

S It is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .

C It is that all people go to the place on foot by . , is more healthy .

S There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .

C There is nothing wrong with a in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , not .

S I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .

C I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , I disagree that there is no future for public transport .

S Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .

C It commonly that tourism has greatly influenced only the aspects of a , but of the whole world

S Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .

C Whether has had a positive or a negative impact on lives it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants

S First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .

C First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .

S Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .

C Alongside development , the ability become easier such an it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .

S The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .

C The existence of multinationals tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just citizen of his own country , a global citizen .

S Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .

C Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth an economic point of view .

S There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the econmoy relies merely on tourism .

C There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy completely tourism .

S If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :

C If tourism influences the economy it thereby influences environment , and if it influences the environment , influences . How ? people more careful at their historical , thereby them . Transport developed both on small and a large scale .

S At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .

C On small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently

S At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .

C On large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .

S Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .

C Through the development of tourism cruises and train vacations were born

S One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .

C Once a time , was a tiger who lived a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .

S The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .

C The tiger was a , she was years old . The killed parents , because the herders were poor and did have enough food to survive , so they killed .

S The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .

C The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named , he was years old . His died , a fight other animals , he got an infection .

S Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .

C His died something someone dragged by leg and pulled cave where animals ate .

S They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .

C They died John was too little to remember and he never knew happened , he went everywhere for . even and walked even at reverse he never found them .

S The 3 daughters where so different each other .

C The 3 daughters were different to other .

S The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .

C The first one was Junior mom , she was cheetah . She years old and loved run and she was fastest in family and had lot of spots .

S She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .

C She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing

S The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .

C The second daughter was and leopard . intelligent one the family and the oldest of the daughters .

S Had 12 years old .

C She years old .

S Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .

C Other gave rewards or bonus she discovered water was liquid .

S The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .

C The last daughter was Ana , was the youngest of the family and jaguar .

S She stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .

C She stay and did all day .

S Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .

C Her were angry because she was the only one that never worked

S One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .

C One day went to and gave an incentive to athlete or do other .

S The end .

C The end .

S Hello friend ,

C Hello friend ,

S I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .

C I know you are searching for a flat to live in the whole of year .

S Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .

C Maybe I found something for you : when I was the bus returning I read a newspaper some advertisements .

S There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .

C There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for who wants live there for only a .

S There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .

C There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .

S I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !

C I think that you have to bring winter with you here it cold

S Write me soon

C Write to soon

S Alessia

C Alessia

S Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .

C Hello Riley , about the question you asked in your letter . It been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .

S Last night I made a decision .

C Last night I made a decision .

S I think that you should give up from your music classes .

C I think that you should give up music classes .

S You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .

C You have been having since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to .

S This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .

C This is my opinion , the decision is yours , so when you decide , send me a letter telling me about it .

S Love , Ines .

C Love , Ines .

S Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .

C Hey , name is Joe and I 21 years old and l l suit summer camp very well my good manners I 'm open with they can open up and speak .

S My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .

C My current job is as nurse at the local hospital and l do everything that doctor can .

S So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .

C So , the kids themselves , then l fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .

S The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .

C The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June year .

S I had an exam .

C I had an exam .

S That day I woke up early because I was nervous .

C That day I woke up early because I was nervous .

S Then I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .

C Then I revised home going , as at school , before beginning exam .

S When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .

C When I started to read the tracks fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be to finish and pass that test .

S But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .

C But when I finished before the time was up was happy and relaxed .

S I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .

C I always said that I would pass test and I was sure of that .

S And this is true .

C And it true .

S I passed that test !

C I passed that test !

S Hello Charlie ,

C Hello Charlie ,

S I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .

C I enjoyed hearing from you .

S Congratulations your sister for your prize .

C Congratulations from sister on prize .

S I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .

C I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . I had going , I 'd already tickets .

S My favourite sport

C My favourite sport

S When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .

C When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .

S At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .

C At the beginning went to the kindergarten they taught me to ski

S It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .

C It was a lot of fun , because I could not do .

S At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .

C At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , parents took me with them and we skied .

S My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .

C My father took me between his knees because I could ski falling over it was fun .

S When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .

C When I was older , I was able to better . My was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to to ski like my parents .

S Later when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .

C Later , I was 16 years old , my dream came .

S I had my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .

C I had my first snowboard lesson loved it .

S I took every free minute to drive snowboard .

C I took every free minute to go

S That was the story why I go snowboarding .

C That is story of I go snowboarding .

S I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .

C I enjoy snowboarding because you feel free when you are going the piste .

S You are like a bird .

C You are like a bird .

S It is the best feeling in the world .

C It is the best feeling in the world .

S You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .

C You are very happy and I sing a song and the world is perfect .

S That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .

C That is everything I want to have and I lucky .

S That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .

C That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .

S Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .

C Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone wants come to other thoughts .

S Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .

C Also , spend the time in the countryside if are , can see animals .

S It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .

S Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .

C Yesterday , he was on his way and it was getting dark .

S his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .

C His were worried and called him couple of times .

S He started walking very quickly

C He started walking very quickly .

S Everything was dark .

C Everything was dark .

S She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .

C She opened eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .

S A dark sky without stars .

C A dark sky without stars .

S She got up and look around .

C She got up and looked .

S She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .

C She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .

S She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .

C She started to take consciousness she could n't remember how she got .

S She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .

C She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get her house to this place .

S The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .

C The problem was , last thing she remembered she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of wind .

S She fell sleep again , didn't she ?

C She fell sleep again , did n't ?

S If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?

C If she did , how did manage walk in her sleep ?

S If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?

C If she was n't awake , why could n't she anything after that ?

S This situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .

C This situation really frustrating , to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .

S She started to walk to clear her mind .

C She started to walk to clear her mind .

S She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .

C She knew way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially last few weeks .

S The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .

C The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .

S In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .

C In the of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , have various options , planes can fly in clouds trains are and big enough to hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles hour and boats are bigger and faster than in times

S Although compared to ancient time we are lucky enough that we have all these option .

C Although compared to ancient times , are lucky enough to all these option .

S However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .

C However , if I am the to choose between all , I would plane .

S There are three reason to choose this .

C There are three reasons choose this .

S First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .

C The first is its speed both other means of transportation . It travel faster .

S It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .

C It can travel thousands miles in a couple of hours .

S As a result people can save their time .

C As a result , can save .

S Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .

C Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , chances of accidents .

S That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .

C That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than or boat .

S Third one is comfort level .

C The third is comfort

S Plan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .

C The plane much more more comfortable than both train and boat .

S In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .

C In conclusion , I will say that the be my first choice out of means of transportation .

S The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .

C The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , the plane choice .

S Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .

C Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It be the best award for a student who has school .

S The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise

C Young want to discover the world and travelling reaches which would be unreachable otherwise .

S I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .

C I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on beach all .

S I went with my parents and my sister .

C I went with my parents and my sister .

S The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .

C The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .

S There are a lot of people in the beach .

C There were lot of people on beach .

S The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .

C The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand on beach .

S I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .

C I sunbathed for very long time and then I went a cafe and and I drank a drink

S It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .

C It was a nice day because I had good time with my family .

S No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?

C No future for a public transport Is claim true not

S will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/

C Will see public transport on our roads or even years That really such an question .

S i think that it all depands from the development .

C I that it all depends development .

S now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .

C Now can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .

S yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .

C Yes I , if you planned journey a faraway for a long time you would prefer to do it by , because , , 'll less time , your be comfortable , you 'll have the to stop any and for a long time , as you need to

S but if we are talking abot travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?

C But we are talking about across your , would you prefer public transport or car ?

S i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .

C I that this is the question everyone and there n't be one answer all , because use public transport , and save way only money , but environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . spend more time or they simply n't like to travel other .

S so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers

C So in opinion , even in years , will be passing our streets a reasonable passengers .

S Hello Lara ,

C Hello Lara ,

S Thank you for your email .

C Thank you for your email .

S My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .

C My name is Mohamed and I am a - male from the Kingdom Bahrain .

S I go to GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .

C I go to the and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .

S Looking forward to know more about you .

C Looking forward to finding out about you .

S my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .

C My is the place where I live , I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable life .

S In order to attain this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :

C In order to attain this goal , have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :

S no smoking in the public places .

C no smoking in places .

S increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .

C increase number of trees plants and punish people cut down

S establishing the factories outside of the village .

C establish of the village .

S protect the water sources and the sea .

C protect the water sources and the sea .

S guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .

C guide and give details and guidelines about .

S I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .

C I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's is " Lemon " . go there every week . It different food to . crispy chicken garlic sauce . 's an for me . appetizer sausage in order that Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . feel ease when I go there . enjoy classical music while . About service : very good and all the are respectable . ca n't imagine one week without going there . That drive nuts . advise everyone go there and enjoy their there . Also restaurant has a relative advantage in really 's excellent . for anyone , that all of these advantages , are not expensive .

S Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .

C Volleyball is of the most difficult sports in the world . You to your body in the correct form throw the ball to the other side in the game .

S I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .

C I have playing volleyball for twelve years because of that have got to know a of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .

S When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .

C When I was 10 , chose play with a group of girls older than me . They good and I could believe the experience .

S Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .

C Volleyball is favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , am another world which I can be free and happy . Apart , when I am feeling , this is a distraction

S You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .

C You should try playing , 's but I warn , it not easy at first , but you have try times like you should do in life .

S In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .

C On , I get out bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , starts 9 AM .

S I often go to sleep around 12 AM .

C I often go to sleep around 12 AM .

S I usually play videos games if I do not have any homework to do .

C I usually play video if I do not have any homework to do .

S I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .

C I am not a big fan of sports , I do not play any .

S However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .

C However , sometimes do to keep fit

S Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .

C Michael woke in morning and the newspaper .

S He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .

C In the newspaper , he read interesting notice

S The noticie was about a competition .

C The notice about a competition .

S The competition is about write stories .

C The competition was writing .

S Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .

C Michael was excited because he was writer and he decided to enter

S First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .

C First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .

S He began to write .

C He began to write .

S The story was very good but Michae did not know how to end the story .

C The story was very good but Michael not know how to end the story .

S Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .

C Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .

S Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .

C Michael sent the story but he the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He n't give name and address .

S Yes , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .

C Yes , I TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedies

S Also there are a lots of educate channels .

C Also there are a lot educational .

S I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .

C I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things the .

S Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad u can watch one of them .

C Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you watch one of them .

S There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .

C There are many discussions about the future of transport .

S Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .

C Different experts have about this question and so there are opinions .

S People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .

C People like to have the freedom to and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .

S Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .

C Public transport is usually of timetables and you can only at time the timetable lets .

S For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .

C For this reason many people do n't like to use transport because they want to travel they need to

S By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .

C On other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less using your own car .

S Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .

C Finally , in the future , the commodity people is maybe to determine most use of the cars than the public transport

S Susan is a little dragon .

C Susan is a little dragon .

S Her skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .

C Her skin is colored red and green ; dots on top the green to be more precise .

S She does that every day after school .

C She does that every day after school .

S Of course , she has also a little brother .

C Of course , she also has little brother .

S His skin is colored red , just like the father .

C His skin is colored red , just like their 's

