S My town is a medium size city with eighty thousand inhabitants .

C My town is a medium - sized with eighty thousand inhabitants .

S It has a high density population because its small territory .

C It has a high - population because of small territory .

S Despite of it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .

C Although an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .

S I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the certer of the city which is surrounded by a park .

C I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the center the city which is surrounded by a park .

S Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert from the city .

C Pasteries very common and most of them offer the special dessert of city .

S There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .

C There is commercial along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds businesses banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers travel agencies , supermarkets and others .

S Most of the shops have sales and offers at least three months of the year : January , June and August .

C Most of the shops have sales and offers in least three months of the year : January , June and August .

S The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .

C The quality of the products and services is good , because there is . However , recommend be cheats .

S Everyone has his own plans .

C Everyone has his own plans .

S People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .

C Some people to be a doctor , others to be a teacher .

S I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .

C I have my own plan too , I do n't want to be the as . want to become a journalist

S Working as a Journalist is very exciting because many reasons .

C Working as a journalist very exciting for reasons .

S First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .

C First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .

S Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .

C Second , I can travel all around the world , and different people who are very friendly .

S Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !

C Next , I will have a chance to parties or events and I can make friends with famous people 's interesting !

S Finally , I will have high salary when I am Journalist .

C Finally , I will have a salary when I am a

S To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .

C To be a I must study very hard , I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come .

S In the future , I 'll become a journalist .

C In the future , I 'll become a journalist .

S Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .

C Nowadays , family has more than car for each person this is only one of several use less public transport .

S Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .

C Before , it really convenient to go by bus or by train , with the new economy , fares more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go long - distance journeys

S I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .

C I remember to go from my town , Palermo , Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , we are lucky , can get New York .

S In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .

C In England , I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot go to most important towns the , but the trains very expensive . Me my family are to off peak the prices too .

S I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .

C I 'm sure in the future there will be cars that are to fly or you can park them in your pocket .

S Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .

C Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live various nationalities .

S The possible reason is these international students can not speak English flowing .

C The possible reason is these international students can not speak English fluently

S They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .

C They usually lack and can not start debate .

S It is restrict to argue .

C It is restrict to argue .

S In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .

C On other hand they might want safeguard the image .

S In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .

C In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon other nationalities .

S MORE THAN KIP FIT !

C MORE THAN KEEP !

S Do you know mountain biking ?

C Do you know about biking ?

S Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .

C Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .

S You 're wrong .

C You 're wrong .

S Follow reading to know why!.

C Carry on to know why !

S I 'm keen on mountain biking since three years ago .

C I have been on mountain biking since three years ago .

S Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .

C First I tried it a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .

S The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .

C The main reason why I wanted to try it to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .

S However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .

C However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .

S Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .

C Consequently , I realized that although cycling helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most fresh and taking pleasure in countryside .

S If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .

C If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to look for good mountain bike .

S It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .

C It 's important to avoid accidents , be and have a good journey .

S Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .

C Secondly , he or she should a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .

S I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bike and my group of friends .

C I love this sport . I look forward to the weekend out with my bike and my group of friends .

S All of us spend a good time .

C All of us have good time .

S And I would like to encourage everybody to prove .

C And I would like to encourage everybody to try it

S Nobody wo n't regret it .

C Nobody will it .

S Lucy Keyes

C Lucy Keyes

S Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I 've seen .

C Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I saw

S I do n't recommend it to children lower than thirteen years old ,

C I do n't recommend it to children under years old ,

S because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,

C because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,

S Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .

C Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .

S The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and

C The movie is about Lucy 's family , a farmhouse that is and

S scary .

C scary .

S Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters

C Also reflects comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters

S from a story their mom read often .

C from a story their mom often reads

S The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously

C The story actually takes place in a camp a , mysteriously

S used in other times .

C used in other times .

S It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that

C It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that

S had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the

C had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers and same ones too

S story she read .

C story she read .

S I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..

C I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..

S The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake .

C The best place for young people in our area without doubt the lake .

S Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .

C Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .

S At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .

C At least can meet other folks and relax , and listen to .

S In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .

C In the summer around the lake , there so many concerts that have finding the right one .

S Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the

C Luckily , schools closed for weeks , the young girls and boys have a lot of to spend their

S leisure time together .

C leisure time together .

S Dear husband ,

C Dear husband ,

S I hope you 're fine .

C I hope you 're fine .

S I remember all of you and miss my family .

C I remember all of you and miss my family .

S Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .

C Leaving my country , Somalia was very hard for me .

S I miss my big house but I do n't miss the guns .

C I miss my big house , I do n't miss the guns .

S I hope to return to my country and see you again .

C I hope to return to my country and see you again .

S In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .

C In the following decades , and civil wars of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .

S Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .

C Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .

S There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .

C There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .

S I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .

C I really like to travel , but I like it I travel with friends .

S I a very good experience .

C I a very good experience .

S I love to travel with my family .

C I love to travel with my family .

S is different to tavel with friends that travel with family .

C Travelling with family is different to travelling with friends

S I do not travel too much with my friends .

C I do not travel so with my friends .

S I just have had traveled two times .

C I have only two times .

S Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .

C Those two times were the orchestra that I play in

S Once we went to Zacatecas .

C Once we went to Zacatecas .

S We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .

C We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .

S In that time I did not know nobody , just one .

C At time , did not know anybody just one person

S Her name is irixhi .

C Her name is irixhi .

S She was my friend , because we are from the same town .

C She was my friend , because we are from the same town .

S But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .

C But when I was there , began to make new friends that I never thought would , and I never imagined way that I was going to know them either At beginning , felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .

S We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really had a good time .

C We stayed in Zacatecas for week . We had a good time .

S The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .

C The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .

S We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .

C We went to to Acapulco to play to an event where Mexico go and present activities .

S There was too hot .

C It too hot there

S In Acapulco I had a good time because I stay in the same room that my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .

C In Acapulco I had a good time because I stayed the same room as friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .

S Then we went to Taxco .

C Then we went to Taxco .

S There we visit the central park and we stay in a very luxury hotel .

C There we visited central park and we stayed a very luxurious .

S We were very happy there we really like Taxco .

C We were very happy there . We liked .

S Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .

C Actually , had been there before , not with my friends .

S Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there that was an incledible experience that I will never forget .

C Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That an incredible that I will never forget .

S then we return to Toluca to continue with my boring life .

C Then returned Toluca to continue with my boring life .

S And now I have to pass my subjects .

C And now I have to pass my subjects

S We hope to go to Colombia next year .

C We hope to go to Colombia next year .

S I like biathlon .

C I like biathlon .

S Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .

C Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .

S In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .

C In biathlon , need to run some races are different ; of them long , some are short .

S But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .

C But , the fact that it is distance does n't mean it be easy or anything that .

S Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .

C Sometimes the conditions are not comfortable for guys For : wind , light fog freezing temperatures All these very difficult conditions .

S So , it 's not so easy like it seems .

C So , it 's not so easy as seems .

S That 's why I like it .

C That 's why I like it .

S This sport are for real men .

C This sport is real men .

S And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .

C And also most of them are very attractive . advantage for girls , who nice pictures .

S There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

C There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

S That is what everyone say when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .

C That is what everyone says we ask if they prefer public transport or car .

S Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .

C Using public transport can be difficult because we have a strict time and , , do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable

S Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .

C Sometimes the staff and we customers not know time . As result , can not get to work on time That one of the disadvantages of using public transport .

S One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .

C One argument for not using the car is that very expensive , but transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage so good , .

S For me car is the best and you ?

C For me , is the best . And ?

S Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !

C Well , choice is , it must perfect for your daily life !

S However you use Have a nice trip !

C Whatever use , have nice trip !

S People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,

C People usually tell me I 'm a cinema , and they are right I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , when it is a thriller , rather doing sport ,

S If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .

C If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , I believe people would like it for many reasons .

S First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .

C First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because waiting with bated breath to find out what ending this film would .

S Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , which was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .

C Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , who played Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .

S What 's more , the plot is easy in order to understand .

C What 's more , the plot is easy understand .

S The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .

C The story place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by and scientists

S Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .

C In addition the make - up and special effects story .

S However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get having a scared .

C However , the soundtrack was awful ; did n't get having a scared

S In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .

C In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which be seen if you want to good time , that achieves keeping you suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid

S In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .

C In addition , you wo n't have a opportunity to see it than this week , because just now Spain the cinema festival taking place

S You should take advantage of that !

C You should take advantage of that !

S In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country

C In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , my country is so poor and , , is considered one of the . And thing that be taken into consideration is that politicians are horrible . They destroyed my country .

S When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?

C When we ask ourselves we can care of the environment ,

S The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?

C the thing that we think of the pollution , the car exhaust factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about clothes ?

S perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .

C Perhaps we are shopping the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask for bag or to carry food or other things home

S We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .

C We could bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to shop each shop , we wo use or paper .

S But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .

C But we should n't pollution cars . should or public transportation

S Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle

C Also , the same , we should our .

S If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .

C If we are working with someone the same job us our neighbour , we can go to in the same car . This we use less petrol

S The governents are also important for taking care of the environment .

C The governments also important for taking care of the environment .

S They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .

C They should have healthy habits and , example can improve the habits of the population .

S I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .

C I love sports but I do get many to play a sport . I was in a village in India . My are farmers like most villagers .

S The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .

C The only playground our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks not good for sports .

S When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .

C When I was a child I helped father with jobs after .

S We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .

C We bought a in 1888 . After , became a fan of cricket .

S I was watching most of the matches .

C I watched of the matches .

S Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .

C Sachin and Ganguly were favorite cricketers . love their batting .

S A MISTAKE

C A MISTAKE

S It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .

C It was the holidays and Michael 's family were airport waiting impatiently for flight to Mexico .

S That was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .

C That was a special family ; was so big . His has 6 brothers so he has 17 cousins and little sister .

S In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .

C In total , 32 people a white kitten a dog .

S About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .

C About 10 minutes later , were starting get bored , when heard a girl calling them board plane .

S The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .

C The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .

S Michael used to have a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .

C Michael usually great time with his cousins , except with Tom .

S That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't liked that .

C That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't like .

S When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !

C When the big family got plane , they realized they were wearing too many ; was boiling ! !

S There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .

C Then took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,

S the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .

C the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .

S SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .

C Some later , designated the cousins were going to share the rooms .

S Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .

C Michael finally ended up the last one he would like to share with Tom .

S That night , the dog , the kittie , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .

C That night , the dog , the kitten Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .

S When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .

C When Michael got in the morning , he realized his kittten disappeared and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .

S He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .

C He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten the night , so he shouted at , opened door and went away .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .

C One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .

S It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .

C It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .

S The service is really great .

C The service is really great .

S The waitresses are helpful and smiling .

C The waitresses are helpful and smiling .

S You feel like you are at home !

C You feel like you are at home !

S Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .

C Warm candlelight small tables with patterned table cloths a atmosphere .

S The dishes are n't very expensive .

C The dishes are n't very expensive .

S i believe it is suitable for our class

C I it is suitable for our class

S So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .

C So , my favourite sport at present time street workout . I have been doing sport for a time already

S I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside below zero .

C I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside is zero .

S Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .

C Of course , in summer , like to exercise more than in winter , this does stop me .

S I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .

C I do n't know , but I go on the street almost every day order to exercise .

S If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .

C If it very cold wind , I do n't worry about it and I exercise home .

S For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .

C For those people want to start to do street workout , advise you start with basic exercises as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .

S That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .

C These are exercises and they will help you good start

S After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .

C After some time , you feel you are ready for more , you can start to do difficult exercises .

S So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !

C So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !

S I dare say what I was quite self - confident a few months ago .

C quite self - confident a few months ago .

S But now not .

C But not now

S What 's the reason ?

C What 's the reason ?

S Because of mind .

C Because of mind

S I was n't satisfied with your behavior .

C I was n't satisfied with your behavior .

S Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?

C Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run head , but how to write them correctly ?

S How can I use to use it ?

C How can I it ?

S How can I force my kids to do his homework ?

C How can I force my kids to do their ?

S How can I explain them ?

C How can I explain to ?

S Michael is a handsome and kind person .

C Michael is a handsome and kind person .

S He lives next to his family 's home .

C He lives next to his family 's home .

S Michael got married his close friend since only one month .

C Michael got married to close friend only one month ago

S But his mother hate his wife and always shout at her .

C But his mother hated wife and always shouted her .

S Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .

C In contrast , wife respected loved mother and never complained her husband about bad situations .

S Michael 's only fault that he is a mamma 's boy .

C Michael 's only fault is he is a mamma 's boy .

S For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .

C Because of this , always defended mother and always said wife was one responsible

S His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .

C His wife decided , because she loved , to forgive and apologize to mother - in - law .

S One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .

C One day when Michael was out at , his mother insulted and hit his wife .

S Moreover she fired her without her mobile or money .

C Moreover , fired without her mobile or money .

S His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on street waiting for Michael .

C His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood in the waiting for Michael .

S Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .

C When came , his mother asked him to up , she was tired .

S He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .

C He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on .

S His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .

C His wife walked behind him until they reached but his mother claimed that his wife said words to her pretended she was crying .

S Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .

C Michael believed his mother , he observed bruises his wife 's face

S He fired his wife after insulting her .

C He fired wife after insulting her .

S She was shocked and apologized about a mistake she did not commit .

C She was shocked and apologized for mistake she did not commit .

S But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .

C But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S The light bulb .

C The light bulb .

S The light bulb was created on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .

C The light bulb was created in by Thomas Alva Edison .

S This was one of the everyday invents that affects our lives .

C This was one of the everyday inventions affects our lives .

S Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent light .

C Edison is to have the first commercially incandescent light .

S He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .

C He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .

S Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "

C Some historians claim there were 20 other of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "

S ( taken from www.bulbs.com )

C ( taken from www.bulbs.com )

S Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .

C Edison began research into incandescent light bulb in of 1878 , and his original design was 1879 .

S Edison and his research team did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .

C Edison and his research team made discovery commercially create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .

S I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .

C I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live these days

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

S Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .

C Tom , of Peter 's fainted and down in the class room . did know what to do immediately . First down I checked his pulse . Then knew that he was of danger , I called my classmates . Everyone to the spot , still he was moving , we decided take him to hospital or call an . Finally called without .

S Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .

C Everyone was waiting for the ambulance 's , it had yet reached us The was college location is quite from the city . That why it was

S We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .

C We were waiting patiently . Finally ambulance arrived and took to hospital immediately .

S Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .

C Recently saw very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .

S I was interested if I could write such an article and win a prize .

C I was interested in could write such an article and win a prize .

S And I decided to try .

C And I decided to try .

S Nowadays healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .

C Nowadays , a way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .

S And as for me I 've been going in for sport for several years .

C And as for me , 've been going in for sport for several years .

S What is my favourite kind of sport ?

C What is my favourite kind of sport ?

S It 's ordinary bodybuilding .

C It 's ordinary bodybuilding .

S Why did I choose it ?

C Why did I choose it ?

S I want to be fit and have a good health .

C I want to be fit and have health .

S I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .

C I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .

S It became possible for me to run easily .

C It became possible for me to run easily .

S I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .

C I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .

S Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .

C Go to sports centres and , be active and you will feel different

S You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .

C You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .

S Sport is like drugs .

C Sport is like drugs .

S If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .

C If you do n't have exercise a long time , body will feel something unusual

S Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to fulfil any difficult job .

C Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to do difficult job .

S People will look at your figure enviously .

C People will look at your figure enviously .

S Describe your bedroom .

C Describe your bedroom .

S My bedroom is quite big .

C My bedroom is quite big .

S The wall of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .

C The walls my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .

S In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .

C In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .

S On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave any posters .

C On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't have posters .

S I am living at São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .

C I live Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , in .

S In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .

C In my city , the environment so difficult .

S First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .

C First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado the University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is to construct a new university building

S We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .

C We have done several movements but sometimes it worked .

S Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .

C Secondly , the council n't care environment ; for example , the council the new mayor over council

S It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .

C It demonstrated effort that made the last 10 years over because of new political position of the mayor

S It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .

C It is so stupid because the environment needs be more important positions

S Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .

C Third , we have not founded a green policy eliminate rubbish .

S Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .

C Instead of of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a landfill , have used a is contaminating soil .

S At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .

C Finally the population , most the time does n't matter throw away on the street or in a prohibited area .

S In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .

C In conclusion , in my city , for environment 's protection is working as it should of soil , environment and health

S Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .

C The environment our . There no awareness our locality . They with own work . No one sees is our town . They about how hot it is today , but do n't what makes it . I am planting trees making our . Some used to burn the as if the is useless . Man because the things we the forests free .

S They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .

C They do n't care the because it n't give to them .

S Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .

C Management is very important for an for decisions human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .

S Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .

C Most accounting practice affects Therefore choose programmes employees

S I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .

C I was the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .

S I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .

C I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .

S At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .

C At first , I a travel agent but he said he would be able to book me a flight for months , so I called my brother who heavily for not having told him about the trip , he told he would flight sooner than that good - for - travel .

S I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .

C I believed , but I did n't know how wrong I was

S He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .

C He me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at moment he had n't got enough cash him .

S The worst thing was to find it out at the airport .

C The worst thing was finding at the airport .

S I had never felt so nervous !

C I had never felt so nervous !

S Environment is always a hurting problem in the world .

C The environment always a hurting in the world .

S There are company so much , they make our life polluted .

C There are company so much , they they our life polluted .

S To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .

C To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something as propaganda to the people the country . About village , we use banana leaves nylon dispose of garbage ... and so on .

S we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung

C We clean our area to attract visitors introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's our lung

S Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .

C Hi , I gon na talk about myself .

S My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .

C My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .

S I'm 13 years old .

C I'm 13 years old .

S I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nine .

C I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , and in grade nine .

S I have 9 sisters with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .

C I have 9 sisters , me we are 10 girls and brothers .

S I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .

C I really love learning language French language and and speak Arabic .

S My dear Daniel .

C My dear Daniel ,

S Are you studing mathemathics for your exam ?

C Are you studying your exam ?

S I hope you pass it with a good grade !

C I hope you pass it with a good grade !

S I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .

C I have finished lunch break and before preparing to go to work , was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little with these photos . hope you like them

S With all my love

C With all my love

S Victoria .

C Victoria .

S Dear Sir or Madam

C Dear Sir or Madam

S I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .

C I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .

S I 'm a happy , energtic person who likes to work with children .

C I 'm a happy , energetic who likes to work with children .

S I love young children .

C I love young children .

S I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .

C I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .

S Bye

C Bye

S Marisa

C Marisa

S This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .

C This summer several things happened to me went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing when I went to a wedding , it was the event that brought me the most memories summer .

S We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .

C We got there at five o'clock . We not yet reached people , so we took opportunity to give the gift , a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store and apparently they were in need of a new one as the bride loved .

S Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .

C Half hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked with of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We lucky they an amazing wedding planner who arranged and fun activities . He to the bride and groom that they should get into inflatable ball and try walking on the water for long as they could and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , into the water , and kissed .

S At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave , it was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .

C At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It a long day and lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .

S I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .

C I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I a quick shower .

S After school , I 'd like to eat fresh fruit .

C After school , I to eat fresh fruit .

S I am keen to run during the night time .

C I am keen on the night time .

S IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour

C In country people lot mistakes have a lot habits concerning their attitude towards . They always throwing their old things and rubbish away public places The can not do their role their people and their bad behaviour .

S Once upon a time , there was a monster on the city called " Michenstain " .

C Once upon a time , there was a monster in called " Michenstain " .

S Michenstain was a very tiny city that was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .

C Michenstain was a very tiny city . That one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .

S Monsteration was a very lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .

C Monsteration was a very lively monster . He migrated the north every Monday .

S In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .

C In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he the opposite He , destroyed cities ; he smashed the architecture of city , and did lot of bad things .

S One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .

C One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .

S All the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't care about it .

C None of the people knew that was , so they did n't care about it .

S But when he arrived to Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .

C But when he arrived in , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .

S It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .

C It was in the middle of the night he , so he was eager to destroy everything .

S So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .

C So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .

S He was spoiling all the crops from the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .

C He was spoiling all the people 's crops he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .

S The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .

C The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In words , he was undercover another 's .

S He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .

C He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .

S The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .

C The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think . It called " The Monsteration Infections .

S ( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )

C ( In times , were diverse monsters but none of them was like him ; he was number 1 the monsters things . )

S The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .

C Scientists to find cure for the Monsteration Infections but they still do n't have it .

S In their laboratory , they have a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .

C In their laboratories they had lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .

S They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to have the cure .

C They had to isolate the chemicals to find formula to have the cure .

S Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPods .

C Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team on iPods .

S The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .

C The scientists that were making formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .

S Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English student for many years .

C Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences as an student for many years .

S I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .

C I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .

S I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .

C I have needed use English a lot of times my professional . For reason I took English lessons years ago .

S I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .

C I can tell you that I feel can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading but my main problem with English is , course , I have to . fee and confidence . think that I 'm always in Spanish then translation into . moment , 'm writing this composition , 'm making the same mistake I know that learning English is a long , I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person

S Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .

C Currently , 'm working as a at the university and teaching English is goal

S I 'm a teacher in chemistry and math too .

C I 'm a teacher of and math too .

S I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .

C I also work a with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income

S I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )

C I 'm writing now without using a and doing composition without translating Spanish I hope hahaha

S I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel good because I must write and write and write I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want finally learn English very well .

C I 'm sure I 'll have made mistakes , I feel good because I must write and write and write . need to improve my English level . I must not feel if I want to learn English very well .

S I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils

C I hope you can help me understand about how to my English level and develop my skills .

S Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )

C Thank you your , and I 'll wait for your advice ( this my first time writing over 50 words

S Milton Morales

C Milton Morales

S I like workout on push up bars .

C I like to out push up bars .

S it is impossible not to love doing sports activity on the fresh air .

C It impossible not to love doing sports activity in fresh air .

S If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles

C If you want to start working out , should be ready for a load on your muscles .

S On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .

C On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .

S In the afternoon I went to my dance classes .

C In the afternoon , went to my dance classes .

S it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .

C It fun because we learnt new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .

S On Friday I went to the mall with my family .

C On Friday I went to the mall with my family .

S I bought one sweater and two jeans .

C I bought one sweater and two pairs of .

S Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " legend " , " wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .

C Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " Legend , " Wonder , and " Eleanor & Park " .

S On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .

C On the weekend I stayed home . I started " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . laughed lot because of things that the characters said .

S The other things I do were sleeping , ate , and watch TV .

C The other things I did sleep eat and watch TV .

S The next day I went with my friends to see a movie .

C The next day , went with my friends to see a movie .

S We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .

C We saw " If stay " and I loved it .

S The movie is about a teenager named Mia that had a car accident with her family .

C The movie is about a teenager named Mia who a car accident with her family .

S Her father and her mother died before they arrive to the hospital .

C Her father and her mother died before they got the hospital .

S Mia survive but she is in a coma and she have to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .

C Mia survived she is in a coma and she has decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .

S Later in the week I pass the day drawing .

C Later in the week , spent day drawing .

S I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .

C I drew meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .

S The next days I did n't do much .

C The next few I did n't do much .

S I just sleep and watch movies at home .

C I just slept watched at home .

S The day before I start school , I do an investigation for literature class .

C The day before I started , I did investigation for literature class .

S This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .

C This was what I did in my vacation did n't do a lot but I loved my vacation

S Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .

C Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .

S I 'm from Mramorak .

C I 'm from Mramorak .

S Serbia is my country where I live for 24 years .

C Serbia is my country where I have been living 24 years .

S If you like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .

C If you would and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .

S Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .

C Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .

S Best wishes .

C Best wishes .

S Mirko .

C Mirko .

S As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .

C As per , No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please patient , as English is not as as you readers think .

S So , lets start ,

C So , let 's .

S Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .

C Most of the Metro cities are city - dwellers the , only the fare , because of the time that it saves .

S Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .

C Nowadays , the do like to travel on save as well as money .

S Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .

C The is even good for the of the people as there is pollution it runs on electricity and it also of the city . As has a wide area span of Metro is really awesome .

S Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .

C Other than that , transport is also not good for natural , is not good for the future of the country .

S If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .

C If you visit Taiwan , you ca n't the temples here .

S There are so many temples here .

C There are so many temples here .

S So , now there is a chance for you to pretend the god .

C So , now there is a chance for you to play god .

S Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces and pose as gods " .

C Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitating faces and posing gods " .

S In here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .

C Here they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .

S Curious ?

C Curious ?

S Just come and give it a try !

C Just come and give it a try !

S I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .

C I think paying taxes personal cars the use of cars or other vehicles in order to the traffic problems .

S Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .

C Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a with expensive tax , so people have to transportation , such as buses the , etc

S The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .

C Public will rich so we build more stations suburban and more public car carry this

S Therefore traffic will be batter .

C Therefore , the will be better

S Dear sir / madam

C Dear Sir Madam

S I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .

C I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .

S I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .

C I am 29 years old , and from Brazil .

S I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .

C I am an English student and have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed FCE , is a well recognised certificate .

S In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .

C In 2010 , graduated in electronic .

S From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .

C From June to September of , worked for a tourism company . My looking of people going to England . This experience makes me suitable for the advertised

S In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .

C In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting cheerful and committed

S I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .

C I do such as football , basketball and chess and these skills , could help children have fun while teaching them all the

S By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .

C In for the job offered , am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs do not mind , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .

S To sum up I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .

C To sum up , feel rather to assume position and thank you for considering my application .

S My faithfully

C Yours ,

S Alessandro Costa .

C Alessandro Costa .

S I think public transport is very important .

C I think public transport is very important .

S there is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .

C There no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .

S a plane may take about 16 hours .

C A may take about 16 hours .

S a car may take days or months for the same distance .

C A may take days or months for the same distance .

S I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .

C I am overwhelmed be the member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom my parents of years of and my little brother , Patrick-14 years in a mischievous manner

S Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .

C Their gentle norm lovely and adorable minds reference to their hobbies - reading .

S Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .

C Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged to status and material possessions . This class families as they achievements like , political influence . On other hand , class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they our ancestors in terms of values like , kindness , loyalty , etc .

S Metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .

C The metro the most comfortable means transportation in Moscow .

S Metro is only one that I use in the city .

C The metro the one that I use in the city .

S Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .

C Using is not comfortable because of the .

S Just a few years ago we started to use a special road line .

C Just a few years ago , started to use a special road line .

S But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .

C But the problem is , drivers are not to keeping line free .

S Moscow traffic is awful .

C Moscow traffic is awful .

S Everyone is in a hurry .

C Everyone is in a hurry .

S There is no difference if you use car or bus .

C There is no difference if you use a or the .

S For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .

C For example , public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . mean it an time , a train .

S That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .

C That 's my dream " when joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I had my dream .

S In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "

C In this faculty , faced some problems with my English . began to ask " How can I improve my English "

S all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .

C all of the answers , you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . said okay I have to depend on myself . began to join groups on Facebook I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . followed them immediately .

S I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .

C I am on way to improving English . ask Allah to guide me to the right way .

S My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,

C My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,

S to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .

C to teach children and adults in my country good English , I want to traditional education .

S the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .

C The thing that can encourage me to open this center is I have 5 friends in my country study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about me in my center .

S I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .

C I know that is a really dream , I pray to to give me all the to achieve my future dream .

S Alex , I and my friends will go to the cinema at the weekend .

C Alex , I and my friends are going the cinema at the weekend .

S Would do you please join us ?

C Would like to us ?

S We will see an action movie .

C We are going to an action movie .

S If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.

C If you want to us we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.

S the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .

C Public has future . The in 2008 reduced , The is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government incentives consumers .

S One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .

C One day in October , Michael , boy who studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While was the , he heard a door open

S In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .

C At , big man came the bedroom .

S This man was his father , who had dead .

C This man was his father , who was .

S Michael was very nervous and confused because he did n't understand anything .

C Michael was very agitated confused because he did n't understand anything .

S He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .

C He spoke with his father and he asked him why was there , his father replied he had the biggest secret about his family .

S " In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "

C " In the past , , mother , your brother , but had a reason . He a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "

S But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .

C But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .

S This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C This situation was impossible because his father was and , , ran and the door and his father said " stay , I must speak with you more explain why can speak with you " But closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Dear Mrs Kate ,

C Dear Mrs Ashby

S I want working in our cafe .

C I want to work your .

S I like a many food and drink .

C I like lot of and drink .

S I work in a coffee last year in my country . I can work long time .

C I worked a cafe year in my country . I can work long hours

S Sincerely ,

C Sincerely ,

S Tracy

C Tracy

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .

C Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It be a mistake by the center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure has already been to service centers .

S In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .

C In the notice , clearly states that all defective should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .

S If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than invoicing service center for not following instructions .

C If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than to invoice the center for not following instructions .

S So please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .

C So , advise all service centers to return defective to Slovakia instead of England .

S Nowadays , sport is very important part our life .

C Nowadays , sport is a important part of life .

S Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .

C Many doctors recommend practicing sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies for our

S Every day , there are many articles and news information that talking about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .

C Every day , there are many articles and news items talk the benefits that you get if you practise sport .

S My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .

C My favourite sport is swimming , as soon as you this sport , feel better .

S In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .

C Even if do n't lose , you can gain and flexibility .

S When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .

C When I am water , feel free and very hastily

S Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but also you do a lot of exercise .

C Not only is sport when you feel sweaty but you also a lot of exercise .

S However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired , is different , at the same time is fantastic !

C However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired . It different , at the same time , it fantastic !

S On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !

C My that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone in a pool !

S On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .

C My advice is that I am absolutely that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May not the time , but definitely .

S I promise you that it will be this way .

C I promise you that it will be this way .

S In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you can improve your life .

C In conclusion , sport is absolutely and useful for you to be able to your life .

S You start and then you explain to me how are you ?

C Start then you can to me how you are

S About Me

C About Me

S Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me chris .

C Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me Chris

S I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .

C I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13th of

S I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .

C I was born on Friday 13th 's funny .

S I was adopted from south Korea .

C I was adopted from South .

S I like to play football and floorball , I like also to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .

C I like to play football and floorball , I also like be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .

S I am good at floorball and not as good at football .

C I am good at floorball and not as good at football .

S Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .

C Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . like to be out in sail boat .

S I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .

C I have sister . Her is Tina . She annoying .

S She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't really know .

C She 's 9 or 10 years old . do n't really know .

S I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .

C I like being Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't homework but I do n't it . am good at little sister and I am proud of it .

S I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .

C I have got a . Her is Chelsea My food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .

S I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .

C I am looking to Friday I am going to the with my friends . We going to see " Let 's be cops " .

S My favorite is Narnia .

C My favorite is Narnia .

S I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .

C I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 Jump Lord of the rings , the - show The Walking maybe South Family

S I am good at floorball and not as good at football .

C I am good at floorball and not as good at football .

S Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .

C Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out in sail boat .

S I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .

C I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .

S I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .

C I like a lot artists a lot of different music genres .

S I like all from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .

C I like everything pop , electronic , hip - to calm music .

S I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .

C I watch few tv - series , I watch them on internet , I am not trying to time the clock see an .

S I like the restaurant we ate on when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .

C I like the restaurant we ate at we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .

S Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .

C Hi , name is Elliot and I like TV and Lego

S I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talk English " when I talk English .

C I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talking " when I speak .

S I know that I have not wraithen it but I have a brother .

C I know that I have not written but I have a brother .

S He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .

C He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .

S I mean when he wants something he just said give me that .

C I mean when he wants something he just says me that .

S I have two parents like the most people .

C I have two parents , people .

S My mums name is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .

C My mum 's is Jenny and my dad 's is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .

S I do n't know so many parents but whatever .

C I do n't know so many parents , whatever .

S I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .

C I like books too , I ca n't read so well , I do n't read books with hundreds of pages .

S I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .

C I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .

S I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .

C I like to speak at school too , my friends do n't like it I speak in school , I speak there

S My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .

C My favourite Swedish lessons like to write stories

S My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .

C My best 's is Viktor and he is really fun and I him .

S My family livs in a

C My family lives a

S Hi Daniel ,

C Hi Daniel ,

S How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .

C How are you ? I am going to describe myself you will be able to recognize when we meet at the train station .

S I am tall , around 2 meters , black hair and blue eyes .

C I am tall , around 2 meters , with hair and blue eyes .

S I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .

C I will be wearing a white T - shirt and shorts

S I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at the gate number seven .

C I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at number seven .

S Kind Regards ,

C Kind Regards ,

S Rafael

C Rafael

S I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .

C I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .

S He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .

C He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .

S he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .

C He to play guitar in his time and likes to go out with friends .

S Nowadays , we are in the age of internet .

C Nowadays , we are in the age of the .

S A flat world is created by the internet connection .

C A flat world is created by the internet

S We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .

C We can get easily we learn more easily .

S This is a power of the information technology .

C This is the of technology .

S The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .

C The social networks , as , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We a lot of to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on other ways we can make an action interact others . So , is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of health

S They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .

C They help us to communication with world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but lose time for many other interesting things

S But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...

C But it just happen in the technology and related fields such as : .

S On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .

C On the other , we still have a lot of technologies to create a lot of machines , on - side to make life and better day by day .

S Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .

C Transportation helps go more quickly , even go tour .

S It is amazing for you if you have enough money to pay for that tour .

C It is amazing for you , you have enough money , pay for that tour .

S We feel more happy , comfortable and refresh after something like that .

C We feel more happy , comfortable and refreshed something like that .

S Biography technology gives us more food .

C Biotechnology us more food .

S Chemistry gives us more tablets .

C Chemistry gives us more tablets .

S Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .

C Yes , we are solving many problems our technology for our feeling our health our finances .

S You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .

C You can join stock market world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks , earn some money .

S You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .

C You take the world in hands with technology to make life better and better actually , it not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .

S How can I help the environment ?

C How can I help the environment ?

S How can a group of friends help the environment ?

C How can a group of friends help the environment ?

S This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .

C This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo the recent forest fire .

S We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .

C We are worried that if the trees do n't get planted they will never grow .

S That is the reason why we are going to plant there 1000 trees .

C That is the reason why we are going to plant 1000 trees there

S Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building

C Egypt has lot of places , as the , and the one of the the world and a lot of from around the world to see these . wold about the people made years they stand without change and a lot of to take photos the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines A lot of teams come from all over world to study these conduct science in a lot of around the world , study how the air goes these how it keeps food inside it and how these stones taken and brought place and how this building kept bodies after they had and how these live the buildings why these are this and what the benefit of these is how to make kike building .

S Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .

C Public transport has development in past decade . It convenient and necessary for life .

S But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .

C But when it comes to travelling it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not want go where everybody goes .

S If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .

C If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .

S It 's more flexible for your travel plan .

C It 's more flexible for your travel plan .

S And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .

C And , there really enough development on planet . It be better if we could some place empty we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .

S Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .

C Save some nature for earth , and leave clean for our kids .

S Build public transport in a city , not in a country .

C Build public transport in a city , not in the .

S My favorite sport game is Cricket .

C My favorite sport Cricket .

S It is very important and very enjoyable game .

C It is a important and very enjoyable game .

S Today cricket is very famous game in the world .

C Today , is a famous game in the world .

S Among them cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .

C Cricket very famous in Sri Lanka .

S We could go to in the world from cricket .

C We could go to in the world from cricket

S It is very great .

C It is really .

S Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .

C Today we have cleverer and more umpires other countries .

S It is very valuable .

C It is very valuable .

S Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous country for cricket game .

C Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous countries cricket

S But those countries are very developed and they have any facilities .

C But those countries are very developed and they have many .

S But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .

C But Sri Lanka is a country still

S They have no facilities than other countries .

C We no facilities like countries .

S But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .

C But Sri Lanka 's team the World Cup in .

S It is very important opportunities in our countries .

C It is very important opportunities our country

S So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .

C So think I can enjoy more other games .

S You can start the cricket game .

C You can start playing .

S And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .

C And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .

S Today we have lots of sports games .

C Today we have lots of sports

S Volley ball , Net ball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .

C Volleyball netball Elle table , Karate , etc .

S But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .

C But they famous and we ca go to everywhere the world .

S But cricket is very famous and we know any cricketers .

C But cricket is very famous and we know many .

S We can be a famous and earn more money .

C We can be and earn more money .

S Cricket is good for our health than other games .

C Cricket is better our health than other games .

S In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .

C In my opinion , is best for you . You could a good cricketer .

S You do not what to do ?

C You do not what to do ?

S Are you a tourist ?

C Are you a tourist ?

S Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?

C Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?

S If I am right continou reading this .

C If I am right , this .

S We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?

C We have a lot of shopping facilities , that the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including shops , pet , food shops , shoe , accessory , toy , present and any types of shops that now can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . n't it ?

S But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go

C But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly some of the shops are unique and some others very well , but for that you have specialized transport will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .

S Hi ,

C Hi ,

S You wo n't believe what I did last month !

C You wo n't believe what I did last month !

S I worked at the backstage of rock concert !

C I worked at a concert !

S It was such a great experience for me .

C It was such a great experience for me .

S I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .

C I applied to club in our city and I was really excited when they replied asked me to help , I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works

S What was mny job ?

C What was my ?

S Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .

C Mostly I helped others and .

S I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .

C I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far

S It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .

C It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .

S People were singing and shouting - they all seem to be really happy .

C People were singing and shouting - they all seemed be really happy .

S I hope I will do that again once .

C I hope I will do that again sometime

S See you arrond

C See you around

S Steve

C Steve

S Hi Jo ,

C Hi Jo ,

S It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .

C It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .

S Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .

C Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .

S I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .

C I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .

S It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .

C It 's the of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people .

S Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .

C Every big city in Poland is very similar to the

S If you want to relax you can also go to mountains or sea .

C If you want to relax you can also go to the or sea .

S Even there you can meet really nice people and talk with them .

C Even there , can meet really nice people and talk with them .

S But let 's talk about work there .

C But let 's talk about working .

S We appreciate kind and hard working people .

C We appreciate kind and hard - people .

S But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .

C But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .

S Rate is pretty low .

C Rate pretty low .

S But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .

C But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .

S Take care

C Take care

S Ola

C Ola

S Hi Paty .

C Hi Paty .

S I 'm going to tell you about me .

C I 'm going to tell you about me .

S My name is Agustina López I was born in 1999 on 12th April .

C My name is Agustina López . was born in 1999 on 12th April .

S I 'm fifteen years old .

C I 'm fifteen years old .

S Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )

C Last year I celebrated my fifteen party I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again ) .

S This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .

C This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at with my family friends .

S I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .

C I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , I love very much , , make - , bags and clothes .

S This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .

C This summer was the best . went to Cuchilla my best friends . Their : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and .

S I have a great time with them .

C I have a great time with them .

S I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .

C I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .

S I went to the beach , we loved .

C I went to the beach . We it

S I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inportan to know English .

C I like English because it is very important to know other languages communicate with other people and if go to another country it is very important know English .

S I think that it it very interesting and I like it

C I think that it is interesting and I like it .

S Dear pen friend ,

C Dear penfriend

S Hello , how are you ?

C Hello , how are you ?

S I hope you are fine when you read this letter .

C I hope this letter finds you well

S I am very well and everything is all right .

C I am very well and everything is all right .

S Well , I write to tell about my last summer .

C Well , I am writing tell you my last summer .

S I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .

C I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it if friend Lucy had n't me .

S The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .

C The staff were interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were kind the .

S I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .

C I learnt lots of things , as dealing with money and tickets and watched for free

S We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .

C We got to at four in the afternoon and it was relaxing . I had a day off when spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome .

S This summer was really great .

C This summer was really great .

S I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .

C I recommend you to try this kind of job if want to earn extra money and also meet new people .

S Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon

C Lots of hugs and kisses Please soon

S Love

C Love

S Giselle

C Giselle

S In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .

C In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in jams

S Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .

C First , everybody knows , cost of is increasing more and more . Adding that bills owning car will bring , it becomes clear that it is cheaper to by public transport .

S Why then there still be so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of seat comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?

C Why then are there still many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of sitting on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?

S I would say that this is because the public transport are not so efficient as the should do .

C I would say that this is because the public transport is so efficient as it be

S In my town for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .

C In my town , example , I have waited up to forty minutes before I could get bus .

S I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live their vehicles at home and take a train instead .

C I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would leave vehicles at home and take a train instead .

S Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .

C Secondly , the environment would improve . As as I can see , pollution caused by is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , fewer cars there around , quicker you can get where you want to go

S In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .

C In conclusion , would really like who care about public transport to the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and get much more easily .

S The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .

C The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .

S You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .

C You see , , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer travel by tram .

S It is cheap and eloquence .

C It is cheap and eloquence

S I play basketball on weekends since I am little .

C I have been playing on weekends since I was .

S I also like to play baseball , too .

C I also like to play baseball , too .

S I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .

C I basketball and baseball like there is tomorrow .

S I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .

C I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .

S I play with them on the playground .

C I play with them in playground .

S I ca n't image the life without sports .

C I ca n't imagine sports .

S In the today society .

C In 's .

S The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .

C The most people travel , because the public transport is convenient for people to use .

S Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .

C Maybe , in fact , lands bigger so that the transport had not published to anywhere

S The general transport constructions can divided three levels .

C The general transport facilities be into types

S On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .

C On the land the railroad and highway are path city roads .

S In the sea , include the route and port construction .

C On sea , including facilities

S In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .

C In the sky , including flights and airport facilities

S The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .

C Transport economic development have close relationship , and utilized of land important .

S The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .

C The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished but the seaports airports with congenital condition

S When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .

C When integration the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities be for people to use .

S I am going to write about how live is going to change in the next 50 years .

C I am going to write about how life going to change in the next 50 years .

S Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious

C Although we do n't realise it , have to be conscious

S that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .

C that every day is a different day if we compare it the one that just .

S Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for

C Some years ago , did n't use to get in touch with friends and family , nowadays it 's the most important thing for

S some people who they ca n't live without it .

C some people who n't live without it .

S I am speaking about the mobile how it changed our life .

C I am speaking about the mobile phone and it changed our life .

S It 's normal

C It 's normal

S that in the next 50 years it is going to change .

C that in the next 50 years it is going to change .

S It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .

C There be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , maybe some bad things too .

S To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .

C To sum up , although we do n't want life to change , is normal that it will undergo changes .

S It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .

C It is necessary for our lives to have to feel that we are getting better .

S My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for our mind .

C My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for your .

S It also helps us in studies .

C It also helps us in our .

S I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .

C I agree that it 's not a exercise but a mental one .

S There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .

C There are many physical exercises , swimming , name any game except chess that makes our minds .

S I like many other games but the best one is this .

C I like many other games , the best one is this .

S I am not saying that we should always play chess as physical activities are also important .

C I am not saying that we should always play chess , physical activities are also important .

S The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that the children who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to study .

C The reason why I would recommend this sport is that who are not interested in their or would not be able to study .

S In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .

C In that case , would help him . It make the 's sharp and he would not get distracted his .

S Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .

C Local transportation is one of the most serious our area .

S The local transportation become difficult and expensive .

C The local transportation has difficult and expensive ,

S so the government must take an action to make it easy .

C so the government must take to make it easier

S Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .

C Public media also must educate people in importance of local how they can it .

S The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .

C The government save and jazz solve problem .

S they must find a solution to this difficult problem .

C They find a solution to this difficult problem .

S They must maintain roads .

C They must maintain the .

S People also have an important role to solve this problem .

C People also have an important role in problem .

S They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .

C They should conserve using buses of using their own cars .

S They also can walk or ride a cycle .

C They can also or ride a bike

S Government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .

C The government maintain the public transportation and make it safe .

S We can solve this problem if we want that .

C We can solve this problem if we want to

S I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .

C I that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above , and regardless sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do sport , whatever sport choose , such as spinning . That my favourite sport .

S My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .

C My piece of advice for a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good your health .

S I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .

C I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm the music louder louder This me high energy each time I go .

S If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .

C If you want to start doing sport , first of all , about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have good time , ahead and make most of your time enjoying the . Nevertheless be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .

S the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .

C The sport you do , better you feel . Indeed your mood will be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .

S First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .

C First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .

S If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .

C If we take a look at Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities , all people go to work by public transport .

S The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .

C The advantages get are following : they n't to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .

S These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .

C These people also help to protect the environment by saving resources like petrol .

S To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .

C To conclude in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is doubt the public transport system would be less inconvenient travelling by car .

S The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .

C The process for notes be outlined in six consecutive steps .

S First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .

C First , the bank notes are to , colour , artwork and security issues .

S Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .

C Then , they are by

S Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .

C Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .

S The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .

C The notes have special ink colour on both sides , which raises slightly .

S The most important step is inspect the notes which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .

C The most important step is inspecting notes to see are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .

S If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .

C If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes packed into cars in order to be over the city .

S If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .

C If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed by .

S Sport is very important part of a healthy lifestyle .

C Sport is a important part of a healthy lifestyle .

S It keeps our body strong .

C It keeps our bodies .

S Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .

C Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really suits

S I enjoy running .

C I enjoy running .

S It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .

C It is the of thing that anybody do and it affects parts of the .

S I literally feel myself stronger after every time I run .

C I literally feel after every time I run .

S There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .

C There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .

S The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .

C Public offers a possible solution to problem , because many can be in one vehicle .

S The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .

C The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .

S However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .

C However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .

S Firstly , public transport should be made free .

C Firstly , public transport should be made free .

S The government should raise taxes for pay for the service .

C The government should raise taxes to for the service .

S Cars are generally more expensive .

C Cars are generally more expensive .

S First , I think the public transport is more expensive .

C First , I think transport is more expensive .

S And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .

C And if we compare the money you spend on and the amount that you spend on , it is less .

S Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .

C Secondly , if you use a , you do n't have to a long to the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late

S I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .

C I believe that using car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It more comfortable less expensive .

S last summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .

C Last I at a . I it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .

S The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .

C The drawback this work is the big and I that I work at this cinema summer .

S My favourite sport is doing yoga .

C My favourite sport is .

S I do yoga to aid relaxation .

C I do yoga to aid relaxation .

S Yoga calms und vitalizes body and mind .

C Yoga calms and body and mind .

S I do yoga at least one hour every day .

C I do yoga at least one hour every day .

S From Monday to Friday I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .

C From Monday to Friday , do it at home . At I attend yoga classes .

S Yoga is a very convenient sport .

C Yoga is a very convenient sport .

S We can do it at any time as we like .

C We can do it at any time like .

S But if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .

C But if you are a , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .

S You can learn correct Postures in classes .

C You can learn correct postures classes .

S After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .

C After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .

S People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .

C People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years . and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .

S In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .

C In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . has been able to invent machines been put to work . Automation a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from work .

S The result is much less work and a better life .

C The result is much less work and a better life .

S The disadvantage , however , is that because of the machines many people have lost their jobs

C The disadvantage , however , is that , of the machines , people have lost their jobs .

S Dear Jo

C Dear Jo

S I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .

C I read your letter . would like to know some details about what places want to visit .

S I advise you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .

C I advise you to visit Queretaro . It had an excellent service for people since five years ago .

S Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .

C Talking about your new job , I was searching for vacancies . However , a full - time worker so I am going to continue searching for part - time jobs

S See you when you arrive at Mexico City

C See you when you arrive in City

S Sincerely

C Sincerely

S Uriel

C Uriel

S Nowadays people get around constantly .

C Nowadays , are constantly on the move

S It 's better use public transport or private transport ?

C Is it to public transport or private transport ?

S Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .

C Well , ecologists say that getting using public transport more beneficial for the environment than using a or motorbike .

S In recent years the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .

C In recent years , numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .

S But actually does it has a future ?

C But does it actually future ?

S It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .

C It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to run to catch , wait for , etc .

S This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .

C This is a fact which indicates that no future for public transport our society .

S Other signals are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .

C Other signs , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .

S But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .

C But if you take the bus , you have to get bus stop , which be bit far from where you want to go .

S Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .

C Also , has to be said maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using transport wo n't be necessary .

S yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .

C yeah I this is quite right because every person have a nowadays

S transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .

C Transport , a is more reliable for families if travel without waiting for transport .

S more flexible with a lot fun with family .

C It is flexible and lot of for a .

S I live in a city named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .

C I live in a city named Tangerang . It in Indonesia .

S The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .

C The Indonesian does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do citizens

S it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .

C This our river some big problems , as disease , unpleasant smells floods etc .

S i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .

C I , the river filled with garbage , always seem be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance garbage .

S And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .

C And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon and chemicals

S And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .

C And also , besides river , the road in the city is also polluted .

S garbage everywhere .

C Garbage .

S the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .

C The of my country is really critical , I think

S And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .

C And the amount of the city 's parks n't match the amount of the population and pollution in the .

S There are a lot of high - rise building and it provokes flood along the high - rise building 's section .

C There are a lot of high - rise buildings it causes the high - rise buildings ' .

S I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .

C I wonder if the citizens my country and town could make a better environment throwing garbage away correct and trying - friendly transportation .

S And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .

C And , please n't be so flabby your own citizen .

S yes , be strict .

C Yes be strict .

S I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .

C I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens be more responsible for what they do And that enough from me .

S I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .

C I suppose government have also this situation

S But they did n't do that much after knowing this truth .

C But they did n't do that much after finding out truth .

S I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .

C I hope the government take regarding situation because , it continues , Indonesia will the most unclean country over the other countries

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .

S She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .

C She looked and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friends had happened .

S After the class Alison joined her friends .

C After the class , joined her friends .

S She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter for her .

C She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she had in love with had written a letter to .

S Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .

C Then the friends could not fail pay attention to words .

S She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .

C She read letter with a lot of passion , it was obvious Juan was interested in Alison too .

S While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .

C While all the were Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh

S Alison was like tomato and all her friends laughed at her .

C Alison went red as a beetroot all her friends laughed at her .

S The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .

C The boy felt very embarrassed , so carried on on way he did not say anything her .

S Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "

C Alison always thought " If I had not this story to my friends I would evening with Juan "

S I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .

C I think that there is a future for public transport because over time the gasoline prices and the cost the repairs .

S Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .

C Like with things , , from clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . transport in the future .

S My relaxing activity

C My relaxing activity

S Swimming has been always my favourite sport .

C Swimming has always been favourite sport .

S I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .

C I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at learn to swim it became favourite activity when I was really tired .

S I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .

C I was with my sister and my friends and I had wonderful time

S Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .

C Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .

S Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .

C Moreover , it is said to be healthy and with back , swimming is really beneficial for me .

S In recent days I found out a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .

C Recently , found gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .

S To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .

C For this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .

S Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .

C Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .

S Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .

C Swimming is one of the best sports do it parts of the body .

S For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .

C For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy yourself

S There are lots of problems in our life .

C There are lots of problems in our life .

S For example : Transport .

C For example , transport

S There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .

C There are lots of kinds of transportation , cars , subways , trains taixs .

S May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .

C May Maybe are comfortable , terrible , average

S If you are late , you can use subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .

C If you are late , you can use the because it is faster , safer and cheeper .

S Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .

C Cars and buses become dangerous cause the street .

S My view of eating habits .

C My view of eating habits .

S Why does our brain think about food every day ?

C Why does our brain think about food every day ?

S Why have you fridge in every single home ?

C Why do have a in every single home ?

S Why ..... ?

C Why ..... ?

S Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?

C Every day people think fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food . Why

S Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habits ?

C Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habit

S How often do you open your fridge ?

C How often do you open your fridge ?

S How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?

C How many times do go some snacks ?

S What happened with us .....

C What happened to ?

S I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .

C I remember my childhood was very quiet and dinner at grandmother 's house .

S Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .

C Really , I tell that I was , , little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions soup and meal deal

S So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .

C So we can start the : first was breakfast , included some cereals with hot milk .

S Secondly , was lunch at school like sandwich and some fruit .

C Second was lunch at school with something like a and some fruit .

S After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .

C Later was at at time and had dessert .

S Could you see how easy and regular life I have got .

C Can see how easy and regular a I have got .

S My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .

C My " private menu " included fresh food salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and food .

S Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .

C Now , I am a - woman who does n't have for normal because I 'm busy .

S Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .

C Today , I wake up at 07.00am grab kind of with jam , drink coffee , more often than not , have for half a and run work .

S During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .

C During the , have lunch , is from a or order some junk .

S Later , I order take away from Chinese buffet or any pizza .

C Later , I order take away from a buffet or a .

S When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .

C When the comes , have a plan for a dinner which is made , do n't have time again .

S What happened with my healthy life which I want to have when I was a child ?

C What happened to healthy life which I wanted have when I was a child ?

S Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?

C Why does look difficult and harder it was ?

S Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?

C Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?

S Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....

C Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .

S She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .

C She went to the train station got ticket to London .

S she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .

C She and read the note again The was near to

S When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .

C When the train came she smiled and got sat down

S She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "

C She turned her head saw him . He following " , thought . " Well I should ask him what he is here " .

S " What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head

C " What are you doing here " asked . He at but with a bad , and turn his head .

S First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .

C First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage indicates beginning a new chapter for .

S Since this moment they will have maturity and responsibility .

C From moment , will have maturity and responsibility .

S Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .

C However many of them are not ready for this .

S So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .

C So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .

S When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .

C When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain lot knowledge , culture , discoveries , with all of this , you gain experience

S Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .

C Sometimes , this a person , making him a new perception of the world .

S However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel , they start to work .

C However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel ; start to work .

S The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .

C The job , like trip , responsibility and experience

S It changes in a different way the person too .

C It changes the person in a different way .

S The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .

C The consequences are n't good as the reasons for instance , they may have the career prejudicate or they spend so many years travelling that they are too to study at university

S Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .

C Besides , they have different of view on subjects that is why they may not the fun and the conversation in the social life with students .

S They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .

C They can not enjoy chapter with young fresh thoughts .

S Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .

C Finally , to make a decision to not go to university when you finish school n't the easiest action to take

S It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .

C It is a big that brings consequences and great experiences

S Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .

C Whatever the choice is it leave on lives .

S Be careful and choice it well .

C Be careful and choose

S Public transport is the backbone of a city .

C Public transport is the backbone of a city .

S Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .

C Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .

S If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .

C If in a city people use transport more their own private vehicle , it will help to protect the and ease as well .

S But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .

C But nowadays , companies are more focused on the improvement so that they be more environmentally and traffic friendly .

S Future of public transport will be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .

C The future public transport will be measured the basis of the of the private vehicle .

S Sometime people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .

C Sometimes get offended of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .

S But main concern will be technology .

C But the concern will be technology .

S Technology is being more advanced .

C Technology is becoming advanced .

S A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more

C A car is being made that is eco - and user - that it is more

S Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .

C Many people say , school , have to start a sport and do .

S Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .

C It is a good idea because some students have to study all for other subjects and time is very scant .

S AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .

C As example , a student needs recuperate subject or has get good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .

S In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .

C In contrast , sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , the most important thing is that we are always active so body can get good results .

S To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation

C To sum up , doing is very important for teenagers , doing regularly is a that we should make In opinion , however , doing mandatory sport not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , bothered out of .

S Dear Sir ,

C Dear Sir ,

S I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .

C I 'm writing with to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is to FS4812 but with different colours .

S I 've seen it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your

C I saw a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your

S products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .

C products list ( I suppose it has been sold out .

S However , I wonder if you cold tell me when it

C However , I wonder if you could me when it

S would be available again .

C will available again ?

S Thank in advice for your information .

C Thank you advance the .

S Yours faithfully

C Yours faithfully

S In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .

C In my opinion , they are not my friends If your parents were friends , you would live in harmony with them .

S They will consider you as a indpendent people .

C They would you as an

S Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .

C Accordingly you would responsibility what you did

S However , they are not my friends .

C However , they are not my friends .

S There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .

C There are some reasons why are not , follows .

S First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing wrong thing .

C First of all , I make effort to do my job better , but they only consider that I waste my time doing the thing .

S Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .

C Next , they do n't believe my skills .

S I do everything but nothing .

C I do everything , nothing .

S Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .

C Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .

S They always look at me like a kid never grow up .

C They always look at me like I 'm kid who grew .

S It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .

C It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in my .

S I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .

C I am overwhelmed grief , living with them .

S I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .

C I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .

S I prefer staying alone to living with them .

C I prefer being to living with them .

S People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for the education .

C People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for .

S In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .

C In my opinion , is actually helpful for learning new things .

S There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .

C There is one argument that says TV promotes .

S The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .

C The main reason for this is teaches , because it is an important medium in our lives .

S A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .

C A good example of this is large amount of news we are allowed to get .

S This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .

C This clearly shows that is teaching

S To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .

C To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all It is definitely educating .

S Many people argue about the use of TV .

C Many people argue about the use of TV .

S Some of them believe that it can only entertain us while others do believe that it can also educate .

C Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , others that it can also educate .

S However , I think that TV can do both .

C However , I think that TV can do both .

S I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .

C I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , or she can just choose the right Channel movie , as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .

S Meanwhile if an individual wants to learn from TV .

C Meanwhile , an individual wants to learn from TV ,

S TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .

C TV provides lots of cognitive , cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat .

S For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .

C For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people with to deal with problems .

S football is the most favourite sport in the World .

C Football the sport in the world

S Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .

C It was a athlete in the in early 1900 . The famous from when the World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .

S I really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .

C I have enjoyed and playing football since I was a kid .

S There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .

C There are several reasons people really enjoy so much

S Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .

C Nothing is permanent in this world . 've heard words from the mouths my parents and it is in my heart and to deal with this kind of life .

S Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .

C Sometimes you 're and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed that is the cycle the life we are taking .

S Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .

C Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are by the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has

S Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .

C Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our lives

S It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .

C It depends on how you deal with what you have in present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .

S There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .

C There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect you will be in the next years of your life .

S But the most vital part for these changes is yourself .

C But the most vital part for these changes is you

S Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .

C Everybody has the right one a change , it should be for the better not for the worse .

S With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .

C With the simultaneous growing inventions technologies , way of living go through with it

S A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .

C A complicated ways from before advanced make easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?

S The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .

C The digital age has been a big problem for the because the new and the have

S The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it

C The people already do not buy a CD , they download .

S " Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .

C " Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .

S It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .

C It is a shame that a person works months to enjoy work without having to pay ; is literally stealing

S It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .

C It is like you designing chair and it paying .

S The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .

C Singers to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now of income is from digital platforms Spotify .

S I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .

C I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .

S Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .

C Today , many people , groups or social movements with different and mainly of our dominant culture . For , or the age for marriage the role of women in the family , , and new types family and many values

S This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .

C This perspective on is inspired by counter - culture and some people call people alternative " , but they common each day this and diverse society .

S The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .

C The culture is changing in this way . Maybe could wonderful for freedom .

S CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE

C CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE

S Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .

C Eating habits my country have really the last ten years .

S it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .

C it 's r n't clear completely but I suppose depends on changing habits the of our society

S At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .

C The and most change is related to prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the is women lifestyles , through changes the sense they do n't like staying at home and spending time food . Now prefer to buy prepared food

S The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .

C The other issue related to habit of food together with our family , custom in human , just in our culture , but now because of a and busy life , we had to eat our meals of the .

S Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .

C Now , we forget big dinner tables are surrounded members .

S But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .

C But a good change in habits the to calories food , of getting on the and other that are easily accessible for all people days .

S Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .

C In summary , think the negligible we can control it to make our life better , especially relation to , the important aspect of our life we do n't pay attention to it enough .

S I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .

C I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .

S The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .

C The truth of the is I think I 'm full of ideas but , , ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .

S However I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .

C However , can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .

S Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .

C Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .

S That was the best place I had ever been .

C That was the best place I have been .

S we went to New York for four days .

C We to New York for four days .

S On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .

C On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .

S While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .

C While I was in bathroom , my was smoking .

S When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .

C When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for whole flight .

S On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .

C On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .

S On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .

C On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .

S Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .

C Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .

S I think I will go back next year .

C I think I will go back next year .

S It was a well planned for a holiday .

C It was a well planned

S Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .

C Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , to a vacation in Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .

S They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .

C They searched flight tickets rental car , and hotel .

S They were too excited and can not wait to go there .

C They were very and could n't to go there .

S About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .

C About one month before departure , they researched internet the places that might interest them

S There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .

C There were Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , most exciting thing

S One day before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .

C One day before going , Michael suddenly had problem .

S He needs to follow his family to the town .

C He needed follow his family to the town

S With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .

C With all his hurt heart he told his two friends about the matter .

S Adam and John was very angry .

C Adam and John were angry .

S They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .

C They said had planned everything Michael had ruined the vacation .

S They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .

C They needed think again about the budget and all of the other .

S Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .

C Michael could n't anymore . He his friends and said that no one .

S His mother heard what had happened .

C His mother heard what had happened .

S She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .

C She tried have a calm with her son in room .

S She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .

C She said can cause pain it is not settled .

S After all the wise advises , his mother kissed him on his forehead .

C After all the wise advice his mother kissed him on his forehead .

S Michael try to think again wisely .

C Michael tried think wisely again

S He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .

C He accompanied mother to 's door .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .

C He called his friends back managed sort

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten he had to do . After , remembered he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in car as the doctor clinic was away her house . Peter to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the . He to her and asked her to get car . Never " she said got in car beside him .

S Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .

C Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After arrived , found that they had wait period time to take their . They and then their turn came . They the doctor 's surgery the doctor was very kind . He them and after checking grandmother , said

S she was very fine

C she was absolutely .

S There is a man who is most important for one 's life .

C There is a man who is the important in life .

S I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .

C I am not different in . There a backstairs in my life . He none other father .

S I respect him so much and admire also .

C I respect him so much and admire him .

S He is my best friend who never hurts me .

C He is my best friend who never hurts me .

S He always helps me by giving good advance .

C He always helps me by giving good advice

S He is an ideal farmer who never and even tells a lie .

C He is an ideal farmer who never a lie .

S His means of livelihood is the simplest .

C His means of making a is the simplest .

S He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .

C He always honors the oldest and taught us to lie . as I remember , day he was advising me when an man entered the conversation and gave foolish speech .

S Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .

C Nevertheless , father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .

S he is a fluent speaker .

C He a fluent .

S that 's why I admire him .

C That why I admire him .

S Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .

C Everyone makes . one can I have not made any mistakes my life .

S I have made many mistake I guess .

C I have made many mistakes guess .

S But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?

C But is that a problem in our lives a problem , does it really matter ?

S Or do you really regretted what have you done ?

C Or do you really regret you have ?

S Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .

C Travelling by car plays an important role in our lives

S There are a lot of private transport in the streets .

C There is lot of private transport in the streets .

S However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .

C However , by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine Travelling by bus is not as as getting in car , but you can know what might with your car , where it might get in traffic some accident .

S Public transport has a timetable .

C Public transport has a timetable .

S This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .

C This fact gives the the to the traffic on the roads in or towns

S Private transport give us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .

C Private transport gives traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .

S We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .

C We get because we are responsible not only for our lives for people 's too .

S And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .

C And , , have to understand that using transport is cheaper than using car .

S The other side of the problem is ecology .

C The other side of the problem is ecological

S Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?

C Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?

S What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?

C What can we say about our ecological awareness

S Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .

C Let 's take a bicycle to travel our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .

S Transport is more important for our life .

C Transport is very for our lives

S Public transport is becoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .

C Public transport will have future because by car is more convenient .

S Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .

C Public transport is suitable for luggage

S Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .

C Travel to depend on public transport timetables

S It is more fun when we travelling by car .

C It is more fun when we travel car .

S We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car

C We can play music or talk about while we travel in a .

S Public transport is more boring .

C Public transport is more boring .

S If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .

C If there is no public in some areas then we need to hire a .

S So If we have our car , it is much easier than using transport .

C So , we have our own , it is much easier than using public .

S Dear Jo ,

C Dear Jo ,

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .

C Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .

S Hong Kong is wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .

C Hong Kong is a place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing

S You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .

C You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .

S Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautiful night view in the Peak .

C Visit Budda on Island , see beautiful night view on Peak .

S Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hikking .

C Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking

S I am sure that you will love this country !

C I am sure that you will love this country !

S If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .

C If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could English for a school

S In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .

C In Hong Kong , most like to take some courses in the

S I will get some information for you if you have interest it .

C I will get some information for you if you are in

S Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .

C Write to me when have fixed your itinerary , looking forward to seeing in Hong Kong .

S Ta

C Ta

S I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .

C I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes the we have been using all our lives .

S But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .

C But this time , it be another story , in order to save time and money , are going to use our own cars

S Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?

C Let me explain my reasons . When drive your car , can take it from your garage or outside main door of your house and it gets you to want . But the other hand , you take public transport , will be much more inconvenient you have to the bus at stop ... Where your nearest bus stop ?

S Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .

C Then you have to subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . the other hand , it cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any to pay the bus driver ? Here the problem .

S You should look for a shop to exchange your money into coins .

C You have to for a shop to turn money into coins .

S What 's the time , then ?

C What 's the time , then ?

S Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .

C Obviously , are late for , even if you have an appointment to have interview for a job .

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .

S She read a note from her boyfriend Tom .

C She read a note from her boyfriend , .

S She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .

C She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .

S They go to a new film about James Bond .

C They are going see new film about James Bond .

S Alison is very happy because she did not see Tom for two months .

C Alison is very happy because she had seen for two months .

S he must study in a different country and they not see each other for months .

C He to in a different country and they had seen other for months .

S Tom is sutding in London .

C Tom is studying London .

S Alison go to a bus stop and she waiting for a bus .

C Alison goes a bus stop and she waits a bus .

S She can not wait to see Tom .

C She can not wait to see Tom .

S When she arrived at a shopping centre Tom is already waiting .

C When she arrives a shopping centre , is already waiting .

S They want to spend all evening together .

C They want to spend all evening together .

S The lion king is my favourite film .

C The Lion my favourite film .

S It is the story about a little lion and his life .

C It is a about a little lion and his life .

S Symba is the main character .

C Symba is the main character .

S He must began to be the king .

C He must began be the king .

S He lives on the wild .

C He lives in wild .

S His father saves him of a fight but he died and Symba is sad .

C His father saves him from fight but he dies Symba is sad .

S He moves to another place because he did n't want to be on the same place where his father died .

C He moves to another place because he does want to be in same place where his father died .

S But he knows Timon and Pumba and they get that Symba believe again that life is good .

C But he gets to know and Pumba and they make again that life is good .

S Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .

C Then , Symba saves lion and this lion is Nala , is an old friend of Symba .

S They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .

C They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .

S I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .

C I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .

S My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .

C My name is Shousheng I in Montreal , .

S Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .

C Although is an English - speaking , , the official is French

S So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .

C So I do not have the practise , of my colleagues speak French .

S They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping

C They speak French in in the gearm and in the shopping .

S My favourite sport is running .

C My favourite sport is running .

S When I have a free time I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .

C When I have time , usually run , I feel really relaxed after that .

S I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .

C I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .

S When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .

C When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .

S I advise everyone to start this sport .

C I advise everyone to start this sport .

S In the fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .

C In , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .

S But it 's very important for your health .

C But it 's very important for your health .

S Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .

C Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .

S My favourite sport is football .

C My favourite sport is football .

S I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .

C I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .

S Football is really good because it is an active sport .

C Football is really good because it is an active sport .

S It is bewildering !

C It is bewildering

S I was inspired by a true ledgend , his name is Edan Hazard .

C I was inspired by a true legend His is Edan Hazard .

S He plays for Chelsea .

C He plays for Chelsea .

S My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man city , Man united , Real madrid and barcelona .

C My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man City Man United Real Madrid Barcelona

S That all I can say . I love football very much

C That is I can say . I love football very much .

S yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .

C Yes can say that the is much more . But every person can .

S even that price behind fuel for car .

C even that price behind fuel for car .

S that 's first fact .

C That the fact ,

S and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .

C and the second one is the or style of young people who do n't like using a car rather a .

S after that last point we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .

C after that last point not go everywhere we would like using a car

S that have limitation also there .

C There limitations .

S might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .

C Maybe many like there are so many services it .

S but it does not means that public transport is not having future .

C But not mean public transport does have .

S that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .

C That behind sense the public transport is not the the .

S if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .

C If want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say But transport is a in big cities well as small villages

S It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only best ones .

C It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city as , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only the ones .

S Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .

C Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .

S I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .

C I 'm sure you agree that Square is the most popular sight in the Russia .

S That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .

C That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .

S You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .

C You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .

S From the Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .

C From Square , can easily see the Kremlin , St. Basil 's , the State Historical Museum and Gum Department Store

S If you are dying of hunger you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .

C If you are dying of hunger , can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at # 57 , which is third floor of .

S I prefer spending my free time in the parks .

C I prefer spending my free time in the parks .

S Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure .

C Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure time

S It 's a capital 's central park where you 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .

C It 's the 's central park where you 'll find of interesting things

S There are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .

C There are lots of facilities , as sports centre , a pong club , a centre etc .

S There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .

C There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 pm

S So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .

C So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .

S My friend 's name is Kadir .

C My friend 's name is Kadir .

S He is from Giresun .

C He is from Giresun .

S He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .

C He likes playing with his phone , playing basketball and reading

S He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .

C His are music , playing games watching watching .

S These are my friends hobbies .

C These are my friend 's .

S I 'd like to talk about my past .

C I 'd like to talk about my past .

S I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past ..

C I 'm only fifteen years old , I think I have a heavy .

S First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .

C First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement

S We did n't have a lot of money but I went to a private elementary school .

C We did n't have a lot of money , I went to a private elementary school .

S There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .

C There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .

S I had a lot of friends , too much friends ..

C I had a lot of friends ; many .

S At sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .

C In grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .

S I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .

C I remember two contrasting . day , had to create a team to do exercise which used the ; chose me .

S Although , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .

C However another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .

S That get to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .

C That get the second problem I had , and still have : my weight .

S They did n't choose me because of my weight .

C They did n't choose me because of my weight .

S I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I 'm four years old .

C I was too fat , too much fat .. looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I was years old .

S Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then all changed ..

C Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then everything .

S Learning English is very important by the future of all .

C Learning English is very important to future of everyone

S Is a language that many people speak and known .

C It is language that many people speak and know

S Many people start learning English at school .

C Many people start learning English at school .

S Later , the people continue in language schools .

C Later , continue in language schools .

S Is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .

C It is difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .

S In an English speaking country , everyday you learn to live .

C In an English - country , every day learn to live .

S People speaking different but with a basic level understand English .

C People speak , with a basic level , they English .

S It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people but is a good experience to learn .

C It is difficult to go to an unknown place different people , it a good experience to learn .

S I think if the whole world has only one language would be better .

C I think if the whole world had one language it be better .

S Everyone could speak and understand .

C Everyone could speak and understand each other

S Not so , therefore , we must study very English .

C But this is not . Therefore we must study .

S Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing with failures and kept telling myself that was n't a big shame because I had had tried my best .

C Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was dealing failures and kept telling myself that it n't a big shame because I had my best .

S Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .

C Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .

S I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .

C I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on own or with my friends , it 's very good my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .

S sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .

C Sometimes feel tired of walking , on with temperatures , but that ca n't make stop doing this sport .

S when I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feeling good .

C When 'm walking , it refresh me all the time and makes me feel .

S I want to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as you can , because it 's a benefit sport .

C I want to give advice to people who love this of sport : do not give it up and do it as often as can , because it 's a beneficial .

S Hi , everyone .

C Hi , everyone .

S its good idea to improve my English writing .

C It 's idea to improve my English writing .

S I 'd like to speak the education process in Egypt .

C I 'd like to speak about education system Egypt .

S I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .

C I from the of law " English division " years ago a good grade .

S The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .

C The ordinary result of the big effort I had made university to have a job in my specialization , lawyer .

S But in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .

C But in Egypt no one gets he deserves You to a lot of money to have a job or know who can his authority to appoint you .

S So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .

C So , I wanted get a job in another state , Dubai . heard jobs there are good and salaries I have submitted CV for jobs ,

S but what is the common reply ?

C but what is the common reply ?

S your qualifications are not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .

C Your are not satisfactory must be UK Or USA educated .

S Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .

C Finally , I see that I have very high marks for , I have the ability to work in life because in Egypt there is the worst education .

S Thanks .

C Thanks .

S 1 ) I like helping people

C 1 ) I like helping people

S 2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .

C 2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .

S 3 ) Meryy refused borrowing money .

C 3 ) Meryy refused to borrow .

S 4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?

C 4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?

S 5 ) I look forward to meet you .

C 5 ) I look forward to meeting .

S 6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .

C 6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .

S I do not think , it 's easy to do research in India .

C I do not think 's easy to do research in India .

S Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .

C Even if want to focus on my work , one or the other issue to distract me .

S I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .

C I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .

S But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight with the system .

C But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight system .

S We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .

C We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .

S We can change everything hurt us if we need if we have volition

C We can change everything that if we need to , we have the will .

S The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...

C The reasons for stress are more diverse ; because we have an exam period , family problems because we think in a way , or we have ourselves through hours of working and canceld needs for enough comfort and lots of reasons to stress ...

S We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...

C We must get rid the stress quickly before we ourselves , it 's very harmful For , can read a book , do , play music , eat food , remember the positive things that , talk with who you get rid of that upset and makes tiring , go out and eat a with your best , and there are lot of things can ...

S Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , and you can avoid it

C Remember is not a thing , and you can avoid it .

S But if you are willing to live in happy life .

C But if you are willing to live a life .

S Dear Sir

C Dear Sir

S I am writing to complain about the cafe - Lunch menu .

C I am writing to complain about the cafe 's lunch .

S In my opinion the main course needs a lack of improvement .

C In my opinion , main course needs .

S Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .

C Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .

S Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .

C Secondly , is a lot of in fruits and puddings .

S There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .

C There are many . There many drinks either

S Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .

C Some people my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc . they do not have a lot of food to choose , halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .

S It is considered that you change the type of food regularly .

C It is thought you should the type of food regularly .

S Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .

C You should also reduce , obese and is healthy .

S It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .

C It would better if you offered according the weather , 's , would like a hot drink and , it is summer , would like a chilled drink .

S I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .

C I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .

S Thank you .

C Thank you .

S Yours faithfully

C Yours faithfully

S Dear Mrs Ashby ,

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,

S I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .

C I 'm writing to you regarding saw my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy on cafe staff .

S As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .

C As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .

S For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .

C For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as good opportunity for me to improve my income , me to pay bills .

S Now I am twenty fiver years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .

C am twenty - five old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .

S The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .

C The first time was London 6 months , and most recently , Berlin 8 months .

S the movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " the purge "

C The I 'm going to be reviewing is " The

S I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .

C I actually liked quite a lot . just loved all the suspense and the parts where leave you hanging . It just really . The is about the American , annually give hours when crimes even murder , are , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in You kill whoever you want .

S The thing is , some people do n't think it 's ok , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .

C The thing is , some people do n't think it 's OK and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .

S The diagrams illustrates the process about producing bank notes .

C The diagrams illustrate process of bank notes .

S At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .

C At the , bank notes should be well - designed , the colour matching and artwork , relating to

S After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .

C After designing them metal plates are with the help of experienced machinists .

S Then , it comes to the printing step .

C Then comes to the printing step .

S Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .

C Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the is raised by a special of ink .

S Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked whether they are of perfect quality or not .

C Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see they are of perfect quality or not .

S They can only be packed and distributed when they are with good quality .

C They can only be packed and distributed if are of quality .

S In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .

C In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are separated need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from getting the market .

S That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to the one we can purchase goods in our daily life .

C That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to what can use to goods in our daily life .

S Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help for example for travelling for long distance .

C Many people believe that nowadays is no future for transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the thought they do help , example , distances

S I believe both are useful .

C I believe both are useful .

S Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .

C Firstly , there are of people who ca n't a car , so , only option they have is to travel by these modes of

S The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .

C The ticket does n't too it is affordable the majority of , least compared buying a car .

S Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .

C Secondly , public transport efficient than cars and people would n't to purchase fuel

S When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .

C When people need travel other continents or far away , they may need a plane , which a form of transport , to complete the journey because they to oceans and complicated that have different landforms

S However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .

C However , a car is something which to person and he can do whatever wants and find it in the same state it in and sometimes public transport vehicles n't in the best way .

S In addiion , you have to share with people you absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt see again .

C In addition you have to share with people you absolutely do n't and probably wo n't again .

S Consequesntly yo can be stole or get sick .

C Consequently , be robbed get sick .

S But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .

C But , by observing these people , can enrich with the cultures and manners the others and incorporate new topics .

S To conclude we can establish a middle point .

C To conclude , can establish a middle point .

S Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .

C Public transport but sometimes inconvenient and You can get to know new people and different cultures .

S When I was 12 , I went in France for the first time in my life .

C When I was 12 , I went to for the first time in my life .

S That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't nourth Italy .

C That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't northern .

S I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for took the train and went to Paris in France .

C I remember I up at 6 o'clock to train and went to Paris in France .

S After 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and me went to the hotel .

C After 4 hours sitting an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and I to the hotel .

S We fisited a lot of monuments , museums and churces , like the Louvre with the Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .

C We visited lot of monuments , museums and churches like the Louvre with the Mona Lisa Leonardo Da Vinci .

S That week I felt happy and relaxed but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Italy .

C That week I felt happy and relaxed , I was a little bit sad when we returned to .

S I am waiting only to go there another time !

C I am only waiting go there another time !

S Nowadays my people have their own transport , for example they have cars .

C Nowadays , have their own transport . For , have cars .

S Transport is the best situation for people to can travel around a country .

C Transport is the best facility people to be able to around a country .

S Without transport people can not go back to work and do something else .

C Without transport , can not go work or anything .

S With public transport , is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .

C Public the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .

S No need to pay a full amount because they have many people who entered the bus .

C No need to pay the amount , they have many people who board bus .

S Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move one place to another .

C Public transport helps to know our country and enables to move from place to another .

S For example , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .

C For example , we have to to go to place , a car can park in the place where want to go .

S It helps us in many difficult ways , if they have a problem we can take a bus and go there .

C It helps us in many different . If a problem , can take a bus and go there .

S It will be more appropriate for us .

C It will be more appropriate us .

S All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .

C All villages bus where the bus stops pick up drop off .

S And some bus drive at night to take passengers .

C And some buses at night to transport .

S Without it many people will have many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .

C Without it , people would a lot of .

S However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .

C However , there disadvantages with transport . They traffic jams This because the buses and difficult to control .

S If the roads are small , the bus would go in the street .

C If the roads are narrow the bus wo n't along street .

S The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bus - stop .

C The bus will drop off passengers where they want to go , because they have to drop off bus .

S Day by day the country develop more and more , nowadays they have trains .

C Day by day , country is developing and more . Nowadays trains .

S Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .

C Many people travel by train because they arrive the bus and are in the run .

S The public transport will have many future because some people have no money to buy their own car .

C Public will have a because some people have no money to buy their own car .

S Public transport have help us in many different ways .

C Public transport in many different ways .

S It will better if they have public transport .

C It will better if we public transport .

S Dear Kuba !

C Dear Kuba

S Do your family is happy that you come back ?

C Is your family that you came ?

S Are you fine ?

C Are you fine ?

S I am writing to tell you that I have known my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .

C I am writing to tell you that I met aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .

S We met each other next to Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .

C We met each other near Street , when I was going to a supermarket .

S She went with me and we talk about everything !

C She went with me and we talk about everything !

S She is very interesting and wise person , but the best is her humor .

C She is a interesting and wise person , but the best thing her humor .

S We are going to travel to the France in this holiday .

C We are going to travel to holiday .

S It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .

C It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .

S kisses

C Kisses

S Ola

C Ola

S Nowadys using public transport is considered to be the most convenient

C Nowadays , public transport is considered to be the most convenient

S way to move around .

C way to get .

S It provides citizen the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .

C It provides citizens with freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .

S However , taking your own car is the much more useful .

C However , taking your own car is more useful .

S And for this reason I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .

C And for this reason , honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .

S You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .

C You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .

S Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .

C Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .

S For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discover its monuments and landmarks .

C For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discovering monuments and landmarks .

S However , there are also an endless of leisure activities such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks

C However , there is an endless of leisure activities , as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks .

S If it were not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .

C If that enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .

S In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will useful for us only , so they always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .

C In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be for us only so they are careful try to clean the village .

S Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .

C Whenever they go they keep bag with them so whatever rubbish not throw road or outside .

S they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw to dust bin

C They keep the rubbish and dust a bag and then they throw it the .

S D. Perhaps , bilingual school creation might be a good idea of Colombian education improvement , but it will be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .

C D. Perhaps school creation might be a good idea for education improvement , but it would appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .

S Because a majority of do n't have enough resources to pay for it .

C Because of schools n't have enough resources to pay for it .

S The whole picture conveys us the process of making bank notes .

C The whole picture shows the process of making bank notes .

S It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .

C It depends on main steps , include design preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction disposal depending whether the fourth step is good or bad .

S Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .

C Above all , the design is the most important should know , which involves color and artwork .

S Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinsts .

C Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize skilled machinists

S And the we need printing and inspection .

C And then need printing and inspection .

S Eventually , the most essential part comes out , we need significate the quality of the sheets .

C Eventually , the most essential part comes . We to quality of the sheets .

S If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well .

C If it 's good , they go to and distribution , the others should destroyed well .

S In conclusin , the whole part of process is an unreversed schedule .

C In conclusion the whole is an unreversed .

S It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .

C It cosumemed power which includes

S Nevertheless , in my opinion the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .

C Nevertheless , in my opinion , most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society

S To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .

C To begin with is design , we have consider , artwork , and security issues , and then are supposed to prepare , .

S Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .

C Secondly , printing -- including sheets of notes , are printed ( 50 notes per sheet ) . There some requirements colour on both sides , special ink , raised images

S The most important step is inspection that the printed sheets should manually inspected .

C The most important step is inspection . The sheets should be inspected .

S If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should separated into good and bad .

C If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should be into good and bad .

S In the end , if it is a good sheet , the porcedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .

C Finally if it is a good sheet , the procedure packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .

S If it is a bad sheet , the porcedure is disposal --bad sheetsand bank notes should be securely destroyed .

C If it is a bad sheet , the procedure disposal -- bad and notes should be securely destroyed .

S I do not know from where I can start .

C I do not know from where to .

S Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and the friendly environmental city around the world , Even cleanest than Paris or other cities in Europe .

C Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and most friendly in world , Even cleaner Paris or other cities in Europe .

S But the time is changes and things are changing with it .

C But and things change it .

S Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of - if not the most - the dirtiest city in the world .

C Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of the if not the most - cities the world .

S Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of holding it until they found a trash .

C Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of keeping until they find bin

S So , the ugly truth is my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards this .

C So , the ugly truth is , country is n't clean and people do nothing towards rectifying .

S In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .

C In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .

S There are lots of guns on the wall .

C There are lots of guns on the wall .

S In the right corner there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .

C In the right - hand , 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to to sell knives .

S It is a fact that on the one hand you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays but on the other hand we are unable to manage this situation correctly .

C It is a fact that , the one hand , have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays , on the other hand , are unable to manage this situation correctly .

S It is true that there are an increase on violence in the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns are a better world .

C It is true that there is increase in compared with past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns is better world .

S It was late Summer in Africa .

C It was late Summer in Africa .

S Max and his family had been in their holidays for two weeks now , this year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .

C Max and his family had been on holidays for two weeks now . This they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .

S Unfortunately Max was not as excited as his family , he had never been really into animals .

C Unfortunately , was not as excited as his family ; had never really been animals .

S He only enjoyed staying at the hotel to watch television .

C He only enjoyed staying at the hotel watching .

S " Max , wake up ! " his mom said .

C " Max , wake up ! " his mom said .

S Once he did , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .

C Once he had woken up he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .

S Today for some reason he got this feeling that something interesting will happend .

C Today , some reason , had feeling that something interesting was going to .

S He walked and walked thinking what could it be , until after a long time walking he realised he did not know where he was .

C He walked and walked , about could it be , until , a long time walking , realised he did not know where he was .

S Suddenly , he heard something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .

C Suddenly , he heard something . Was an animal ? , he thought

S And then he realised it was an enourmous , lion .

C And then he realised it was an enormous

S Max freeze he did not know what to do .

C Max froze He not know what to do .

S The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he layed on the floor and looked at the boy .

C The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he lay the floor and looked at the boy .

S Max for some reason stroked him and the lion smiled .

C Max , some reason , him and the lion smiled .

S But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum."Max where are you ? " she screamed , the lion dissapear in one second , running .

C But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum . " Max are you ? " she screamed . The disappeared one second , running .

S So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "

C So Max walked up to , and said " Here , do n't worry . 's into the hotel . "

S Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "

C Max spent rest of the day thinking about lion until he went his room . " What amazing ! " ,

S Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .

C Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .

S Dear teacher :

C Dear teacher ,

S I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .

C I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .

S I come from Taoyuan Bade .

C I come from Taoyuan Bade .

S I like riding my bicycle in the streets .

C I like riding my bicycle in the streets .

S I am studying in Yung Feng high school .

C I am studying at Feng high school .

S Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions in school .

C Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions at .

S Presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .

C The presidential will begin in Taiwan next year .

S I look forward to result released .

C I look forward to the being .

S All the time , we are learning more for our various wishes .

C All the time , we are learning more for our various goals

S My goal is an admission of National University .

C My goal is to University .

S Best regards ,

C Best regards ,

S your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .

C your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .

S continue the study

C Continue

S Any one in the world has future Goal .

C Everyone the world has a

S My ultimate aim is to continue my study .

C My ultimate aim is to continue my studies

S unfourtunitly my previous study was in Arabic .

C Unfortunately , previous studies Arabic .

S this matter prevent me from achieving my Goal .

C This achieving my goal

S the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .

C The difficult in English I have trouble with .

S I have no issue in reading speaking or lesining .

C I have no problems , or listening

S As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .

C As part of my plan to improve my skills I decided search on the internet for any free program which could me with plan to improve .

S I found your web site and this my first try .

C I found your website this is first try .

S .

C .

S there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .

C there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .

S For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps

C For example , new computers are in size than the old computers , they are also and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and stuff apps .

S Trieste is a little town situated in the nord - east of Italy .

C Trieste is a little town situated in the north east of Italy .

S We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .

C We have diversified in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .

S For example in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .

C For example , our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .

S In the last year some political men have decided to put in order our city , so for example they put again to place the roads .

C In the last year , politicians decided to put our city in order So example , put again to place the roads

S In the middle of the principal street , that is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .

C In the middle of the main , which next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .

S So the ambiental impact is very attractive .

C So the environmental is very attractive .

S We have still many problems to solve in our city .

C We still have problems to solve in our city .

S There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .

C There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we do n't have harvest of the dampness is present in many other towns in .

S Another problem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pay attention at the ambiental problems of their city .

C Another problem is that the citizens Trieste do n't pay attention to environmental of their city .

S For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .

C For example , when a man or a woman has finished she throws the earth instead of the right box .

S In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .

C In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'd fine pay .

S I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .

C I think it that , not only in the family , but also in , new generation the problems of the earth .

S In this way we can have the possibility to change .

C In this way , would the possibility to change .

S Hi .

C Hi .

S Today a lot of people do sports , but all sports are not amused .

C Today a lot of people do sports , but not all sports are

S It 's great for me write about the sport and health .

C It 's great for me to about health .

S When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .

C When I was a , used to football with my friends

S I sometimes played at break of school in the morning .

C I sometimes played in break the morning .

S This sport was very happier for me but a day I broke my leg and then I never played more of football .

C This sport was very happier me , one I broke my leg and then I never played football again

S I have to do jogging a few years ago .

C I had go a few years ago .

S I have often finished very tired because I never do sport .

C I finished up tired because I never did .

S Because in occasions It 's very bored .

C Because on it very boring

S Although I do jogging I also do other sport the swimming .

C Although I go , also do another ,

S I began practise this sport three years ago when I lost my work .

C I began doing sport three years ago when I lost my job

S I usually go two days a veek but the henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to be a local competition .

C I usually go two days a week I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter local competition .

S I go swimming a public pool .

C I go swimming at public pool .

S The public pool is near my house .

C The public pool is near my house .

S On the one hand This sport is good for my health I stay fit .

C On the one hand , is good for my health . keep .

S On the other hand I have met a lot of people , they are very friendly .

C On the other hand , have met a lot of people , and are very friendly .

S And finally only I tell you that you should do some sport It is good for us life .

C And finally , will only you that you should do some sport . is good for us

S See you .

C See you .

S Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .

C Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .

S At this moment he had woke up .

C At this moment he up .

S He noticed that he is trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .

C He noticed that he was " it was just a dream " - he thought .

S He had another week to find a birthday present .

C He had another week to find a birthday present .

S His uncle 's birthday hounding him because he does n't know what he should buy for him .

C His uncle 's birthday was him because he did know what he should buy for him .

S He already had enquired about this all the family , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .

C He had already the family about this nobody had n't what be good enough .

S Then he found that he just will go to the fishing shop and request for help shop assistant .

C Then he decided he would just to the fishing shop and ask shop assistant for help

S As he thought as he done .

C As he thought as he done .

S It was great idea !

C It was a idea !

S The man was professional , and gave him accurate pieces of advice .

C The man was professional gave him useful of advice .

S He had bought the best of all presents .

C He the best of all presents .

S Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of me .

C Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of him

S Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .

C Off the top of his head , his nephew to go with him

S Jerry said that he would be privileged .

C Jerry said that he would be honoured

S It emerged that that young boy have a good head for fishing and now they are always go to the fisihng together .

C It turned out that young boy had good head for fishing and now they go .

S I do n't have a favorite sport .

C I do n't have a favorite sport .

S I practise a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all over them .

C I do lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all about .

S I like running , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .

C I like running , riding bike , playing , skiing in , climbing , etc .

S What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .

C What I like about going to mountains enjoying landscape .

S What I like to go bike is doing routes and very long paths .

C What I like about doing routes and very long paths .

S I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .

C I like football because it is a sport that I have I was and I think that it the most fun and exciting team sport

S I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .

C I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did when I was . like high and lower living high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .

S I like to climb but it is a sport that I just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .

C I like climbing , it is a sport that I have started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .

S The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .

C The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .

S Amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time with encreasing amount of humans .

C The amount garbage is increasing the same time as the of humans is increasing

S The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to encreasing consumption more energy , water and other sources .

C The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing of , water and other resources

S Pollution of the ecosystems is groving to in these countries as a result .

C Pollution of the ecosystems is increasing in these countries too , a result .

S This problems are topical in our city Kyiv to .

C These are topical our city , ,

S Nowadays our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .

C Nowadays , local government making some decisions situation .

S It is going to build several modern combustion plants , some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementnig .

C It is going to build several modern combustion plants , and programmes for discrete collection are being implemented

S There are a lot of citizens movement except oficial activities .

C There are a lot of citizens movement except .

S People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .

C People organise action cleaning areas near houses

S Some activists plant out trees in spring .

C Some activists plant in spring .

S These activities especially have a place in spring and in outumn .

C These activities take place especially spring and in autumn

S I hope that most of the big enterprises , plants and stations will be taken out of the city border .

C I hope that most of the big businesses plants and stations will be taken outside the city boundaries

S this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .

C These , so crowded We a lot of cars in the streets .

S there are a lot of accidents because many people driving so fast .

C There a lot of accidents because many people drive fast .

S we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .

C We put a lot of in the street to know how are caused

S if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .

C if everybody there is punishment for what they do and nobody escape from what he did , guess we would fewer

S Everyone is circious about making bank notes .

C Everyone is curious making bank notes .

S Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .

C Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .

S The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .

C The bank notes are carefully Workers to design their artwork .

S What"s more , the notes will also be printed onb security issues .

C What 's , the notes will also be printed with features

S Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .

C Then , the notes will be prepared on plates . After , printing . The will be printed colour on both sides with special ink and they have raised images

S A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .

C A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely

S Good part of them will be packaged and disturbed .workers wll cut them and deal with them carefully .

C Good ones be packaged and distributed . workers them and deal with them carefully .

S Rest of them will be disposaled .

C The rest them will be disposed

S Dear Jo ,

C Dear Jo ,

S I think that Cádiz is perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountais .

C I think that Cádiz is the place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountains

S The people is very kind and funny , and is a very cheap city .

C The people are kind and funny , and it a very cheap city .

S In Cádiz , in summer there are a lot of oportunitis to work .

C In Cádiz , in summer , are a lot of opportunities work .

S Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy a lot of if worked here .

C Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy it lot you here .

S Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .

C Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .

S Almost , you are a great athlete so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .

C Also you are a great athlete , teach surfing , football or other sports .

S on the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so , you could find a job with waiter .

C On other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so could find a job as a .

S I hope I helped you .

C I hope I helped you .

S Since I was seven years old that I am on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .

C Since I was seven years old have been my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .

S I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical - well being it is also a really good hobby .

C I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical well - being , is also a really good hobby .

S Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .

C Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .

S You also get to meet a lot of people in tournaments or even in normal games .

C You also get to meet a lot of people at or even at games .

S I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .

C I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .

S Dear Mr. Yoyada

C Dear Mr. Yoyada

S I am writing this letter for a complaint about the CPU that I bought last week .

C I am writing this letter to CPU that I bought last week .

S I order 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 but until now I do n't have my order in my hand .

C I ordered NVIDIA GTX 1080 , I still n't have my order in my hand .

S I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 march 2017 .

C I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 March .

S If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .

C If by March my order has come yet , will cancel my order and I want a refund of money .

S I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your costumer .

C I think you should be more on time you will get a bad rating from your customers

S Thanks for all and I want my money back if I not yet get my cpu .

C Thanks for everything I want my money back if I do my cpu .

S I hope I will get me order and I hope you eill be more on time for the costumer order shipping .

C I hope I will get my and I hope you will more on time customer shipping .

S Thank you

C Thank you

S your Sincerely

C yours

S Nowadays , people are getting more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show the other this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .

C Nowadays , people are becoming independent , and more than this problem society now needs to show others independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials

S On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to move yourself for where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus station and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .

C On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to get you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus stop becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .

S Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , as also as you can avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line you want to arrive at work in time .

C Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , and can avoid the crowds people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if want to arrive at work on .

S On the other hand , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .

C On the other hand , public transport is only resource some people have to get around and more than excellent for environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spending on petrol , since 's cheaper if you catch a bus .

S Another disadvantage is that using the car can be useless in some situation , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .

C Another disadvantage is that using the car can be problematic some situations like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .

S In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transports be forgot , once more than providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .

C In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transport forgotten since well as the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .

S I think you must go to a large school in the town because here you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can do in the countryside .

C I think you should to a large school in a because there can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can not in the countryside .

S I really want to go to a big school in the town because here in the countryside I can go out with my friends or go shopping with them .

C I really want to go to a big school in a , here in the countryside , can not out with my friends or go shopping with them .

S I the town you can do everything fun .

C In you can do everything fun .

S You can go to the shopping , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .

C You can go to the shopping mall to the halfpipes to the skate parks you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , in the countryside you ca n't

S But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?

C But you should to the school that you want . That just my advice ,

S I really want that you be happy with your new life .

C I really want to happy with your new life .

S A big kiss and a big hug

C A big kiss and a big hug

S Anna

C Anna

S I think that the family and friends are the most important in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .

C I think that and friends are the most important people our lives because if you have some problems they are always there they try to help you .

S These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .

C These people can influence lives . , if you have friends you become a bad person and you will have problems your life . So your education depends on the people around you .

S It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worst , depend on you choose the best thing that it can help you .

C It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worse it you to the best thing that help you .

S As we know , in our days everything is possible .

C As we know , , is possible .

S We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .

C We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .

S Even the way of studying has changed .

C Even the way of studying has changed .

S In general , people have the possobility to study in libraries or using the computers .

C In general , people have the possibility study in libraries or using .

S Studying in libraries asks a lot of quiet and patience .

C Studying in libraries requires lot of quiet and patience .

S There you must n't speak lauder and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .

C There you must n't speak loudly you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .

S Personally , I think studying on a computer it 's a better chooise .

C Personally , I think studying on a computer is better choice

S I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way by you can study what you want .

C I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way that can study what you want .

S Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .

C Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .

S In this way , you can maybe read aloud .

C In this way , you can , , aloud .

S If I were a student that usually studies in a library I would definitely try to study on a computer .

C If I were a student that usually studies in a library , would definitely try studying a computer .

S In this way I would n't waste a lot of time .

C In this way , would n't waste a lot of time .

S If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .

C If somebody says that there is no future for public transport , . Today are too many vehicles on streets .

S the roads are chock a block.everybody has a private car .

C The are chock a block . Everybody a private car .

S people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .

C People about a life instead of the and saving money

S Hi , Shannon :

C Hi , Shannon :

S About my town in the future .

C About my town in the future .

S It will be very different .

C It will be very different .

S Meanly , the change in the environment .

C Mainly the environment will change

S Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution in our planet .

C Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution on planet .

S For this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .

C Because of , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .

S Therefore , the animals do not survive with this climate .

C Therefore , the animals will survive in climate .

S Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .

C Also , the humans wo n't be able to into street day , only for few hours , of hot climate .

S The live there will be harmful for everybody !

C Living will be harmful for everybody !

S We need to do something to sabe the world !

C We need to do something to save world !

S What do you think about this ?

C What do you think about this ?

S Take care ,

C Take care ,

S Conchi .

C Conchi .

S The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .

C The members of my family certainly real best friends , who trust and ask anything shame regrets .

S I think they are our first friends and our first confidents .

C I think they are our first friends and our first confidants

S All days they prove they are the persons whose care about me .

C Every day prove they are the people about me .

S Thionk about family 's routine .

C Think a 's routine .

S Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things not too important .

C Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things that are too important .

S They listen to you , discuss our problems .

C They listen to you , discuss your .

S Sorry for taking too long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy is this period for a sales man .

C Sorry for taking so to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy this period is a salesman

S Yes , you can share my contacts .

C Yes , you can share my contacts .

S I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me on my career .

C I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me in career .

S Talking about the world cup a little .

C Talking about the World little .

S Watching to our national teams games , I got the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .

C Watching national team 's , I came conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .

S Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .

C The and Netherlands were a real test of health .

S What do you think ?

C What do you think ?

S I appreciate your support .

C I appreciate your support .

S Kind Regards .

C Kind Regards .

S According to the reality a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .

C According to the reality , lot of young people are n't very communicated their life .

S They think their life is so boring and also very mad .

C They think their life is so boring and also very mad .

S But I think different .

C But I think different .

S For example in your childhood you are much more happiest than your Parents because their job is not very easy .

C For example , your childhood you are much happier your parents their job is not very easy .

S They have to look after their children and it 's very stressed I think .

C They have to look after their children and it 's very stressful , think .

S Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .

C Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .

S Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music for example classic music .

C Firstly , young people usually calm down through example classical .

S But most of young society are not interested this type of music .

C But most people not interested in type of music .

S for instance they prefer Pop or also rock music .

C For , prefer pop music .

S Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .

C Through to can express emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .

S Secondly , they like watching series in a TV .

C Secondly , they like watching series on

S That make their happy and additionally make loud .

C That makes and additionally makes

S Usually the watch criminal series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .

C Usually , crime because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .

S Teenagers have different styles .

C Teenagers have different styles .

S A lot of young mans love wearing jeans and t - shirt .

C A lot of young men wearing jeans and a shirt .

S Because it 's very comfortable .

C Because it 's very comfortable .

S But girls love wearing skirt and snug shirt .

C But girls love wearing skirts snug shirt

S I think the style is very important in our life .

C I think is very important in our lives

S Across style we can express our emotions and feelings .

C Through , can express our emotions and feelings .

S In conclusion life of young people is not very easy .

C In conclusion , the of young people is not very easy .

S We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .

C We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .

S hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .

C Hi name is Adrian . 17 years old and I a . I was born to a footballer .

S We were playing everyday football in the school and I was the best .

C We played every day and I was the best .

S I was even better than the older children everyone was telling me too go to a team .

C I was even better than the older children . Everyone to to a team ,

S but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .

C but I n't anything . A took me I 11 years old .

S The name of the team was Katsa .

C The name of the team was Katsa .

S i was at this team for 5 years and the made me even better in football .

C I in team for 5 years and that me even better at .

S I played my first match at 16 years old and i felled very special because i was 16 and i was capable of putting 3 goals .

C I played my first match at 16 years old and I special because I 16 and I capable of scoring goals .

S I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .

C I played so well everyone congratulated me 's all . One the best teams world wanted to me on

S I was very happy and of course i agreed .

C I was very happy and , course , .

S For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .

C agree with that .

S Already , for only 20 years a lot of thing because of the technology .

C Already , in 20 years , lot of things have changed of the technology .

S And I think that iy 's not a technology will change but the people and their caracteres themselves .

C And I think that it not that change , the people and their characters

S Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .

C Unfortunately for this generation , wo n't be relationships all relationships become relationships

S The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot can help at home .

C The good news is the who can take advantage of can save lot of time because they might have a sophisticated that help at home .

S According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like internet , phone , satellite .

C According to experience , if we do n't exaggerate way we use technology the , phone , satellite .

S It will be the good thing that we can spend our time for a good thing

C It will be a thing that we can spend our time on good thing .

S In some people 's lives the most important is to wear fashionable clothes .

C In some people 's lives , most important thing to wear fashionable clothes .

S On the one hand , I think it is important tolook good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choiceto feel happy and comfortable .

C On the one hand , I think it is important to look , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choice to happy and comfortable .

S For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .

C For example , now - heeled are trendy but they lot and women look good in them

S On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress , it is a fact .

C On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative an expensive dress . It a fact .

S Butif somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just in those clothes feels good .

C But if wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just feels good in those clothes

S In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has his own life and a choice to decide what she wants .

C In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has her life and the to decide what she wants .

S Transportation is one of the most essential part of our day to day life ; whether it is puplic or private , transport takes the same priority in each one 's life from the very early days .

C Transportation is one of the most essential parts our day to day life ; whether it is public private , transport takes the same priority in each person life from the very early days .

S Basically , we 've land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .

C Basically , we have , water and air transport for reliable purpose

S In the age before the industrialisation came in to exsitance , people were also using various alternatives to travel from one place to another .

C In the age before came into people also used alternatives to travel from one place to another .

S They mostly depend on animal to make cart to ride on them .

C They mostly depended animals pull and ride on them .

S Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convinient .

C Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convenient

S The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .

C The developed version of all those engines is vehicles on , water and air which make our lives

S But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concern of the earth .

C But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concerns the earth .

S And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it glances no future for public transport .

C And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it seems there is future for public transport .

S It is inevitably true that , excessive use of public transport leads to higher level of pollution .

C It is inevitably true that use of public transport leads to higher levels pollution .

S So , it would better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future purpose to make this world a better place .

C So , it would be to go for any other alternative of green technology for future use make this world a better place .

S Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .

C Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In morning I went to a Galician basketball training session a Spanish selection coach When I with parents to a hotel to eat and spend time some friends . After food . we up friends my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on roller , it was very exciting , we ate a chocolate ice cream . It delicious . the evening , went to a Spanish basketball league game Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , that match beat team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .

S This is my wonderful day .

C This is my wonderful day .

S when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy

C When find myself London , I 'll , which is in the City Westminster I 'll visit art gallery and tourist attractions the British monarchy .

S continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park

C Continuing visit to , I will visit largest park London , , full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the the .

S follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures

C follow in London 'll go for a walk to get , the most beautiful building all its splendour , will take pictures .

S later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it

C Later I 'll take the London Underground , a public fast transit system . 'll .

S when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm

C When underground at station , will , I will enjoy an evening of football . The starts 8:00pm .

S My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .

C My favorite band is " cbjr " ; Brazilian . The of music is rock and rap . is easy to single

S I really like , in the moments when I am listernning turn up the radio , but the singles are died .

C I really like , in the moments when I am listening , to up the radio , but the singles dead

S Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system at schools .

C Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system schools .

S In another way of saying , this kind of education system should be included in the whole classes in all schools .

C In another words this kind of education system should be included in all in all schools .

S However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of education level in the schools .

C However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest sex differences in , but it is also to the quality of education .

S Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .

C Education plays crucial role and its and by improving the standard the , students can learn more effectively throughout entire educational and their career , also their skills will be improved by this process .

S Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not take enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .

C Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not get education from their schools whereas some poor countries .

S Their systems are no longer that good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .

C Their systems are no longer enough and students will not make a good career for their future .

S On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .

C On the other hand , by building a effective learning system which will be by local authorities students will be to more efficiently

S Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the class , quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until the good quality has been set up in the system .

C Lack of teaching methods poor audience the class , insufficient of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced quality has been set up in the system .

S Besides , by putting these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards career and their job .

C Besides , by employing kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards their their jobs

S Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .

C Hopefully , they will only earn more money in their entire life , also , will have a developed any other developed countries

S It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not only solution to get best result .

C It is true that coeducation can motivate work with other sex , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not the solution to get the result .

S Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect on education system .

C Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect the system .

S In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .

C In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned points , as the of the not only interests mixed but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were .

S It is personally concluded that this kinds of developments will be put into the action for all schools shortly .

C It is that these of developments will be put into for all schools shortly .

S I like my family and my friends .

C I like my family and my friends .

S For that , is a pleasure speak about them !

C Because of , it a pleasure to about them !

S I am starting to introduce my favorite family members .

C I will favorite family members .

S My sister is older than me two years .

C My sister is two years older than me

S She has an important person to me since my 8 years .

C She has been important person to me since I was 8

S Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and when she was 10 .

C Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and was 10 .

S Since this time , we stayed very linked until now .

C Since that , we have close now .

S We have a good relation , she is my main friend .

C We have a good relationship she is my best .

S She knows all about me .

C She knows all about me .

S My father is other person important to me .

C My father is another person me .

S I appreciate his a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .

C I appreciate him lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .

S He invested in our education and today he has much admiration on our life and our decisions .

C He invested in our education and today he has a lot of for lives our decisions .

S When I became , first teenager and after an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a good friends .

C When I became , first a and later adult , I got to know majority of my friends , friends .

S We keep a regular contact , we go out to dinner or take a coffee many times .

C We keep in contact , we go out to dinner or have coffee frequently

S More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .

C More recently , I can not forgot husband and my daughter .

S Both are very important in my emotional stability .

C Both are very important to emotional stability .

S In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !

C In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !

S Hello Stefan !

C Hello Stefan !

S How are you ? Hope everything 's fine ,

C How are you ? Hope everything 's fine .

S all here is great .

C Everything is great .

S It 's been so long since we last talk ... and I have some great news !

C It 's been so long since we last talked and I have some great news !

S Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm going to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you some time !

C Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm coming the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you for time !

S It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I would n't like to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?

C It 'll be the second time I 've UK , and I do n't want do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?

S Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain , all my friends and I are having a party and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to come .

C Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain . All friends and I are having a party and it would fantastic if you were able to come .

S Hope to see you soon

C Hope to see you soon

S Love ,

C Love ,

S Rosa

C Rosa

S Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .

C Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public causes many problems in our environment , as the nearest destination , , and

S We must think alternative solutions for this problem .

C We must think of solutions to problem .

S We face difficulty in reaching in our own destination .

C We face difficulty own destination .

S Many people who go to their work late .

C Many people their work late .

S Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .

C Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .

S Using the public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .

C Using transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .

S With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time , and more efforts .

C With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time and have to make efforts .

S Buses run with petrol that causes pollution .

C Buses run on that causes pollution .

S Nowadays , there are some vehicles run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .

C Nowadays , there are some vehicles that on . We decrease pollution by using electricity .

S Hence this will help people to be in a good health .

C Hence , will help people to be in a good health .

S In addition , crowded buses cause affection among people .

C In addition , crowded buses cause infections people .

S private cars reduce the affection .

C private cars reduce

S Crowded buses spread epidemic in our society .

C Crowded buses spread epidemics our society .

S Finally , we hope a healthy future for our new generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live in safe life without diseases and pollution .

C Finally , we hope for healthy future for our future . We want to reach our destination on time and live a life without diseases and pollution .

S my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .

C My sport is volleyball . I been playing since 2006 . My is number 2 . I it in the of engineering ? . It me fit and tall

S i like it very much .

C I it very much .

S i used to play it with my frindes .

C I it with my friends

S when i enter the egyptian armed forces , i played for the air defense forces team .

C when I Egyptian forces , I for the air defense forces team .

S we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .

C We place the cup . If intends play this game , he should practise to be able to play it professionally

S Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .

C Further to the trade fair , I of and we were talking about your ,

S I am looking for an organizational development course .

C I am looking for an organizational development course .

S Could I have contact with any of your customer for more information ?

C Could you with any of your customers more information ?

S I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .

C I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .

S I am looking forward confirmation .

C I am looking forward to

S My favourite sport :

C My favourite sport :

S When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .

C When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught what football was and I loved it , , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why I liked since my ?

S I think football shows you a lot of feelings and experiences .

C I think football gives a lot of feelings and experiences .

S I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .

C I enjoy football because it is a way forget problems and enjoy yourself bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about stuff , you only on game .

S Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best teams and is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .

C Football is a sport where anything can happen . best teams do n't always win it unpredictable . There n't a dream team .

S The football is a good form to do exercise because it is interesting and funny .

C Football a good way do exercise because it is interesting and fun

S And if you do n't like do sport you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .

C And if you do n't like doing , can watch the matches of the teams around the world .

S The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want in only one communication device .

C The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want with one communication device .

S Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .

C Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .

S Not only children have one , grandparents have either .

C Not only do have one , grandparents have one

S But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated , we are living in our own world .

C But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated ; are living in our own world .

S You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .

C You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like someone , text , take photos listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable we can do .

S But now , children want to have one as soon as possible , they do n't play hide and seek and play sports like before .

C But now , children want to have one as soon as possible . They n't play hide and seek and do like before .

S And one consequence of this is they have health problems .

C And one consequence of this is that have health problems .

S Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal life , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .

C Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal details he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .

S And people are getting isolated , once I saw a mother using your mobile instead of taking care of her baby !

C And people are becoming . Once saw a mother using her instead of taking care of her baby !

S This is so sad !

C This is so sad !

S In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .

C In the future , we probably able do everything using a , but we must attention to this affects our lives

S The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 )

C The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .

S overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .

C Overall in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was for , followed by food / clothes .

S There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .

C There was significant rise in the amount budget allocated categories ( housing food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .

S In contrast , Vacation / leisure and Misc were decrease over the same period of time .

C In contrast , vacation leisure and misc the same period of time .

S Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .

C Regarding the pie charts , there was a the amount earnings allocated food / clothes , about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , .

S However , the allocation of household budget for Misc , which was the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% respectively .

C However , the allocation of household budget for misc which was the lowest with categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5%

S Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in Vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010

C Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in vacations leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .

S Actually , the public transport show really no future .

C These days transport shows .

S The governments did n't had been giving good ideas to improve the public transport .

C Governments giving good ideas to improve transport .

S There are two good reasons for doing not use public transport in the future .

C There are two good reasons for using transport in the future .

S Firstly , the no continue the construction of more rail line of train to public transport is a one reason .

C Firstly , the failure to construct railway .

S Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .

C Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .

S Consequently , people prefer move in your own car .

C Consequently , people prefer to their car .

S On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that can change the actual situation .

C On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that could the current .

S The first is , The government can create a new plan os construction of trains .

C The first is , the could a new plan of for .

S The second aspect is , people can help to pay more tax to buy new buses .

C The second aspect is , people could by tax to buy new buses .

S As a result , we can have a public transport more comfortable .

C As a result , we could comfortable public transport

S In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .

C In my opinion , transport could a if we all improve it

S Unless we do so , I believe no future for the public transport .

C Unless we do so , I believe there is future for transport .

S There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of study foreign language in earlier age outweigh the drawbacks .

C There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of studying languages an outweigh the drawbacks .

S Some people would suggest that learning new language before second school discourage their usual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .

C Some people would suggest that learning new languages secondary discourages ' learning and that their understanding of other subjects would suffer

S However , I personally believe that the advantages is overweight .

C However , I personally believe that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages

S The reasons for this as follows .

C The reasons for this are follows .

S Learn how to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contend the children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .

C Learn how to walk before learning to run . The contend that confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .

S Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .

C Confronting . Primary struggle difference between first language and the one they are learning

S Thus , people view that children learn foreign language at primary school are worse than later .

C Thus , people believe children learning languages primary school are worse than children who learn one .

S Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign at primary school brings countless benefits to children .

C Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign languages primary school brings countless benefits for .

S Primary school , the best moment for learning , children are easier and faster to gain knowledge .

C Primary school is best time learning . Children knowledge more easily and faster

S Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .

C Not only is there study burden compared school , but they are able to communicate foreigners as well as extend their social during this and in .

S Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .

C Rather than being concerned the challenges , children would deal them It particularly advantageous them to grasp foreign languages school .

S By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .

C By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the of learning foreign languages primary school far drawbacks .

S Given that these children would have a better development in the future as well as more free time .

C Given that those would have development in the future , well as more free time .

S it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .

C It a story of a boy always found to tease his Sukh

S one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .

C One he had a with his . even her cry . Both them stopped to each other and , some days , boy needed sister Sukh 's laptop

S sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .

C Sukh so angry with him because he hurt a lot . give him laptop and her brother started with her again he even his .

S sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .

C Sukh and she said she was going to give him until he .

S her brother pick her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop , then boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Her picked up laptop and threw it and broke her laptop . Then the closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S In my opinion people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .

C In my opinion , 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .

S People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .

C People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .

S What is more , they do not the same things as their parents did .

C What is more , they do not do same things as their parents did .

S To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .

C To sum up , think is inevitable

S The door of the room is closed .

C The door of the room was .

S Number 's room was 666 .

C The 's number 666 .

S He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation in relation with the life of Rose .

C He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation about of Rose .

S He pushed the door and come in .

C He pushed the door and went .

S She was sitting on the chair .

C She was sitting on the chair .

S When she saw him , she smiled .

C When she saw him , she smiled .

S Then she started talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit down " .

C Then she started talking : " Welcome , boy , I have been for you . Please down " .

S He took a chair , staring her with rage . "

C He took a chair , staring at with rage . "

S As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .

C As you well know , Rose life is in hands " she said , kept : " You are the only one can save her life , but before , must keep promise " . " I replied with a sad tone .

S Then she took the document and stared reading in aloud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .

C Then she took the document and started in a loud : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .

S Micheal did not know what think .

C Micheal did not know what to .

S He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .

C He loved Rose his entire soul , a soul that he

S Suddely , he took the agreement and signed with his blood the paper .

C Suddenly he took the agreement and signed the piece of paper with his blood

S I do not care he thought , maybe I lost my soul but now she is alive .

C I do not care he thought . Maybe lost my soul , now she is alive .

S After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S on the last vacation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .

C On vacation , went to France , to Paris , my classmate for 2 weeks .

S On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .

C On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .

S Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes where we could not reach ,

C Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , could not find

S and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody wo nt tell us which way to walk to the stadium .

C and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody would us which way to walk to the stadium .

S By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .

C By accident , ran into a good fairy who , when she was the the world and thus led us to stadium .

S We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .

C We made friends with this fairy . After day walking with her , it had known other a lifetime .

S After the first week in France found that in Paris there is a large crowd .

C After the first week in France , we that in Paris there were lot of people

S For this reason , we left with a new friend to Marseilles , where there was less traffic .

C For this reason , we left with our friend for , where there was less traffic .

S We chose this city because of no input into the sea and it was filmed taxi in which he played a famous actor .

C We chose this city because of no input into the sea it was filmed taxi which he played a famous actor .

S After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and fairy to do .

C After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and the did too

S End .

C End .

S Dear José ,

C Dear José ,

S How are things ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back Linares two days ago .

C How are things ? I have finished my exams I came back to two days ago .

S When do you return ?

C When do you return ?

S I took bad diet . You might come with me !

C I took bad diet . might come with me !

S The exam had made that I do n't practise much sport .

C The exams I did do sport .

S For me , the sport is very important .

C For me , is very important .

S I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .

C I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned in .

S I did n't have time free .

C I did n't have free time

S Do you practise sport this year ?

C Do you do year ?

S How are eating ?

C What you ?

S Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .

C Today I will speak with my . I will less and I go to places for mysheft

S I will buy a bicycle .

C I will buy a bicycle .

S I play bike in the weekend .

C I cycle weekend .

S My mum says that I do n't eat fruits or vegetables never so I will eat more fruits or vegetables .

C My mum says that I do n't eat fruits and I will eat more fruits and .

S In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bored .

C In my opinion , the Diet of Gym very boring

S Do you know new recet for cooking chicken ?

C Do you know a recipe cooking chicken ?

S Do you remember Peter ?

C Do you remember Peter ?

S He is very muscular now .

C He is very muscular now .

S He told me to play sports every day .

C He told me to play sports every day .

S One day will be like him .

C One day , be like him .

S We meet soon man .

C We will soon , .

S Take care !

C Take care !

S Fran .

C Fran .

S Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .

C Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .

S At first we went to our hotel .

C First went to our hotel .

S It is near to the Hyde Park .

C It was to Park .

S We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .

C We went to Park and sat a bench

S A hour later we went to the London Eye .

C An later , went to the London Eye .

S It is really very very big .

C It is really very very big .

S In the London Eye we can look all over London .

C From London Eye we could over London .

S It is a very big city .

C It is a very big city .

S Then we go to the Big Ben .

C Then we went Ben .

S The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .

C The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .

S Then we go to a red bus and drove to our hotel .

C Then we got red bus and went our hotel .

S London is a very exciting city .

C London is a very exciting city .

S Speaking about reading .

C Speaking about reading .

S Reading is one of the most important habits .

C Reading is one of the most important habits .

S Reading opens new horizons , made you imagine .

C Reading opens new horizons , makes imagine .

S One of the most favorite books for me is , the power of your subconscious mind .

C One of my favorite books Your .

S this book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .

C This tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .

S I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .

C I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .

S Reading is a must for having a great nation .

C Reading is a must for having a great nation .

S letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !

C Letter to report environmental in my city !

S Kiev , Ukraine .

C Kiev , Ukraine .

S we already did a lot , but still to do more needed .

C We already done lot , but we need to do more

S first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city

C First all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city

S people who litter on the streets its one of the biggest problems .

C People drop on the streets are of the biggest problems .

S So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .

C So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments littering ! Also should the number rubbish and facility staff members

S clients search , customers support , conflicts solutions

C Client , customer , conflict

S compilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets

C compilation wedding arrangements and bouquets

S People used to use public transport a lot .

C People used to use public transport a lot .

S Public transport is very inconvenient .

C Public transport is very inconvenient .

S Gas prices have come down a lot .

C Gas prices have come down a lot .

S People can afford cars easily .

C People can afford cars easily .

S Some people live very far from the bus stop .

C Some people live very far from the bus stop .

S They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .

C They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .

S Buses are very crowded .

C Buses are very crowded .

S Buses take a very long route .

C Buses take a very long route .

S It takes you very long time to get to your destination .

C It takes you a long time to get to your destination .

S If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .

C If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .

S Our town takes care of the enviremont of our neighbourhood very seriously .

C Our town takes care of the environment our neighbourhood very seriously .

S There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .

C There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .

S On these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .

C At sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .

S Like glass , plastic or paper -containers .

C Like glass , plastic or paper containers

S The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .

C The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .

S In the supermarket you can find a container for batteries .

C In the supermarket , can find a container for batteries .

S Not only the supermartket has these containers , they are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .

C Not only the supermarket these containers . They also in the schools of the neighbourhood .

S In my opinion this gives a good example of the involness of the local government .

C In my opinion , gives a good example of the involvement the local government .

S Another point where I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .

C Another point that 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .

S This happens weekly .

C This happens weekly .

S They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .

C They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .

S This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .

C This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .

S For the last I can say that they not also put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the the dogs their ' pooh ' .

C Finally , can say that they not only containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for dogs ' pooh ' .

S So this helps that the children could play in a much cleaner park .

C So this helps ensure the children can in a much cleaner park .

S Studying overseas is not only changing condition , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .

C Studying overseas means only changing conditions but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .

S Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .

C Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .

S First of all , the biggest problem is studying .

C First of all , the biggest problem is studying .

S It is not easy to adapt a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .

C It is not easy to adapt to new learning environment ; language is the biggest difficulty .

S Students have to do assignments with another language and use different thinking manner .

C Students have to do assignments in language and use a way of thinking

S The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .

C The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .

S The culture shock is that international students need to overcome .

C The culture shock is what students need to overcome .

S Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adapt .

C Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to notice adapt to

S Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .

C Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .

S Leaving comfort zone , and everything is fresh .

C They have left their zone , and everything is fresh .

S Students have to confront and get over every challenge .

C Students have to confront and get over every challenge .

S As family and friends do not accompany , students must do a lot from basic living to future studies .

C As family and friends do not accompany them students must do a lot , basic living to future studies .

S It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefore , making friends from the same country can assist one another .

C It is hard to live overseas alone . , making friends from the same country means that they help another .

S Besides , attempting open mind .

C Besides , attempting open mind

S To get along with international friends is a great way to expand horizon .

C Getting with international friends is a great way to expand your

S About me !

C About me !

S Hey , my name is Mathias .

C Hey , my name is Mathias .

S I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm , when I was four I moved to Danderyd .

C I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm . When was four , moved to Danderyd .

S I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .

C I have a big brother . He 14 and goes on Friberga well . His is Ulric and he 's 8f2 .

S My favorite activity is football , it 's very funny to play it with all my friends , I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .

C My favorite activity is football . It great play it with all my friends . also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .

S I also like to play video games I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .

C I also like to play video games . play with my friends . My games are , NHL , GTAV and some others

S I have lived in stockholm , and in two houses in Danderyd but no more places .

C I have lived in stockholm in two houses in Danderyd , no other .

S I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .

C I do n't know which is the best place have been to New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . an island next to Gotland I have been going since I was 0 years .

S We always rent a little cottages from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .

C We always rent a little cottage a sheep farmer and now we know his family .

S We always goes to the beach which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .

C We always go the beach , is very nice , when it 's sunny and warm it better than the Mediterranean .

S I do n't know what I 'm proud of but when I do a nice goal i gets proud because it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goal that maybe change the game .

C I do n't know what I 'm proud of , when I score nice goal , because it , when it 's an important goal that maybe will the game .

S I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber or take over a big company .

C I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber , take over a big company .

S It often hard to go up in the morning , I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .

C It is hard to get in the morning . always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .

S I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .

C I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .

S I do n't know if I can agree to that but I listened to them . :)

C I do n't know if I can agree with but I listened to them . :)

S I do n't know what I like people to know about me .

C I do n't know what I like people to know about me .

S That I have been dancing for two years but I stopped because I did n't had time .

C That I danced two years , I stopped because I did n't have .

S I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win champions league .

C I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win the

S I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .

C I do n't have a favourite movie . like many but the movies I like the most are action adventure

S I do n't read so much books .

C I do n't read .

S I like a lot of songs but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing to .

C I like a lot of songs , I think it 's Let 's Do It Again by Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft and it 's easy to sing too

S I also like Stolen Dance with Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .

C I also like Stolen Dance by Chance because it 's a soft .

S I do n't only like soft music I also like pop music and house music .

C I do n't only like soft , also like pop music and house music .

S I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons I also like to watch youtube videos every day .

C I like to watch South Park . It really funny and I have almost seen all seasons . also like to watch YouTube every day .

S I like a lot of food but the most meat food is good and pizza .

C I like a lot of food , the most meat food good and pizza .

S My favourite restaurant most have good meat and be really nice .

C My favourite restaurant must good meat and be really nice .

S My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .

C My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .

S To : Tourist Office

C To : Tourist Office

S From : ELiza Anna

C From : ELiza Anna

S Subject : Shopping facilities

C Subject : Shopping facilities

S Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice

C Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice

S Introduction

C Introduction

S The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops , which could be interesting for tourists .

C The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops could be interesting for tourists .

S The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three matters : sovenirs , fashion and food .

C The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three things souvenirs fashion and food .

S Souvenirs

C Souvenirs

S It seems that there is not many places in city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .

C It seems that there are many places in the center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .

S Fortunately , visitors would find all of that in the Tourist Information Ofiice and in shops on the outskirts .

C Fortunately , visitors will all of that in the Tourist Information Office in shops on the outskirts .

S The one , which is really worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .

C The one is really worth " Kato - Sovenirs " .

S They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets .

C They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets

S Fashion

C Fashion

S My favorite sport is football .

C My favorite sport is football .

S It 's the most popular sport all over the world .

C It 's the most popular sport in world .

S I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .

C I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .

S Watching football is also a wonderful experience .

C Watching football is also a wonderful experience .

S My favorite international league is the English premiere league .

C My favorite international league is the English premier .

S My advice to anyone who will start this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to loose fitness .

C My advice to anyone who is sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to lose .

S Also joining a team will be a great idea .

C Also , a team would a great idea .

S The environment is an important part of our life contributing in a positive way in our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .

C The environment is an important part of our life , in a positive way to part of life even concern important parts for us to survive .

S Humans can easily damage the environment just throw their waste without recycling or ruin the places where animals are living .

C Humans can easily damage the environment just by waste away recycling or ruining places where animals live

S Deforest the woods can damage the cycle of nature .

C Deforestation damage the cycle of nature .

S Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .

C Without forests n't be animals , the human race .

S Some people do n't even care and just the do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell to do furniture .

C Some people do n't even care and just n't earn money deforests trees and sell them make .

S They even are not plant other trees .

C They even do plant other trees .

S I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .

C I notice that , supermarkets , much plastic just to cover a small thing or use lot of bags without even thinking harmful to environment .

S I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .

C I a short time in a place where the " " completely unknown they used to do they so rich .

S Where I live now I noticed that have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .

C Where I live now , have that we the opportunity to recycle it is a posh area .

S In my opinion I think the government should take care of all area , even is a poor or rich area .

C In my opinion , should take care of all areas whether area is rich or poor

S The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .

C Pollution a negative effect environment . I on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban areas

S Birds from urban area is difficult for them to find a proper food instead .

C It is difficult for birds from urban areas find food

S Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .

C Some people from the where live the birds , others n't even care .

S To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .

C To keep all of , must contribute everyone of us future generations

S Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .

C Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .

S you can go by your car and at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .

C You go by any time , but you ca n't by public transport .

S you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .

C You n't have to for your car , you must wait for .

S you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .

C You not pay any fare travel in car .

S The aim today is to provide you with the description of a best friend .

C The aim today is to provide you with a of my friend .

S Kike is my best friend , I met him when we were studying in the primary school , then we were six or seven years old .

C Kike is my best friend . met him when we were studying in school , when were six or seven years old .

S Afterward , we went to do study at different schools , so , we were separated fro ten years .

C Afterward , we went to at different schools , so , we were separated for years .

S Moving on to the physical description , I want to talk about that Kike is a man really high , his height is 1,95 meters .

C Moving on to the physical description , I want to say Kike is a really tall man height is 1.95 .

S He has a strong voice . that with his appearance , looks him impressive .

C He has a strong voice , his appearance , makes him look .

S Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .

C Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .

S So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .

C So , he is - working He a and always helps with all my professional problems

S I want to turn to his hobbies , when he is n't working , he is riding on a bike ,

C I want to turn to his hobbies . When is n't working , he is riding bike ,

S every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .

C every evening , takes the bike and rides along paths for more than forty kilometers per , so he is a good cyclist it 's hard cycle him .

S To conclude I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .

C To conclude , want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .

S My wife is a very special person to me , I like her very mush .

C My wife is a very special person to me . like her very much

S I met her in University 20 years ago , She is 4 years younger than me .

C I met her at years ago . is 4 years younger than me .

S She is in her 30s .

C She is in her 30s .

S She is tall , Slim and straight .

C She is tall , slim straight

S In addition to that She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .

C In addition to that , a pretty face , dark skin , dark and long brown hair .

S She is very kind , sensitive and quiet She also has an attractive personality and a big heart but she is very nervous .

C She is very kind , sensitive and quiet . also has an attractive personality and a big heart , she is very nervous .

S She makes a great food to us , I like to cook with her and eat from her hand ;

C She makes food for . like to cook with her and eat from her hand .

S She always work hard for our family .

C She always works for our family .

S I like to go out with her , walking and talking .

C I like to go out with her , walking and talking .

S Young people are the most interested in fashion and computer games .

C Young people are interested in fashion and computer games .

S Girls usually follow the fashion blogger and the fashion magazine .

C Girls usually follow the fashion bloggers the fashion magazines

S Boys like following channel on youtube .

C Boys like following channels youtube .

S They like take pattern modeled on older people , who are popular on the Internet .

C They like to pattern modeled older people are popular on the Internet .

S Teenagers are interested in music too .

C Teenagers are interested in music too .

S They like exchange their opinions about new star .

C They like to about new stars

S People who are fan clubs interested in touring their idols .

C People who are in clubs are in touring with idols .

S In this age people like being better than their friends and they like distinguish oneself .

C At age , like being better than their friends and they like to themselves

S Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .

C Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .

S I am writing to apply for your job offer .

C I am writing to apply for the you

S I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy for children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .

C I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy with aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .

S I usually work in the kitchens so it does not bother me .

C I usually work in the kitchens , it does not bother me .

S Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .

C Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .

S Moreover , I do like looking after children .

C Moreover , I do like looking after children .

S For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .

C For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .

S I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have the driving license .

C I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have a license .

S Therefore I think that I am the suitable person for the job .

C Therefore , think that I am a person for the job .

S yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my family ..

C Last , I to a restaurant with my family .

S l love the place , nice decoration of restaurant .

C l love the place , and the decoration of the .

S the waiter come to us and took the order .

C The came the order .

S my family ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .

C My ordered , l specially ordered and Coke l love pizza .

S we ate the food and enjoyed a lot .

C We the food and enjoyed it lot .

S l love that day spent with my family ..

C l loved day spent with my family .

S l wish l have come at weekends with my family and friends .

C l hope can weekends with my family and friends .

S This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .

C This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .

S The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .

C The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .

S I am living in the center of Spain , in a small city .

C I live the center of Spain , in a small city .

S When I was child , my city was dirty because people were throwing their rubbish on the floor .

C When I was a , my city was dirty because people threw rubbish on the floor .

S However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .

C However , a few years ago , government has more attention to the environment of country . For , did lot of advertising television in newspapers and on the internet to explain that is not good for our world .

S Nowadays , we can see in all street a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people are cleaning the city .

C Nowadays , we can see in all the lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people clean city .

S Also , children must clean their school once a month .

C Also , children must clean their school once a month .

S These types of actions produce good habits in our society .

C These types of actions produce good habits in our society .

S In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to our sons .

C In the future , we must make effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or , it is possible , better world than before to our children

S No body can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .

C Nobody deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .

S No country can live without transportation as it 's the real meaning of connection between each other .

C No country can live without transportation as it 's the real means connection with other .

S Cars are much convenient but this not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .

C Cars are much more , this does mean that all other means of transportation are not important .

S sometimes many people want to travel faraway along distances so they need planes .

C Sometimes , people want to travel far away over , they need planes .

S other people prefer to travel by trains as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .

C Other prefer to travel by train it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .

S Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .

C Many people to travel by bike order to decrease the pollution which is caused car exhaust . From point of view , travelling by car , is more comfortable .

S Now in every country we have lot of transportation means as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .

C Now in every country we have a of means of transport , such planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .

S public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .

C Public is the main deliver everywhere in a short . In past , to use camels to travel , wasted a of time and caused .

S Today our life is running by clock .

C Today our life is running by clock

S We need a vehicle to reach our work place .

C We need a vehicle to reach our workplace

S If we use our public transport services .

C If we use transport services ,

S we may be late to office / working place .

C we may be late getting our / work .

S So we must use the personal vehicle .

C So we must use a .

S Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .

C Everybody thinks is not comfortable us , but environmentally , is good our energy sources are decreasing

S In Lublin is a beautiful castle .

C In Lublin there a beautiful castle .

S It is my favourite place in Lublin .

C It is my favourite place in Lublin .

S It is located next to the Old Town .

C It is located next to the Old Town .

S It was built in twelfth century .

C It was built in the century .

S The castle 's look is in the Neo - Gothic style .

C The castle 's architecture in the Neo - Gothic style .

S At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .

C In castle there the Trinity .

S It is in a Gothic style .

C It is in the style .

S It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .

C It was built as a foundation King Casimir the Great .

S This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .

C This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .

S There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .

C There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .

S This tower is a precious monument of roman art and it is one of the oldest building in the Lublin .

C This tower is a precious monument of Roman and it is one of the oldest buildings .

S It was a part of the borough castellan .

C It was a part of the borough of

S Castle also has a courtyard .

C The castle has a courtyard .

S Now on the castle is a museum .

C These days , castle there a museum .

S It to belong to the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .

C It one of oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .

S This museum has a monuments of the superiority .

C This museum has of the superiority

S In my opinion it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .

C In my opinion , 's of the most fascinating places Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .

S The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .

C The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .

S Woody Pool is in Spain .

C Woody Pool is in Spain .

S This restaurant has a good atmosphere because it is always people laughing and talking about funny things .

C This restaurant has a good atmosphere because there people laughing and talking about funny things .

S The food in this restaurant is very good and has a subnormal size because it is much bigger than the useful food .

C The food in this restaurant is very good and has a larger than normal because it is much bigger than the usual .

S The famous dishe of this restaurant is a huge hamburgure

C The famous dish this restaurant is a huge hamburger .

S This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because like I said before the atmosphere and food are amazing .

C This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet because , I said before , atmosphere and food are amazing .

S In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car maybe is convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .

C In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car may be but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .

S If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .

C If there were only cars in a city the city would n't have parking spaces roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to destinations .

S On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .

C On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses , emit and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to air pollution .

S So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improve the public transport .

C So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improving public transport .

S Public transport will have bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .

C Public transport will have a future ; in contrast travelling by car will vanish from our lives

S My favorite way is Train .

C My favorite way of travelling by

S Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .

C The plane faster travel .

S However , plane is most dangerous way to travel .

C However , the is the dangerous way to travel .

S Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .

C Boat is travel .

S However , boat is most slowest way to travel .

C However , boat is the to travel .

S So , train is intermidiate way to tarvel .

C So , train is an to travel

S My favourite sport is boxing .

C My favourite sport is boxing .

S Because I like boxing .

C Because I like boxing .

S I like fight , because I like to hit someone .

C I like fighting because I like to hit people

S I start this sport when I was 11 years old , my dad let me go to box and I start that sport .

C I started sport when I was 11 years old . My let me go boxing I started sport .

S Then I started to go with my friends .

C Then I started to go with my friends .

S I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .

C I started leading trener the competition and I love this sport .

S My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .

C My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .

S He is very good on this sport .

C He is very good at sport .

S Today , the people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .

C Today , use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .

S I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles

C I think is a better that public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .

S Firstly , people do not have to buy their own cars .

C First people do not have to buy their own cars .

S Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on gas that they have to fill the tank .

C Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on the that they have to fill the tank with

S Also , they do not have to find a place for parking as well .

C Also , they do not have to find a place to

S Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation

C Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form reduce air pollution by encouraging to use private cars less turn to using public transportation and other forms for transportation .

S It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .

C It was a cold when I was at home watching my favourite programme on , " Dare Win . was with my brother we decided to call . programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered , and there are for the winner .

S A few minutes later we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .

C A few minutes later , were listening to on programme . We so nervous , it was exciting for us . Our on programme was to a free ticket to most popular electronic party in the world .

S Despite our nervous we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !

C Despite our nerves did our dream came . Yeah we 'll be glowing in the dark !

S Funding for the English Language Club

C Funding for the English Language Club

S As the secretary of the English Language club I am writing you this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive funding from you .

C As the secretary of the English Language club , am writing proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students the college if we from you .

S Dear sir or madam ,

C Dear sir or madam ,

S I am writing to aplaay for the job in the USA , published in an advertisement , last Monday .

C I am writing to apply the job in the USA in an advertisement Monday .

S I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .

C I have finished my course in Cambridge , so have and improved .

S In order to help organising on sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .

C In order to help organise evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .

S Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .

C Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .

S Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities private cars are more attractive for most poeple .

C Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities , cars are more attractive for most people

S Dear Bob .

C Dear Bob .

S I went to our new shopping centre last week at the downtown .

C I went to our new shopping centre last week in downtown .

S Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .

C Actually , am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an

S Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever were our needs .

C Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever we needed

S However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .

C However , now on , can buy we really need . On other hand , shopping centre help a lot of people get back to again .

S A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .

C A few weeks ago I went into the and bought a new mobile phone . It awesome because it has reliable tools which allow to do daily work

S Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .

C Some people say that a trip car is more convenient than transport but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .

S It is true that travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .

C It is true that when a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , because of ease of having car to get wherever you want without spending money and time taking .

S But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .

C But for lot of reasons First If place you want to reach really far , different types vehicles of public transport get you there faster than your car . Also complications about the field , like you want to go from America to Europe , is no highway that crosses ocean . You an airplane and , you have one , you will not be able to between continents with your car . A reason politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , will not need to pass through Canada . a really important reason driving 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe a factor too because the wear and tear car be more than use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It be more than transport

S In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .

C In conclusion , for me , is a lie that transport no future . However they have to make improvements to this , the use of better types fuel or energy . One is using renewable of energy , as solar , haeolic wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also are biodiesel extracted from seaweed .

S And the public transportation will be more important in a few years than now .

C And transport be more important in a few years from .

S Dear Anne . Thank for your letter asking about my fmily and my Friends .

C Dear Anne , for your letter asking about my family my friends

S Saying that , my family is the best and they love me much .

C Saying that my family is the best and they love me very .

S I have a father , a mother and a brother .

C I have a father , a mother and a brother .

S My brother lives in Barcelona with him girlfriend and he is very happy with her .

C My brother lives in Barcelona with his and he is very happy with her .

S I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .

C I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .

S Also , I have very Friends .

C Also , I have a lot of

S They are wonderful because they are always when I need them .

C They are wonderful because they are always there I need them .

S Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .

C Nowadays , it possible to find any kind of TV want and , , I consider that there is a lot of on television , but too much .

S The way of life of people has began more and more stressful .

C People 's way of life become and more stressful .

S When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .

C When somebody only to in front of the

S Besides this , Tvs companies have understood sports provides this relaxess moment , mainly for men .

C Besides this , TV have understood sports provide relaxing , mainly for men .

S Then It put on Televison more and more sports programmes .

C So on more and more sports programmes on television

S In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .

C In this view , think of sports on television there not too many because have looke it .

S In conclusion , I think that Tvs companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relax moment with the sports programmes .

C In conclusion , I think that TV only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relaxing with the sports programmes .

S Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...

C Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...

S We left from our city on Monday , and we arrived Carlos Paz on Thursday .

C We left city on Monday , and we arrived in Paz on Thursday .

S We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .

C We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .

S When the day came , we performed an amazing coreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .

C When the day came , we performed an amazing choreography we went back home with 3 gold medals .

S We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and privileged dance teachers of the world .

C We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and prestigious teachers in world .

S The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy that has a huge followers in several countries .

C The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy , a huge following several countries .

S The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .

C The album , eleven tracks that reached , won and silver awards the best - selling in various , such the USA , Canada and the UK .

S This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .

C This American band is known for their lyrics that from other , close to an .

S Even in this albums that the band abandon their own root and add a bite of the pop genre in it .

C Even in this album , abandon their own roots add a bite of the pop genre to .

S I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .

C I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound , it grabs , almost like poetry .

S I agree with the statement that people 's live will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in following text .

C I agree with the statement that people 's lives change dramatically in the next years , for previsible that I will explain in the text .

S Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's live will extremely change in the future is because of technology .

C Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's lives dramatically in the future is because of technology .

S Technology is increasing in all the world .

C Technology is increasing throughout world .

S New technology has improve systems in many areas society , mainly in Information Systems .

C New technology has improve systems in many areas of , mainly in information

S The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .

C via Internet beem quickly each day it is reaching all parts of the world .

S Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .

C Furthermore , processes

S Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .

C People 's lives more .

S On industries , the big machines is making new products for our welfare .

C In machines are new products for our benefit

S Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .

C However the advancement of technology , besides for everyone , also disadvantages , such as unemployment , machines will do same work work better than humans .

S that 's why I agree that people 's live will change dramatically in the next 50 years .

C That why I agree that people 's lives change dramatically in the next 50 years .

S USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy of the summer camp .

C USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy at summer camp .

S I 'm cheerfully , diligently and organized person .

C I 'm a diligent organized person .

S And also I love children .

C And I also children .

S I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .

C I am accustomed to working children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love who spend lot of time of

S I am a hardworking and a committed person in all aspects .

C I am a hardworking and person in all respects

S They are the reason why I 'm great for these job .

C These the reasons I 'm great for this .

S Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .

C Also , last summers helped me to be prepared things that demand

S For an example I learned about the organization , how control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .

C For , learned about , how to big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .

S I hope you get interested In my application .

C I hope you are in application .

S I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for the time .

C I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for your .

S Nowadays , cost to buy a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .

C Nowadays , the of car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .

S Car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .

C The car not an expensive thing to have anymore .

S As we know , the privilege having a travel by car is more convenient than by public transport .

C As we know , the privilege of a journey car is more convenient than by public transport .

S We could stop in everywhere we want to stop .

C We can want to stop .

S We could visit every places with no limitation time .

C We can every place no time limitations

S If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .

C If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do enjoy it ? " I would tell them my favorite sport is soccer because has me know how important and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a place , to push me to run kick ball .

S I had to say that feeling was really awesome .

C I have say that feeling was really awesome .

S It made me feel like that happiness is running through out my body .

C It made me feel like was throughout body .

S I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .

C I would to who want to start sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete each to get the highest .

S second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .

C Second all you have to do is warm up body , if you do n't warm it up the race , might hurt yourself .

S Third all you can do is play for fun with your friends .

C Third , you can do is play for fun with your friends .

S what is it the best ?

C Which it the best ?

S Public transport , our cars or natural transport as a bike .

C Public transport , our cars or natural transport such a bike .

S My techer said that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , never the less I am disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less .

C My teacher that public transport has no in our society , because travelling by car is much more convenient . , with her opinion because if we use public transport will pollute less .

S No one can deny the importance of travelling .

C No one can deny the importance of travelling .

S Without travelling people would be very bored , life would be very monotunes .

C Without travelling , would be very bored , life would be very monotonous

S So , in the future we will dispense of types of transportation .

C So , in the future we will dispense with transportation .

S In these days , we use cars to travel between countries .

C These , we use cars to travel between countries .

S Cars are very easy to use .

C Cars are very easy to use .

S People ca n't dispense of cars these days .

C People ca n't dispense with these days .

S Families ca n't dispense of cars .

C Families ca n't dispense with .

S So we should know the right way to drive .

C So we should know the right way to drive .

S We should be careful when we drive .

C We should be careful when we drive .

S We should be careful from careless drivers .

C We should be careful of drivers .

S We have searched to find the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .

C We have searched to find the model of the kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find the kw on

S The Capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .

C The capacity used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .

S We searched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .

C We searched for found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in Sea not on Zafrana and its is Nordtank NTK 300 .

S which capacity and model we will work on it ?

C Which and model will we on

S Nowdays people are using cars alot .

C Nowadays use a lot

S In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .

C In the past , it was n't like that . People have . They .

S They had no chose , because life was difficult , no money .

C They had no choice because life was difficult , and they had money .

S There were not company cars.but now most people have cars .

C There were not any cars , but most people have cars .

S There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose

C There are a few people who , like students and people who a income . In view I say the public transport might be to e close nobody is going to beclose

S Last week my class and another one went to a school tripin Sicily .

C Last week my class and another one went on school trip in .

S We visited many cities like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of monuments of Greek history .

C We visited many cities , Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of historical Greek monuments

S We stayed in three different hotels and one day , we went also to the sea in Giardini Naxos .

C We stayed in three different hotels and , day , we also went the sea in Giardini Naxos .

S The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !

C The best thing I saw was the Valley of the Temples because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruins they were really beautiful and , , view amazing !

S That day , there was a great time and it was sunny and hot ; I took a lot of photos and I learned new particulars about these important buildings .

C That day , we had great time and it was sunny and hot . took a lot of photos and I learned new information those buildings .

S It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like this !

C It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like that

S people are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .

C People interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .

S they are looking for new experiences .

C They new experiences .

S Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is existence cosmic creatures .

C Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the of - terrestrials

S To be honest I do n't believe in Ufo .

C To be honest , do n't believe in UFOs

S on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .

C In world there have been a lot of cases where been .

S ufo story started already in antiquity .

C Stories about UFOs antiquity .

S on the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying sauceres .

C On walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying saucers

S universe is colossaling and still we are knowing little about it .

C universe is expanding we still about it .

S maybe we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?

C Maybe are not and UFOs ?

S in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist

C In , and more scientists agree that exist .

S I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .

C I am a that likes to do exercise . For reason , like doing sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in world is .

S I believe that play soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that the people can like always has to exist some rules .

C I believe that playing is an excellent activity , because in every game that might , there has to be rules .

S This kind of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .

C These rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .

S He is important person because he is a president of government in Spain .

C He is an person because he is the of the in Spain .

S He is very ambitious and polite .

C He is very ambitious and polite .

S He has been done several laws again Spanish citiziens .

C He has been done several laws again citizens

S He studied at University a Degree in Law .

C He studied a degree in law at university

S When Aznar was president of government before he , he was like minister .

C When Aznar was president of the before him he was like a .

S I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .

C I have been playing sport since years ago . This has taught me to respect to assault the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that do n't want to be weak . would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : strong weak . When step foot the gym , everything : home ... . Therefore , enjoy it .

S I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .

C I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It in blood , my soul . Taekwondo a violent sport as many people say , what you have to know is what is the brain and the heart of players .

S I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .

C I just got 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell starting this sport to their and skills for the right things .

S A story

C A story

S This is my old brother 's story .

C This is my older 's story .

S One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .

C One day , my older went to a where we often go to play tennis . He a boy who was holding red hat crying the branch , not what to do . He a big tree and looked at the boy .

S A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .

C A few minutes later some boy who looked old brother approached little boy . The boy stopped crying he afraid because they looked rube , but still wanted to the little boy .

S Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .

C Suddenly , a rube grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The boy out . My was outraged . He at rube and attacked .

S The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .

C The little boy more and more , tears rolled down from his eyes . My felt sorry for . He the little boy his smartphone and put on music . The boy stopped crying started to smiled .

S Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .

C In the evening the little boy 's mother came to take home . He his mother had happened day , and mother smiled at brother , and took the little boy home . My smiled and went home .

S It was a sunny day like every day Sara woke up and had a breakfast with her children then she went to her job .

C It was a sunny day . Like day , woke up and had with her children , she went to her job .

S When she had arrived her office she had a phone call from the hospital .

C When she had arrived at office she had a phone call from the hospital .

S They told her that her brother had a car accident first of all she shocked

C They told her that her brother had had car accident . First all , was ,

S Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .

C Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a to London . When was on train , had another call

S They told her that she has to bring $ 100,000 so they can do the surgery to her brother

C They told her that she had bring $ 100,000 so they could the surgery on brother .

S The woman 's name was Sara .

C The woman 's name was Sara .

S She came from a poor family and she lives with her children .

C She came from a poor family and she lived her children .

S Her husband was dead a long time ago .

C Her husband had died long time ago .

S in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .

C in a car accident . When heard had to brother , was so anxious Then happened . She a big suitcase on train she decided to open the bag because no one was on train . So opened the bag and was when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .

S however she took the half of the money because of her brother .

C However , took of the money because of her brother .

S After that she went to the hospital

C After that , went to the hospital

S and paid the money for her brother surgery .

C and paid the money for her brother 's .

S The surgery was successful .

C The surgery was successful .

S Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .

C Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .

S It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .

C It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .

S It is very important as per this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .

C It is very important because was a city and a very important ceremonial center .

S The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .

C The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .

S There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .

C There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , the Ball Game . There also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrifice young girls to their gods

S Our Future 's Lives :

C Our Future :

S The past already happened , we can not change it .

C The past has happened , we can not change it .

S The future we do not know what 's coming .

C We do not know what 's coming in the future

S But the present we live it , we live the moment and benefit from it at the maximum .

C But we live in the present live in moment and benefit from it to maximum .

S If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .

C If you ask someone about the future , the will be different , all will be around two main topics they be optimistic or pessimistic the future

S As far as I am concerned .

C As far as I am concerned ,

S I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change toward the bad .

C I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change for worse

S No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .

C Not I am a but due to several factors and conditions Allow to explain opinion .

S Firstly , we are living in unstable world .

C Firstly , we are living in an world .

S It is true that every day we have new innovation which help people and make their life more easier .

C It is true that every day we have new innovations help people and make their lives

S But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .

C But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human beings not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .

S Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .

C Humans looking for and they apply law of the jungle the the weakest .

S To illustrate .

C To illustrate .

S There are a categorisation of countries , there are developed countries , emerged one and on the way of development countries .

C There is categorisation of countries ; are developed countries , emerging countries on the way to development

S Who classified those countries like this ?

C Who classified those countries like this ?

S whare the critria of this ranking ? and ...

C What criteria this ranking ? and ...

S These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for convenient answer .

C These questions and a lot of queries of many people for a answer .

S Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .

C Hence , the indicated support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a direction

S In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .

C In addition , a view shows the majority of people 's have a effect . This exists in people 's lives or in .

S And unfortunately this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .

C And unfortunately , bad impact exists almost areas of life

S For example .

C For example .

S Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .

C Chemical drugs can help people heal and recover diseases , they another hidden effect .

S This effect always leaves people suffering later after the usage .

C This effect always leaves people suffering later ,

S Therefore , The afformentioned information above show that our future can be worse than our present .

C Therefore , The aforementioned above shows our future could worse than our present .

S To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .

C To summarize , people lives and development , but generally , evolution affects .

S Should live in stabele and peaceful world .

C We should in a peaceful world .

S We must stop all wars , conflict and impose human beings principls and values .

C We must stop all wars , conflicts impose human values .

S The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .

C The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .

S It is specialized in barbecue , beers and wines .

C It specializes barbecue , beers and wines .

S The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the front side you can see a huge welcome sign .

C The building quite wide and at front can see a huge welcome sign .

S The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .

C The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .

S The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional for example , the waiting time is very short .

C The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional . For , the waiting time is very short .

S And it is very well ordered .

C And it is very well organised

S In terms of food quality the level is extraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .

C In terms of food quality , standard extraordinary . They well known for their roast meat .

S There will be a future for public transport .

C There will be a future for public transport .

S Petrol will run out in a few years .

C Petrol will run out in a few years .

S We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .

C We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .

S Trains are going to be used evermore .

C Trains are going to be used forever

S Public transport is going to be used more than ever .

C Public transport is going to be used more than ever .

S There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .

C There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .

S There is a hotly debated issue of that whether student should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .

C There is a hotly debated issue relating to students take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .

S And the topic of people 's view can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .

C And the topic of people 's views be approached from different angles due to its complexity .

S Some people prefer this " gap year " theory while others seem to prefer disagree .

C Some people support " gap year " theory , others seem to .

S After careful considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .

C After carefully this issue , I also develop my own points of view .

S I favor the former statement , that is , I think student should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .

C I favor the former statement . That , I think students have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .

S Dear teacher ,

C Dear teacher ,

S I agree with you about the future for public transport .

C I disagree you about the future of transport .

S I am sure that there is a good future for it .

C I am sure that there is a good future for it .

S Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .

C Every day , the fuel we use cars is more expensive than using .

S Nowadays , people use their cars to move for work , for holidays ...... but if the petroleo were cheaper , they could travelled very much .

C Nowadays , people use their cars to travel work , for holidays ...... but if the petrol cheaper , they could travel lot

S It could be a good idea if the taxes were cheaper than the taxes of other things such a tobacco , alcohol ....

C It would a good idea if were cheaper than the taxes on things such , alcohol ....

S Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .

C Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .

S what do you think about that ?

C What you think about that ?

S although traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort when driving a car for along distance you will get tired , some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .

C Although by car is really interesting , transport still its advantages . By public transport you 're saving effort . When a car for a long , will get tired Some do n't have enough money to buy their own car .

S I saw you uploading the cat into the glass bottle in Facebook .

C I saw you uploading the cat in glass bottle on .

S I want to give you a few words .

C I want to say words .

S Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you 're joking .

C Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause your cat because of you r

S If you want to raise animals , you must take care of it , love it and treat it like a family .

C If you want to raise animals , you must take care of them love them treat them .

S Although it is not human , they also have feelings .

C Although they human , they also have feelings .

S You raise it once , it would regard you as the owner .

C Once you raise it it will you as its .

S You are only relying on it .

C It relies on you alone

S I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .

C I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt future .

S Furthermore , you abuse cat has violated not only the ethics but also the law .

C Furthermore , your of the has violated not only but also the law .

S I hope you can take down photos of being abused the cat and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .

C I hope you can take down the of the cat being abused you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .

S To keep the cat is not a simple matter which need to real love and good care .

C Keeping is not a simple matter and it and good care .

S So you decided to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .

C So if decide keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .

S At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .

C Always to whether cat has sick .

S The holiday you can go for a walk with a cat .

C In the can go for a walk with a cat .

S It is not difficult to do the thing .

C It is not a thing to do

S As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .

C As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .

S The diagrams below show the five stages aboout the process of making bank notes .

C The diagrams below show the five stages of process of making bank notes .

S Design is the first stage , which contains three parts : background , artwork and security issues .

C Design is the first stage , which includes parts : background , artwork and security issues .

S After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .

C After the of metal plates by skilled machinists , they of bank notes There three requirements for colour on both sides , special ink and images that are .

S The most important step is Inspection : printed sheets manually inspected .

C The most important step is inspection printed sheets are inspected .

S if you apply job like this must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS

C If apply a like this you be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS

S Why should I took at this job ?

C Why should I get job ?

S Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .

C Because really love to work with people of all , and I would like to this post and I 'm an and hardworking person .

S Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .

C Therefore , looking children aged 8 - 12 years n't an task , but as a father or parent you must always give good care in terms of your responsibilities

S Working in the kitchens means to do all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .

C Working in the kitchens means doing about i.e and washing the floors .

S beast regards

C Best

S There is no future for public transport , that is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .

C There is no future for public transport . That true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .

S On the other hand , the public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .

C On the other hand , transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .

S Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere , It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .

C Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere . does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .

S In your car you can put inside all bags that you want to take .

C You can put all the bags that you want to take in your car

S These aspects or advantages are that I can say about this topic .

C These aspects or advantages are all I can say about this topic .

S Hello .

C Hello ,

S My name is Anna , I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality so I enjoy planning activities or organise sport events in a special and colorful way .

C My name is Anna . am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality , I enjoy planning activities or organising events in a special and colorful way .

S I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .

C I really love children taking of them . also have working in summer camps and had good experience making food because I already did these things other camps .

S I think that I gave good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .

C I think that I have given reasons and I hope that you will accept me .

S Goodbye , Anna .

C Goodbye . .

S cell phone

C cellphone

S I chose this invention that I think that helped to humanity to communicate more easily ,

C I chose this invention that I think to communicate more easily .

S Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper

C Motorola the first to do to a mobile phone . It on 3 April 1973 and first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .

S Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone

C Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone .

S After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users

C After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives the needs of users

S " taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "

C " taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "

S Dear diary

C Dear diary

S Today was a good day , not every day is as good as this was .

C Today was a good day . Not day is as good as this was .

S It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .

C It started up around seven o'clock I n't tired at all .

S I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .

C I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .

S It smelld terrific , and teasted so good .

C It smelled , and tasted good .

S It was panncakes and egg with bacon .

C It was pancakes egg with bacon .

S After that i polyeder with my brothers out in the garden .

C After that I my brothers out in the garden .

S They usaly do n't wan to be with me bit today we played all day long .

C They usually n't want be with me , we played all day long .

S It was so funny and i could n't stopp smilling .

C It was such I n't stop

S The weather was Aldo good today , the sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .

C The weather was also today . The was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .

S EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical supports to our valued customers .

C EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical support our valued customers .

S Technical support can be provide through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .

C Technical support can be provided emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .

S Different levels of technical supports can be arranged and purchased at different prices .

C Different levels of technical support be arranged and purchased at different prices .

S My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but at the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .

C My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but on second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .

S When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .

C When we arrived , were a lot of Matias ' friends our house listening to , playing games and drinking .

S We told them that had to leave our house immediately .

C We told them that they to leave our house immediately .

S When everyone was out , we told of Matias because he organised a party without our permission .

C When everyone was out , we told Matias off he organised a party without our permission .

S He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for her attitude

C He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologised his .

S In my opinion , in future people do n't be used public transport .

C In my opinion , in future people wo use transport .

S It will be not tredy because everybody will have his own car .

C It will not be everybody will have his own car .

S These cars will be used alternative energy , for example energy of the Sun .

C These cars will use energy , for example energy from Sun .

S The modern science try to find new , more economic sources by energy .

C Modern is trying find new , more economic sources of .

S do you have best friend in your life ?

C Do have a friend in your life ?

S what the meaning of friend ?

C What is meaning of friend ?

S friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .

C A is a person will be there in your hard times happy times and a encourages in the you choose in your life .

S friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .

C A will be there when you are and in times There no respect your friend and they will respect you more

S Secondly , the student have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain good body shape .

C Secondly , the student who good body shape can easily new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain a body shape .

S For instances , the students joining the sports team needs to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .

C For instance joining a team need do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .

S According , the boy or girl have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .

C According for a or girl , muscles can make look more attractive .

S Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .

C Therefore , the student joining a sports can maintain a body shape and it will let students friends .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .

S It is said that when you survive to a situation which has made you be at the limit , you change .

C It is said that when you survive situation which has taken limit , you change .

S And you can never return to be the one you used to be .

C And you can never return to being person used to be .

S You are no more the person that people have expected .

C You are no more the person that people knew

S But you do n't care about it .

C But you do n't care about it .

S Every hard situation may be got over easily when you make a big effort .

C Every hard situation can got over easily when you make a big effort .

S Peter has been thinking about this secret party for months since the time he knew his mother was healed .

C Peter had thinking about this secret party for months , the time he knew his mother was healed .

S He was taking care of her so that he was prevented from going to university .

C He had been care of her , was prevented from going to university .

S He had to refuse to all his dreams suddenly .

C He had to refuse his dreams suddenly .

S However , the destiny has given him another chance to follow them .

C However , had him another chance to follow them .

S Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .

C Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .

S She felt blessed as she was given such a perfect son .

C She felt blessed as she had been such a perfect son .

S It is said to happen once in life .

C It is said to happen once in a

S Peter has been kissed by her mum before , but this time was quite different .

C Peter had kissed by his before , but this time was quite different .

S Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .

C Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .

S Now Peter could fly on his own .

C Now Peter could fly on his own .

S Environment is the combination of air , earth , water forest and all these are interlinked with each other .

C The environment a of the , earth , water and and all these things interlinked with each other .

S Most importantly , all species of animals and human being are the part of this ecosystem .

C Most importantly , all species of animals and human beings a of this ecosystem .

S Human is the most wise and intelligent from all of these .

C The human being the most wise and intelligent of of these .

S However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem with various activities .

C However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem through activities .

S Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .

C Let 's about one of them , which ' cleanliness ' . , we all know that we are spreading our houses and offices .

S This may be due to people are not aware about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbish .

C This may be due to people being of the of this bad habit - rubbish .

S But , in these days , with education , people are becoming more sensible and responsible towards the environment .

C But , days , with education , people are becoming more sensitive responsible towards the environment .

S In the same line , dwellers of my village are doing lots of work to make their area clean and hygiene .

C Along same lines inhabitants my village do of work to make their area clean and hygienic

S They collect house hold waste in a dustbin and put off with proper standard procedure .

C They collect household in a dustbin and dispose of it the standard procedure .

S They collect and segregate the rubbish in separate containers .

C They collect and segregate the rubbish into containers .

S For example , they collect plastic waste in yellow dustbin while , liquid and solid , degradable waste in red container .

C For example , they collect plastic waste in a dustbin , and solid , degradable waste goes a container .

S This makes easy and convenient to identify the waste types .

C This makes it and convenient to identify the waste types .

S To conclude , I would like to say that nowadays people are becoming more aware and conscious towards environment through education .

C To conclude , I would like to say that , , are becoming more aware and environment - conscious education .

S Today in my class there was a discussion on television education .

C Today in my class there was a discussion on television and .

S Television is an object that help people to know the news in real time .

C Television is an object that helps to know the news in real time .

S There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .

C There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a cartoons and " stupid " programs harm people most

S Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .

C Today , are many children that have a television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's , while once our parents preferred hanging with their .

S Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .

C Television can be a useful instrument it is used with caution . , recommend using less damage to the mind

S I am concerned about pollution .

C I am concerned about pollution .

S This issue has became a big problem to solve .

C This issue has became a big problem to solve .

S In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .

C In order to help reduce pollution , take action three " Rs " : reduce reuse and recycle , am more and more eco - friendly

S I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .

C I reduce the of unnecesary at home . In words , I turn on a that I need I it ; I cooler I heat the .

S In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .

C In order to reuse , I convert all things , for example , a bottle as a plant pot ; a bottle as a food container . I reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag a salesman one

S Recycling is another way to be ecologist .

C Recycling is another way to be ecological

S Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .

C Today , we have more items recycle as long as we clean them and put them the bin , which will be used factories to make them

S As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .

C As long as I to keep doing things - friendly , that I giving little from my side and I I am environment .

S Hello!!How are you ! !

C Hello ! ! How you ! ?

S I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .

C I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward aunt .

S Next I am going to Italy to see the PAPA.If you want I am going to Barcelona to go with you .

C Next I am going to Italy to see the Pope . If want I am going to Barcelona and I would like go with you .

S See you soon ! !

C See you soon ! !

S PD : we have to meet

C PS we have to meet

S Hï Jo ,

C Hi ,

S In my opinion , it is a good idea about you spend some time travelling because you will have an opportunity to think about your future but in my city because of the crisis there is very little work for everyone .

C In my opinion , it is a good idea to some time travelling , you will have an opportunity to think about your future , in my city , of the crisis , is very little work for anyone

S Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps to you in the future you would like to become a history teacher .

C Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps the future you would like to become a history teacher .

S Although now that the holidays are coming you need people to help and ride the amusement park or the lights of the fair .

C Although now that the holidays are coming , people to help and ride amusement park or work lights of the fair .

S If you come to Linares could amuse you and if you come forward to work can do it

C If you come to Linares , you amuse yourself , if you come forward to work you do it .

S You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun and I like the bulls

C You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun , like the bulls .

S I hope to see you soon

C I hope to see you soon

S Sonia

C Sonia

S Hi Sara ,

C Hi Sara ,

S It was great to hear from you .

C It was great to hear from you .

S It 's a very difficult decision for me too .

C It 's a very difficult decision for me too .

S But if you want to decide , I 'll intend to help you .

C But if you want to decide , I 'll try help you .

S On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .

C On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .

S On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoy .

C On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoying yourself

S Well , I think you should n't give up either .

C Well , I think you should n't give up either .

S You can devote more time to do both .

C You can devote more time to doing .

S If I were you , I would go running at the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .

C If I were you , I would go running in morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .

S So , you can do both .

C So , you can do both .

S I hope this help you and you will take the best decision .

C I hope this helps and you will make best decision .

S Lots of love

C Lots of love

S Fira

C Fira

S I agree this affirmation because the public transport is more expensive than car , is slow and is less economic .

C I agree with affirmation because transport is more expensive than a , is slow and is less economical

S the car is less expensive , more confortable , more fast and more security .

C A is less expensive , more comfortable faster safer

S every time the car is more utilized and more economic .

C Every a is more economic .

S in my opinion the car more advantageous than car and the car is more useful

C In opinion , car is advantageous than the and the car is more useful .

S To my mind this mind not right .

C To my mind , is right .

S First of all travelling by car is very expensive .

C First of all , by car is very expensive .

S For example travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .

C For example , by train is cheaper and travelling by plane faster

S Secondly it 's not comfortable.becouse you every day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy the enviroment

C Secondly , 's not comfortable , because drive every day of relaxing and enjoying environment .

S Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .

C Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .

S It is said that people prefer going by bus to a close place , but some of then do n't think the same .

C It is said that people prefer going by bus to a nearby , but some of them n't think the same .

S The public transport has plenty of advantages .

C Public has plenty of advantages .

S Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .

C Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for petrol as the price constantly rising , so using transport is an economical to travel .

S On the other hand it helps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..

C On the other hand , helps to reduce the pollution by cars , ..

S Besides , it will be always useful for people ca n't drive .

C Besides , it will always be for people who n't drive .

S Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .

C Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .

S The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get earlier to everywhere .

C The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get everywhere faster

S In the future , cars would be so cheap than everyone will have one , thus , it will take up the end of the public transport .

C In the future , cars will so cheap that will have one . Thus it will mean end of transport .

S To sum up , I would say that people will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting expensive .

C To sum up , I would say that people will use public transport more and more as getting expensive .

S The picture illustrate the progrocess of making notes .

C The picture illustrate the process making notes .

S There includes some most important steps .

C This some of the important steps .

S Design is the first and the most important process .

C Design is the first and the most important process .

S It is the first step that costs troublesome , some things must be included the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .

C It is the first step that costs troublesome , some Some must be included in considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .

S Then , preparation of mental plates and skilled machinists are the needments .

C Then , preparation of the and skilled machinists are

S Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .

C Printing is the next step Usually sheets of bank notes are , because there are some special requirements the printing ; colour both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .

S The last step is the inspertion , sheete manually inspected .

C The last step is the inspection . Sheets are inspected .

S The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .

C The inspection always has results : good quality sheets , the bad sheets partially damaged sheets .

S If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .

C If the printed are quality , they will be packed distributed . Some damaged sheets be into separate or packed dispatched . The sheets will be disposed on The be secure .

S My favorite sport is swimming .

C My favorite sport is swimming .

S I goes swimming since 1998 , when I had ten years old .

C I have been going since 1998 , when I was years old .

S I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .

C I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .

S Actually I not practice because I am not time , But a feel miss !

C At the moment do n't because I do have , but miss it

S Now I go to the gym and practice weight lifting three Times A week , Exercises aerobics every days and yoga two times a week !

C Now I go to the gym and do lifting three times . exercise day yoga twice week !

S I every feel very well after come back the gym .

C I always very well after coming from gym .

S Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,

C Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,

S But when she ca n't go I go Alone .

C but she ca n't go , go alone

S I always go !

C I always go !

S My cough is very friendly and help me

C My coach very friendly and helps .

S The television is one of the most important AV media in the world .

C Television one of the most important AV media in the world .

S You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .

C You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There a lot of channels playing roles . For , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . not only for entertainment , also for education . entertain you through it s , and can educate you through it s channels .

S At this time and age , most of the people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .

C In day age , most have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .

S It is also make convenient for people who are rushing time to work , meeting and so on .

C It is also for people who are rushing work , meetings so on .

S However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .

C However , I do with this statement , transport is needed for people do vehicles during downturns

S Public transport is cheap and friendly for environment .

C Public transport is cheap and friendly to .

S firstly , the fare of public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .

C Firstly the fare for transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .

S The person that do not have to save large amount of money to buy the car .

C People need save large amounts money to buy a .

S They can use the money in more useful or meaningful way such as investment property .

C They can use the money in a useful or meaningful way , as for in .

S The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .

C The fare for transport is less than owning a when you fares filling a tank with

S Some more they are needed to pay a parking fee for parking .

C Some more money to pay a parking fee for parking .

S Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .

C Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .

S Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .

C Because has to leave for another place in own car and carbon dioxide is from

S The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .

C Public is a way to reduce pollution , it can carry more than a dozen times the people at time and reduce the number of people travelling in own vehicle .

S So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .

C So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .

S Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .

C Lastly , public transport blamed by for more than using their vehicle .

S Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .

C Although transport is slow , does take a long time for to reach their destination , public transport nowadays is

S In conclusion , public transport is needed for everybody in a necessary time .

C In conclusion , public transport is needed by in a necessary time

S It always can make us save the money and make the environment more nature and fresh .

C It can always us save and make the environment more natural fresh .

S Nowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .

C Nowadays , the space needed countries enlarges , area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .

S This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems to mankind and animals .

C This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems for and animals .

S The large - scale building projects took the space which should belong to the animals .

C The large - scale building projects have taken space which should belong to the animals .

S The food for them and their living space might not be enough .

C The food for them and their living space might not be enough .

S Some kinds of animals would move to the urban area , steal the food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .

C Some kinds of animals will to the urban areas steal from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .

S However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .

C Although them might be caught only small of them might be adopted by humans

S On the other hand , the expansion of city increase pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and watching the blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .

C On the other hand , the expansion of a increases and kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and seeing is almost impossible in some big cities .

S Although the medical skills get stronger , the percentage of people who get cancer is still improving .

C Although the medical skills are getting the percentage of people who get cancer is still increasing

S In conclusion , the large - scale building projects take the living resource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer and so on .

C In conclusion , - scale building projects take the living resources animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , so on .

S Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .

C Only if the government develop more technical property , pay pay attention to , such as planting trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in special law those missed animals will we decrease the harm that projects us .

S For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they are .

C For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they were

S If they are your best fiends they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .

C If they are your best fiends , will guide you and help you to be best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their backs you .

S But on the other hand you maybe punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .

C But on the other hand , may be or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .

S So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentil way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .

C So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentle that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,

C Dear Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing to apply a job for summer camp .

C I am writing to apply for job on camp .

S My name is Jenny Wang and I would be the right person for the job .

C My name is Jenny Wang and I am right person for the job .

S About me , I was born in 1989 and I live in Los Angeles since 2000 .

C was born in 1989 and I have lived Los Angeles since 2000 .

S I came from a large family and I have two younger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .

C I come a large family and I have two younger sisters 12 .

S To introduce my skills , I passed all exams in English at school and I can speak English well .

C To introduce my skills , I passed all my in English at school and I can speak English well .

S I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .

C I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .

S Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .

C Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .

S Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I willing to take the costs of the flight .

C Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I am to cover cost the flight .

S Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I could have to chance to work for summer camp 2014 .

C Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I the to work for summer camp 2014 .

S Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to having a positive news from you .

C Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to receiving from you .

S Yours Sincerely ,

C Yours faithfully

S Jenny Wang

C Jenny Wang

S First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .

C First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life

S Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .

C Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant

S You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .

C You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .

S From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .

C From the time , said you that had a problem with my health , you answered : it does matter .

S I felt so bad in a car .

C I felt so bad in the .

S I felt that I could lose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .

C I felt that I could lose . That why I removed the

S I really do n't feel my blame .

C I really do n't feel any

S I talk about everything .

C I talked everything .

S Hello Lara .

C Hello Lara .

S I am glaed to hear frome you .

C I am glad hear from .

S I am 24 years old I am frome Lviv Ukraine .

C I am 24 years old . am from Ukraine .

S My hobbies are footbal and gym .

C My hobbies are football gym .

S I have got 1 brother , Petr .

C I have got 1 brother , Petr .

S I am a PhD student in university .

C I am a PhD student in university .

S I am stydying envaermantal saents .

C I am studying

S Evgeni .

C Evgeni .

S Welcome in this town .

C Welcome to town .

S We are here to introduce the shopping facilities and shops in this town to you .

C We are here to introduce you to the shopping facilities and shops in this town

S Washing you enjoy it .

C Washing enjoy it .

S There are several big plazas in the center in the town .

C There are several big plazas in the center of town .

S You can walk about ten minutes from the station or by bus to there .

C You can walk there in about ten minutes from the station or go there by bus

S There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .

C There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .

S You may be energetic or crazy by these charming shops where you are walking around .

C You may be energetic or crazy by these shops where you are walking around .

S If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different country meals .

C If you feel like eating , there are lot of well - known restaurants , and they different countries '

S You can choose the taste you like .

C You can choose the taste you like .

S After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all the money .

C After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all your .

S There 's a bank in each plaza .

C There 's a bank in each plaza .

S So , you can enjoy your time without money 's problem .

C So , you can enjoy your time without money

S At night , there 's another side in this town .

C At night , there 's another side to town .

S You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .

C You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .

S This is one of the sort of the best quality here .

C This is one of the sort the best quality here .

S You might have a walk around after supper .

C You might have a walk around after supper .

S my father

C My

S my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .

C My 's is Zaheer Arat . He very loving and caring . He us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He all the facilities to us , example , the and books , that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He encourages and says n't be of anything because you are braver than anything else . My and I are of my father . He very hard - and brave . He a face . He tries to make other people laugh his . He listens to we want . He ever ignores .

S Dear friend ,

C Dear friend ,

S Many thanks for your letter and your assetment for my invitation .

C Many thanks for your letter and your acceptance invitation .

S I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .

C I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .

S Listen , do I tell you about getting to my apartment .

C Listen , will you about getting to my apartment .

S There are several type of transport in my town .

C There are several types transport in my town .

S But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .

C But if land in the , most convenient and fast transport is taxi , n't cost much my house .

S In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .

C In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .

S There are possibility of raining .

C There is the of rain

S So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .

C So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .

S I 'd better stop now and make ready for your visit .

C I 'd better stop now and get for your visit .

S I hope you 'll enjoy my country .

C I hope you 'll enjoy my country .

S Give my love to your family .

C Give my love to your family .

S Please write me a line soon .

C Please write to .

S I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !

S All the best

C All the best

S Mari

C Mari

S Hello Sam .

C Hello Sam .

S Thank you very much to write me this letter .

C Thank you very much for this letter .

S Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '

C Now , answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely town , but there is one place that special to : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '

S A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .

C A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .

S It is a veri quiet place , because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .

C It is a very place . Because its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .

S You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by other ways .

C You can only get A Fervenza ' by or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by any ways .

S It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .

C It is an incredible the ground is covered grass and there is a little river where you can swim . It the perfect place to have a quiet day .

S That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope tath my answer will help you with your project .

C That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope that answer will help you with your project .

S Greetings , Xabier Morales .

C Greetings Xabier Morales .

S What is your last neame ?

C What is your last name

S Do you mean surname ?

C Do you mean surname ?

S Yes .

C Yes .

S My surname is Baek .

C My surname is Baek .

S Are you married ?

C Are you married ?

S No . I 'm single .

C No . I 'm single .

S A pretty girl like you is still single .

C A pretty girl like you is still single ?

S Stop it . I am single for a while .

C Stop it . I have been for a while .

S My favourite sport is volleyball .

C My favourite sport is volleyball .

S It 's since I had six years hold that I try this sport .

C I 've been playing this sport since I was six years old

S I say to people that want tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .

C I say to people that want to sport that it ' s easy if you love it .

S You are advantage if you start when you are young .

C You are at an if you start when you are young .

S This sport can help your health and everyone can learn to do volleyball .

C This sport can help your health and anyone learn to play .

S In Italy volleyball is very common , specially in my region .

C In Italy , is very common , especially my region .

S If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .

C If you try this sport in the wrong way you could health problems . For , could problems with your , in in your .

S Hi Lara ,

C Hi Lara ,

S My name is Jose .. I 'm 25e years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .

C My name is Jose .. I 'm 25 old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .

S My hobbies aregoing out and travelling around the world .

C My hobbies are going and travelling around the world .

S I love the music like you and my favorite group is U2 .

C I love like you and my favorite group is U2 .

S Do you like it ?

C Do you like it ?

S I 'm only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .

C I 'm an child and I in the morning and work the evening in a mall .

S Do you like studying Laws ?

C Do you like studying Law

S I hope your news soon .

C I look forward to hearing news soon .

S Jose

C Jose

S Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .

C Hello , name is Sophie Nielsen . was born in in Sweden and I live .

S I got one sister that named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .

C I have one sister Ingrid and she is 8 years old .

S On my spare time I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .

C In spare time , like to hang out with friends and play soccer .

S I also do home work but it 's not i do because I like it .

C I also do homework it 's not something because I like it .

S The accomplishment I am the most proudest of was when I did four goals in a soccer game .

C The accomplishment I am the most proud was when I scored goals in a soccer game .

S The best places I had visit is my house in Spain .

C The best place have my house in Spain .

S I like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .

C I would to change the fact I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .

S Three words that I can describe myself with is :

C Three words that I can describe myself with are

S 1 .

C 1 .

S funny

C funny

S 2 . kind

C 2 . kind

S 3 . awesome

C 3 . awesome

S I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .

C I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in and not 2001 , I was born on of , there not so much difference .

S My favorite song is All about that bass with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy

C My favorite song is " about that Bass Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy .

S My favorite movie is The fault in our stars , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .

C My favorite movie is " fault in our Stars because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .

S Emily knew she would have to come to a decisión son .

C Emily knew she would have to come to a decision

S Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .

C Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .

S it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn .

C It a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to marry

S they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .

C They spending the weekend in the countryside . He rented a cabin he had n't checked weather , and a strong blizzard arrived leaving without communication by phone by car .

S the problema for Emily was that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .

C The Emily was that her was as cold as the weather .

S she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .

C She he was so boring but she did n't want to be alone . she n't know how to live on her and Emily was utterly terrified .

S INTRODUCTION

C INTRODUCTION

S The purpose of this report is that people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .

C The purpose of this report is to aware of the importance taking care of the environment in order to eradicate problem has consequences .

S Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about the careless people .

C Acid rain warming are issues which have been brought about by .

S ADVANTAGES

C ADVANTAGES

S By one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .

C on hand , if we avoided ours cities , we could have a more healthy lifestyle in the past .

S On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of the town .

C On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points the town .

S MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT

C MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE OF ENVIRONMENT

S The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate the rubbish in my town .

C The council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate town .

S This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .

C This project is focused on separating the rubbish at the city and they also to keep as as is .

S CONCLUSION

C CONCLUSION

S To sum up , taking care about the environment should be an obligated task for us .

C To sum up , taking care of environment should be an obligatory for us .

S The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .

C The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in we must collaborate with all arounds we will keep world on our hands

S Dear USA Summer camp

C Dear USA Summer camp

S I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .

C I am writing in response your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have at a in North as volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I that I a suitable person for the job because I energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I working with children and I organising different of activities . 'm not very good at , I learn very fast .

S Think that can do a fantastic job .

C I think I a fantastic job .

S I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .

C I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .

S María del Mar

C María del Mar

S To combat the distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .

C Combating destruction the this is a serious problem throughout the world .

S Nowadays , many trees and grasses are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constricated .

C Nowadays , many trees and grassland areas damaged in many countries , lots of building are constructed

S And people should pay attention to this problem and try to slove it .

C And people should pay attention to this problem and try to solve .

S There are denying that the environment are changed by behavior of people and animals .

C There is no that the environment is by the of people and animals .

S For instance , people need to many places to build the modern society , so they fall down lots of trees , burnning many glasses .

C For instance , people need too places to build the modern society , so they cut lots of trees , burning grassland areas

S Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .

C Another factor is the animals do control themselves the plants the the .

S Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , and the people'life become more convenient .

C Nowadays , the transportation has more perfect and the people 's lives have more convenient .

S Althought this change lend the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .

C Although change makes life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .

S It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .

C It would really be helpful if the government made restrictions . In 's world , there are of construction and factories are not admission they are destroying forest , farmland and wetland , discharging and emitting greenhouse gas . It a serious environmental .

S So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .

C So the government should oversee these , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , they fined and closed down

S Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection

C Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection

S Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter .

C Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work , petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expenses encounter .

S The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .

C The other benefit of public transport is fewer are taking cars , the amount of toxic gases released into the environment

S Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .

C Abortion is an immoral act that people perform everyone has the to survive and nobody has the right to decide about 's .

S Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral action as these fetus are being deprive of their right since they have already a life .

C Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral actions , these fetuses being deprived their rights , they already have life .

S People had to be sensitize about abortion in order to decrease the number of women being abort .

C People have be made aware abortion in order to decrease the number of women having .

S Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women had been death with this .

C Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women have of .

S Children has to be protected before and after life , it is why abortion has to be stop

C Children have be protected before and after life . That why abortion has to be stopped .

S In my opinion , I believe the public transport will have big role in the future due several reasons :

C believe transport will have a role in the future for reasons :

S 1- Inflation in population , the roads will not bear or endure huge numbers of cars .

C 1- Inflation in the ; roads will not be able to or endure huge numbers of cars .

S 2- I think on the future and transport and roads will be more organizing more than these days .

C 2- I think in future and roads will be more organized , than these days .

S 3- In the future people will concern more about energy , so transport will be more useful .

C 3- In the future , will be more concerned energy , so transport will be more used

S 4- Transport more economical from independent cars .

C 4- Transport will be economical than .

S 5- Many people ca n't drive like children and old people .

C 5- Many people ca n't drive , children and old people .

S 6- Not everyone has the ability to buy a car .

C 6- Not everyone has the possibility buy a car .

S Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .

C Because of these reasons , believe will have a .

S From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .

C From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .

S Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .

C Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .

S Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady in $ 850 .

C Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady at 850 .

S The last sales of the last year was $ 850 .

C The last sales of the last year were 850 .

S From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .

C From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .

S karate is one of the best sports i have ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's means of tamming the mind and the body .

C Karate one of the best sports I ever enjoyed in my life . One the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a of taming mind and the body .

S I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .

C I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases , and to be alert as well . Also it helps me always look and put me away the ghost of obesity as well . People want to start doing have to be patient .

S They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to eat great amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .

C They should immerse in daily exercise well as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for , it 's advised eat large of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .

S My favorite sport are football baskeball Formula One and Tennis .

C My favorite sports football , One and Tennis .

S I started to play football when I had four years .

C I started to play football when I was years old

S My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .

C My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .

S He arrives to Real Madrid 5 year ago and he is the best player of the team .

C He came Real Madrid 5 years and he is the best player in team .

S His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .

C His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .

S Basketball is my second favourite sport .

C Basketball is my second favourite sport .

S I watch two match at the weekend of the Spanish league or NBA .

C I watch two matches the weekend in Spanish league or NBA .

S I started to watch Formula One for my father these is his favourite sport .

C I started to watch Formula One because of father . This his favourite sport .

S Tennis is the favourite sport of my brother .

C Tennis is my brother 's favourite sport

S I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .

C I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .

S I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .

C I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .

S That is one of my favorite sports

C That is one of my favorite sports .

S Hi Elena

C Hi Elena

S How is going ?

C How is it ?

S Thank you for your letter !

C Thank you for your letter !

S What 's a big surprise , you are married .

C What big surprise : are married .

S My congratulations .

C My congratulations .

S I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .

C I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .

S I 'm very pleased to your invite .

C I 'm very pleased to accept invite .

S Now I 'm thinking about the present , what do you like ?

C Now I 'm thinking about the present . What you like ?

S I look forward to hear from you .

C I look forward to hearing you .

S Bye , Sandra

C Bye , Sandra

S sports is very much beneficial for our health .

C Sports for our health .

S i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .

C I play football because it 's a game . It only 90 minutes . Whenever opportunity , .

S Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .

C Driving a while listening to music is much more fun for most , maybe that 's why most people to drive rather take transport .

S In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !

C In contrast , people getting caught in a jam , they public transport . Some reasons might rising gas prices car crashes or hating driving !

S As a result I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to take each in the right situation .

C As a result , think driving and public transport have their roles and we need to use one the right situation .

S I prefer to travel by train .

C I prefer to travel by train .

S I have two reasons why I think so .

C I have two reasons why I do

S First , there are many kinds of types which train has .

C First , there are many kinds of

S For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which measns burrett train is famous and very fast .

C For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which means , famous and very fast .

S " Blue train " which has many beds in train and we can sleep comfortabully in train .

C " Blue train " , has many beds on the and we can sleep comfortably the .

S Thus , not only to ride but also to watch train is very interesting for me .

C Thus not only to ride but also to watch trains very interesting for me .

S Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable conpared to plane .

C Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared planes

S Recently although there are many LCC careers we can choice , it is still expensive to travel by plane .

C Recently , there are many LCC careers can choose it is still expensive to travel by plane .

S TTravelling by train is cheep and getting chicket is easy for us in our country .

C Travelling train is cheep and getting a easy for us in our country .

S And terolism is scare also .

C And terrorism scarce .

S The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .

C A which was travelling Egypt to Russia was exploded terrorists .

S Compared to plane , train is relatively safe because it can move only on the land .

C Compared to the , the is relatively safe because it can only move the land .

S These reasons are why I think traveling by train is favourable .

C These reasons are why I think traveling by train is best

S Hello Julia ,

C Hello Julia ,

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S What did you do yestreday ?

C What did you do yesterday

S I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .

C I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .

S I prefer another kind of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good film at the cinema .

C I prefer other films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good films the cinema .

S what kind of films do you like ?

C What of films do you like ?

S I like thriller and the action films because they have never been boring .

C I like thrillers the action films because they are never .

S Do you prefer to watch films at home or go to the cinema ?

C Do you prefer watching at home or going the cinema ?

S I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films are better .

C I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films is .

S See you soon .

C See you soon .

S Erica

C Erica

S Our earth is getting sick as days go by .

C Our earth is getting sick as days go by .

S For example , air , water and land pollution .

C For example , air , water and land pollution .

S There are several efforts that we can contribute in order to save the environment .

C There are several efforts that we can make order to save the environment .

S We start little by little to help it .

C We should , by little , help it .

S First of all , I want to emphasize on reducing the usage of plastics .

C First of all , I want to emphasize the use plastics .

S It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .

C It 's a thing a habit that we can start easily on own .

S Plastics are non - biodegradable which degrade after 1000 years .

C Plastics are non - biodegradable materials decompose 1000 years .

S Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .

C Non - biodegradable plastics could actually pile in landfill and cause the land earth to be occupied .

S Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabird or fish are fed on plastic .

C Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabirds fish are feeding plastic .

S This cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .

C This causes reproductive be destroyed .

S Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist temptation to get plastic from them .

C Hence , we should bring our own recycling or basket every time we go and resist the to get plastic from the shops

S Besides , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into the environment .

C In addition we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emissions the environment .

S If the distance to destination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cycling .

C If the distance to the is short , we could replace driving with or cycling .

S That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth

C That 's the decent to adverse environmental impact and we will be to protect our Earth .

S Since GM crops technology started to be implemented it have implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .

C Since GM crop started to be implemented it has in socioeconomic changes .

S This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .

C This technique makes control easier , in cost savings and yield gains , leading to production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .

S he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom "

C He kindly,"I a present . Open , Tom " .

S Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , there was a football in it , which he always wanted to buy

C Tom opened the big bag . ! This a big surprise . There a football in it he had wanted to buy .

S there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !

C There some words : ! keep Keep ! said . !

S there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "

C There also a cup in it . said " do n't up on dream , keep going!go!we by you ! come "

S Tom love it , " thanks mom , thanks dad!"Today is the best day of my life , thank you ! "

C Tom loved . Thanks , thanks dad ! " Today the best day of my life . Thank ! "

S " You deserve them , Tom ! you work hard all the time this year "

C " You deserve them , Tom ! You all the time this year "

S My name is Anna , i one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .

C My name is Anna . of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .

S I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .

C I 'm nineteen years old and from this but in Ton Duc Thang university .

S It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .

C It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .

S I loves Ton Duc Thang university so much .

C I love Duc Thang university so much .

S I likes the friendly students and helpful teachers .

C I like friendly students and helpful teachers .

S I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with dog and singing .

C I enjoy books cooking , playing with my and singing .

S Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .

C Also I . listen to pop music , R and B , and a Rap .

S My favorite singer is Adam Livece .

C My favorite singer is Adam Livece .

S These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .

C These days people care about privacy and hence personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .

S Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and powerful .

C Hence the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and more .

S The speed of life has been fastened , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or in the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .

C The pace life has been speeded up people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or at bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .

S So the need for bus has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time consuming .

C So the need for buses become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time - .

S Everyone has a car .

C Everyone has a car .

S Even kids started to learn driving at fifteen and most of the parents gift cars in their sixteenth birthday .

C Even kids start learn to drive fifteen and most gift cars on sixteenth birthday .

S We can seen determine the future of transportation by differentiating the numbers of cars and buses .

C We can see of transportation by comparing numbers of cars and buses .

S Students have started to use their own cars than the bus .

C Students have started to use their own cars rather the bus .

S So I think the future of public transportation is in darkness .

C So I think the future of public transportation is gloomy

S My favourite sport is cricket .

C My favourite sport is cricket .

S Cricket has become a part of me since when I was a kid .

C Cricket has been part of me since when I was a kid .

S Its very interesting sport .

C Its very interesting sport .

S Cricket brings a passion on me whenever and wherever its possible I find out a way to start the game .

C Cricket brings passion in . Whenever wherever it 's , find way to start the game .

S I also watch cricket patiently .

C I also watch cricket patiently .

S Its known as the gentleman 's game .

C Its known as the gentleman 's game .

S The best part of this game is batting whether someone knows or not he first prefer to bat .

C The best part of this game is batting . Whether knows how not , first prefers bat .

S Batting has its own cherish .

C Batting has its own cherish .

S So , I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .

C So , so also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowl

S Its very simple and wonderful sport .

C It 's a simple and wonderful sport .

S If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories adhered inside your body .

C If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories body .

S In India cricket is worshipped and players are the lord .

C In India , is worshipped and players are .

S The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at a single time .

C The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at the .

S I was very interested in making my career through this but due to my studies I ca n't take effort toward this .

C I was very interested in making my career through this , due to my studies , ca n't make an toward this goal

S So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .

C So , if are going to play this sport , note there are some rules and be sure that you have all the equipment you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in first .

S I hope you are going to play the best game on your part .

C I hope you are going to play the best game on your part

S Next Monday , I am going to India .

C Next Monday , I am going to India .

S I love India so much .

C I love India so much .

S MY friend was travelling there , she was talking to me about it so much .

C My went . She me about it so much .

S Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .

C Indian people make food , but it 's so spicy . Indian dance in an way .

S India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .

C India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .

S In India , it rains from June to September .

C In India , it rains from June to September .

S One day it was my dream to go there .

C It was my dream to go there one day

S I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .

C I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .

S Hi Paul !

C Hi Paul !

S I 'm writing to you to tell you that I will go to your home next month , I hope that you stay at home because I need your help , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not know what is her favourite coluor ,

C I 'm writing to you to tell you that I am coming your home next month . hope that you are home because I need your help . want buy present for Mary and I do not know what her favourite colour is

S Will you help me ?

C Will you help me ?

S What is your favourite food ?

C What is your favourite food ?

S When I will stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant , Will you ?

C When I with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant .

S You are my best friend since 1984 , When I was born near to your house .

C You have been best friend since 1984 , when was born near to your house .

S Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years , We moved here to go to the beach every day , I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer When the sun is in the sky .

C Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years . moved here to go to the beach every day . like the beach and the sun , especially in summer when sun is in the sky .

S I like dance and sing too , I 'm very happy singing in the beach , especially if you stay with me .

C I like dancing singing . 'm very happy singing on beach , especially if you are me .

S I hope to hear from you soon .

C I hope to hear from you soon .

S Regards ,

C Regards ,

S Kate

C Kate

S Yes , I think it also can educate .

C Yes , I think it can also .

S As times go by , technology is rapidly improving .

C As time , technology is rapidly improving .

S More and more gadgets are invented such as televisions , smartphones and so on .

C More and more gadgets are invented , as televisions , smartphones and so on .

S There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .

C There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .

S Using will not only gain the entertainment but also get the knowledge .

C Using will not only get also acquire

S For instance , there are numerous program that we can choose .

C For instance , there are numerous programs we can choose .

S It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze the wall all the day .

C It is a good time to turn to the entertaining programs when we feel bored and gaze at wall all .

S Television provides educated varieties of channels as well .

C Television provides a variety of educational as well .

S Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .

C Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .

S We can learn how do the different animals feed on themselves .

C We . We learn how different animals feed .

S Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant live .

C Above The above can ensure a rich and abundant

S I think after 50 years many things will change . we will learn in our homes .

C I think in years many things will change . We learn in our homes .

S we won , t have schools .

C We n't schools .

S we will do home works at home and send it to the teachers .

C We do homework home and send it to the teachers .

S they will correct our tasks and send it again to us .

C They correct our tasks and send them us again

S I think that we will order all we need on the internet .

C I think that we will order all we need on the internet .

S There wo n't be super markets .

C There wo n't be supermarkets

S It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .

C There n't be a post office because we will be able to anything Internet . All will be on the .

S Every person will have a plane .

C Every person will have a plane .

S We will go to any place by plane .

C We will go to any place by plane .

S We will have a robot servant .

C We will have a robot servant .

S They will serve us instead of human servant .

C They will serve us instead of human servants

S There will be any poor in the streets .

C There will not any poor people the streets .

S we will live happily .

C We live happily .

S I hope that the future will live peacefully and happily .

C I hope that in future we live peacefully and happily .

S Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .

C Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England two months doing volunteering in a 's and the last months travelling in the . What you think of my plan ? I not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting with children .

S The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .

C Most of all , I will have adventure in place in the . I looking forward to seeing you soon .

S I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me.it must be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .

C I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me . it an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .

S As long as you can go with me just let me know .

C If can go with me , let me know .

S your friend Amy

C Your Amy

S My favourite sport is running .

C My favourite sport is running .

S I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping , I get up and run in the playground .

C I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping . get up and run in the playground .

S I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .

C I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .

S When I am running , all preesure I undertook has gone .

C When I am running , all the felt .

S I am fill with hope .

C I am filled hope .

S I started running because I endured neck pain and my left leg is not comfortable when I sat all day .

C I started running because I suffered from pain and my left leg was comfortable when I sat all day .

S Furthermore , I want reduce my weight as well .

C Furthermore , I wanted to my weight as well .

S I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .

C I bought shoes , clothes and a watch . told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The day was painful . was tired to die I only nearly 3 km , but things became and better , and now I can 10 km .

S If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .

C If you want to start running , first you need shoes and clothes , and secondly , to a plan , like how long should I run today . Remember appropriate rest is necessary .

S Do n't make a goal that you ca n't reach , or you will lose your confidence soon .

C Do n't set goal that you ca n't achieve or you will lose your confidence soon .

S the most important thing is your willpower .

C The important thing is your willpower .

S First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?

C First I will ask a question of . If was own house , which bought of money break for reason ?

S Of course the answer is no!Everyone knows that " Earth is our home."It is bigger than a house .

C Of course the answer is no ! Everyone that " Earth is our home . " It bigger than a house .

S We have Eather first than people thanour house .

C We have Earth , , our .

S Eather is our home , we all have to protect it .

C Earth our home , we all have to protect it .

S But now people are distroy it .

C But now people are destroying .

S Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .

C Just for money more houses , if we destroy it , will all die . Our will be , house will be , will have nothing .

S Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?

C Besides , people destroy farmland build houses , if one day there is no farmland , should we eat ? Nothing that time . We n't anything!So should we do ?

S Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?

C The forest us fresh air , there are trees , what will happen ?

S We ca n't breave we will die , too !

C If we n't breathe , will die , too !

S So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !

C So my idea is that countries and the stop using , forests wetland build houses , more trees , world , our home star

S The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?

C The lecturer the paragraph that the mentioned developed by Alan Turing does answer main : Can a think ?

S First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .

C First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , challenge prove that 's test was not conclusive , and created paradox .

S He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .

C He selected people to go Chinese . There a computer in the with different . The They not understand what was on computer screen .

S Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .

C This was different original test mentioned text , where the participants were American native speakers of language . It really easy to understand what was on computer screen .

S Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the own people that submited the test .

C Second , the text support the computers were evaluated by the same that submitted test .

S Not everyone can buy a car .

C Not everyone can buy a car .

S For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .

C For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .

S For example , for the young people in College the studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .

C For example , for people in college , are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .

S Nowadays , Public Transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend to the other side of the city .

C Nowadays , public become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend on other side of the city .

S I agree , for many people travelling by car is much more convenient , however , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .

C I agree , for many people , by car is much more convenient . However in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .

S Dear Ronnie

C Dear Ronnie

S I am happy to know about you .

C I am happy to hear .

S Your plan sound great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .

C Your plan sounds and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .

S My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in August .

C My grandmother is going to visit me in July , I would prefer to in August .

S My smaller sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problem she could come with us .

C My younger wants to go to the beach , she is not a problem , could come with us .

S However she can stay at home .

C Or can stay at home .

S I think it is more fun sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .

C I think it is more fun to in your apartment . We could tell horror to each other at night , before sleeping

S Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .

C Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .

S I really like spend time on the beach but there are a lot of time so we could go to the swimming - pool if your parents say yes .

C I really like spending on the beach , there is lot of time , we could go to the swimming if your parents say yes .

S Too we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .

C Also could go to the bar to drink some juice or to eat an ice - cream .

S Do not forget to write soon

C Do n't to write soon .

S Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .

C Science , I just remember have liked but one of my favourites 1 .

S I like cars , and I like high speed that is why I love a Formula 1 races .

C I like cars , and I like high speed , is why I love 1 races .

S Formula 1 seson starts at erly spring and ends with a late autumn .

C The 1 season in and ends in .

S I try to watch every race every fournight and training a day before the race .

C I try to watch every race every fortnight the the before the race .

S I like so much Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari team driver .

C I like Ricki Rikonen so much He a Ferrari driver .

S Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very safety .

C Ricki not the fastest on the track , but he drives safely

S Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .

C Ferrari make of the fastest in world but this season are not so fast on the Formula 1 track in the past .

S If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .

C If someone , they go to Formula 1 races hear the bolid sound . think that is the best sound ever heard in my life .

S Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .

C Formula 1 also a sport . The exposed to the risk of accidents high speed .

S I wish Good lack to all Formula driver !

C I wish good all Formula 1

S Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .

C Michael is one of the most important economists the world . He written lot of books the and finance in the USA and Europe .

S He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from Italian central bank .

C He to write short essay about capital market abuse , considered travelling Italy and picking some financial data from the central bank .

S The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .

C The key idea of this essay was following : Italy in the of Berlusconi went , is trying to prevent Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .

S he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .

C He a lot of criticism because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he in his essay . Moreover , thought that he received money from the government .

S After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake

C Two years after was released , he would that his essay was wrong . Moreover Michael would to apologise to people who read his essay , , now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and to bed . , closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .

C One day , man and his wife were trying to find place that was without pollution to . They poor ; they did have the necessary resources but the husband worked hard because his wife had had accident . It day that his wife was working on campaign for the of endangered animals She to a place in search of animals . She a sound in a dark place in jungle , she went to investigate that was A that had been attacked Her only heard a shout and they found Lucy , wife of the man , floor . They she was , she answer , her partner took the doctor . There , doctor said that she was OK she hear again unless paid 1 , dollars an .

S The man has already saved 500 dollar but it is not enough .

C The man has already saved 500 dollars , it is not enough .

S The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .

C One day , the son of Lucy and her husband carve in the dirt to a game , he made holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel had belonged to of gods . So started throwing that for fun One that he took jewel it consumed mind of the little guy and that made jewel sounds that only giants could , a mountain stood that was the face of a giant and he perceived vibes , he killed guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .

S It is very easy to spend hours getting entertained by television .

C It is very easy to spend hours being by television .

S However , it is more difficult to educate .

C However , it is more difficult to be educated

S It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .

C It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .

S I have learned a lot from television .

C I have learned a lot from television .

S There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .

C There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .

S What 's more there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach , that rely on television to teach .

C What 's more , are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach rely on television to teach .

S Mistake ! !

C Mistake ! !

S oh no ! !

C Oh ! !

S How could I do this mistake ! !

C How could I make mistake ! !

S These were my first feeling when I did the mistake .

C These were my first feelings I made mistake .

S Like every one , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day little by little from mistakes .

C Like everyone I was a normal person learning & improving day by day , by little , mistakes .

S I am writing to suggest a few ways what our college can do for the environment .

C I am writing to suggest a few things college can do for the environment .

S Firstly , how can the college save energy ?

C Firstly , how can the college save energy ?

S In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possible lectures takes place in the day time .

C In order to reduce energy consumption , we arrange things that , much as possible , take in the daytime

S This would reduce energy needed for the light sources .

C This would reduce energy needed for sources .

S Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?

C Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?

S It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .

C It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .

S In order to improve the sorting , there should be a litter bins for each mentioned substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .

C In order to improve the sorting , there should be bins for each of the materials classrooms , corridors and outside .

S Furthermore , the student and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .

C Furthermore , the students tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .

S Finally , all the student should be taught lectures about the environment .

C Finally , all the students be taught the environment .

S I hope I find the answers to your question in my letter .

C I hope you the answers to your question in my letter .

S Yours sincerely

C Yours sincerely

S Zivile Jureviciute

C Zivile Jureviciute

S Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit which places people want to visit .

C Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit

S I will introduce some good places to visit .

C I will describe good places to visit .

S firstly , people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .

C Firstly for who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .

S Hongdae is most appropriate to feel free and vibrant local area in seoul .

C Hongdae is most appropriate to feel and vibrant local area in Seoul

S there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .

C There a lot of clubs pubs bars cafes and , it more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .

S Hongdae has many kinds of places thus , but you will be concerned about drunk people when the late at night .

C Hongdae has many kinds of places like this but you will be concerned about drunk people night .

S At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .

C Late at in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around streets condition

S So you need to be careful that kind of people .

C So you need to be careful of people .

S and then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu palace '

C And , let me tell you about place , Duksu Palace

S . you can experience 19 century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional custom .

C . You experience 19th Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional customs

S there was the place of the Chosun imperials queen .

C This the palace the Chosun imperial .

S The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .

C The palace is in the middle of the city , so the mood between the and today

S And also , there is gift shop and cafe .

C And also , there is a shop and a .

S I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .

C I hope you your trip to till you left country

S Thank you for your reading .

C Thank you for .

S MATHIAS :

C MATHIAS :

S Hello , how are you ?

C Hello , how are you ?

S Have you ever been to climb mountains ? that is incredible and amazing , do you like your school?your city ?

C Have you ever been mountain climbing That incredible and amazing . Do like your school ? your ?

S my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .

C My is fine and I my country better yours ; teams are better yours are the worst at , Argentina rules .

S England do n't have enithing you are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .

C England does have anything You the worst and most country in the universe .

S good bye

C Goodbye

S In conclusion , before read the article I have never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .

C In conclusion , before I the article I had realized the importance of using drama in an English class .

S For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .

C For sure , will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives the opportunity of not just learning in the classroom . More that , it the opportunity to knowledge in social life .

S With reference to recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position for the job in the campament .

C With reference to the advertisement about ' USA CAMP ' , I would like to express my interest in the position the camp

S I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .

C I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .

S I know to cook delicious meals .

C I know how cook delicious meals .

S I lived since two years in England and I speak English .

C I have for years in England and I speak English .

S Recently , I had worked babysitting since one year in a school .

C Recently , I babysitting year at school .

S I felt very happy with this job .

C I felt very happy with this job .

S I like do activities with them also I feed them .

C I like doing with them and feed them .

S I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience babaysitting also I work very well making the food .

C I think am a candidate for this job , because I like and I have experience of Also , work very well at .

S I will wait phone call you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .

C I will wait a call from to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .

S The Wheel .

C The Wheel .

S I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .

C I choose the wheel because it the most useful invention ever because , to it , made , a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The was invented at a relatively late point in history ; known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .

S In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .

C In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .

S The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .

C The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .

S ( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )

C ( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )

S I would like to visit is Germany .

C I would like to visit .

S You can think ' why this ? '

C You might , why is '

S It 's very simply .

C It 's very simple

S In the school I study German and I like the language .

C In , study German and I like the language .

S I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .

C I think it a strong language maybe a bit hard to listen to but beautiful in end .

S My teacher told me some things about the country .

C My teacher told me some things about the country .

S Added to what I know , make it attractive .

C Added to what I know , that attractive .

S To this , we have to join the food and drinks ( who do n't think this ? ) .

C To this , we have to add food and drink who does think this ? ) .

S Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prove the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in the place where was invented ?

C Apart from , who does want try authentic German beer , or the Frankfurter in the place where they were ?

S And the topic I like the most .

C And the topic I like the most ?

S The History .

C The History .

S From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .

C From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .

S It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .

C It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries

S You can think anything but I think that is the better part of Germany .

C You can think what you like , I think that is the best of Germany .

S Family plays an important role in our lives .

C Family plays an important role in our lives .

S Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .

C Family are the people never you alone . They you love and happiness . They your day ! They our best friends as well as our .

S First of all , friends are important for us , we want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .

C First of all , friends are important for us . We a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .

S But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .

C But friends may away in the future hurt you ! So ca n't always rely them ! For , they need you until they find someone better than you and , the end , go away .

S But family never let you go or family never go away from you !

C But family never let you go and never go away from you !

S However , the family is near you since the day you were born until forever .

C However , the is near you from day you were born until forever .

S The members follow you , and can based on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .

C The members follow you , and you rely them . You can tell whatever you want to them .

S For example , if you are in a bad mood the first person that will come next to you , to make you smile is your mom or dad .

C For example , if you are in a bad mood , first person that will come you make you smile is your mom or dad .

S Mom and dad spent their life to grow up their children , to feed them , to love them !

C Mom and dad spend life children , , !

S In conclusion , Members of your family an important role in your life !

C In conclusion , members your family play important role in your life !

S In the last years was improved the public transport system .

C In recent , public transport system has been improved

S In the last edition of Pur Plus occurred an important discussion about the next plan of cities .

C In the last edition of Pur Plus , was important discussion about the next plan for .

S It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .

C It was by politician , an economist and two environmentalists

S They were talking about the problems of the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .

C They were talking about the problems with public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .

S These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .

C These people , those who in a city , do not take their car or do have .

S This is a new age , which we live .

C This is a new age in we live .

S So will follow problems of these habits .

C So , there be because these habits .

S This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .

C This makes me wonder a future for old public transport system or whether we create new system .

S One argument of these topic , that more and more people live in cities .

C One argument is more and more people live in cities .

S There going to following some problems .

C There are to be problems .

S One of these are the jams .

C One of these is .

S Everybody own a car and nobody rent a car .

C Everybody owns car and nobody rents car .

S The car sharing system is n't common .

C The car sharing system is n't common .

S So will following more jams , if we do not change our habits .

C So there be traffic we do not change our habits .

S The results , which will follow , will be the pollution of the environment .

C The result the pollution of the environment .

S So we need a new system .

C So we need a new system .

S There should be a ban of cars .

C There should be a ban on .

S So we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .

C So , will stop traffic as a consequence environmental problems

S But now we need more buses or another faster public transport systems .

C But now we need more buses or another faster public transport system

S But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy the environment .

C But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy environment .

S Introduction

C Introduction

S Have you drank under the legal drinking age in this past month ?

C Have you drunk the legal drinking age in this past month ?

S If yes , then you are one in the other 8.7 billion who have also drank under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .

C If yes , then you are one of who have also drunk the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .

S Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .

C Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they get into trouble with the law , they cause harm to and others and could a higher risk of alcohol dependency in their .

S transport at Sudan is so expensive we suffer from the less and expensive transport here .

C transport in is so expensive . We from the less and expensive transport here .

S there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi

C There many kinds transport , as buses , small cars called amgad and taxis .

S This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .

C This is an interesting because believe my family are best friends , at the same time , are not my friends .

S My family is my best friends because they realy takes care off me when I needed them to .

C My family are best friends because they really of when I need to .

S They looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .

C They look and help me when I am in trouble

S THis is important because it is important to have somebody to rely of .

C This important , it is important to have somebody to rely on

S But my family is not my best friends because you chose you friends but you do not chosen you family .

C But my family are my best friends , you choose , you do not choose .

S After all , family and friends are important .

C After all , family and friends are important .

S The two maps show the changes which had taken place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .

C The two maps show the changes which took in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .

S Generally it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it before .

C Generally , can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it had been .

S first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residential city with two forests .

C First all , in 1995 , a residential city with two forests .

S the two green area in the north - west and south - east concern had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .

C The green areas the north - west and south - east corners been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .

S No one can deny how much sport is very important to our life health .

C No one can deny how important sport is our .

S my favourite sport is squash .

C My sport is squash .

S I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .

C I started sport when was 10 years old . where was also playing this sport but he started it when he was older me . was about 30 years old . where one of those that can be played at age . love this game because I find it at same time . We a space our in stretched different ways , same time we needs quick as much any you will find down the road .

S I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .

C I think that anyone to start a should squash gives a healthy body . same time , sport can be played for a long period of time caring about .

S squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports

C Squash played individually , two players together , in a of 4 players . squash of the very nice attractive .

S SWIMMING THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD

C SWIMMING . BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD

S I have praticed swimming for 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .

C I have practised for 3 years . am a good swimmer and I have competed in different tournaments

S The swimming is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .

C Swimming my favorite sport because , sport , train my whole . It very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .

S My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .

C My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he the best swimmer in the world , I hope that he to the in de Janeiro in 2016 .

S I need pratice for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Phelps .

C I need to practise the best swimmer in the world like Phelps .

S My favorite style is the butterfly and I always pratice this style because I want to improve .

C My favorite style is the butterfly and I always practise style because I want to improve .

S I want to compete in United States in the most important tournament , in this competition participate the best swimmers of the world .

C I want to compete in the States in the most important tournament . The best swimmers in the world participate in this competition

S Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .

C Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .

S Nowadays it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .

C Nowadays , is easier to use the car instead of public transport .

S Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .

C Although transport is cheap more environmentally friendly it as comfortable as the car .

S Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .

C Except in big cities , is not an easy way to get city . That that in the future even more people will stop using it .

S In these diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .

C In the below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .

S The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .

C In the step , the bank notes have to designed color , artwork and security issues . the design been , skilled machinists in the second step .

S Then , sheets of bank notes would be printed by 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour imagines on both sides in special ink .

C Then , sheets of bank notes are bank notes per sheet , which have colour images both sides in special ink .

S After printing well , these sheets would be manually inspected closely .

C After printing well , these sheets are manually inspected

S It was the most important step during the whole processing .

C It is most important step during the whole processing .

S And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .

C And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which into individual bank notes separated into equal ones and packed despatched where they are needed

S Another ones which were bad sheets and bad bank notes from damaged apparently , would be destroyed securely .

C Other , are sheets and bad bank notes , are apparently , securely .

S This was the whole working process of the bank notes and it was consist of 7 steps .

C This is whole working process of the bank notes and it consists 7 steps .

S The sport is one of the best forms to be healthy and make some exercise .

C Sport one of the best ways be healthy and do exercise .

S You can play it with your friends and have a good time .

C You can play it with your friends and have a good time .

S The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running but I prefer to play tennis .

C The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running , I prefer to play tennis .

S My favourite sport is playing tennis .

C My favourite sport is .

S I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .

C I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .

S I had been playing tennis from 2 years ago with two of my best friends .

C I have playing tennis since years ago with two of my best friends .

S I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .

C I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .

S I am not very good at all but I like to play it with my friends and do matches on Saturdays .

C I am not very good at all , I like to play it with my friends and play on Saturdays .

S For new tennis players I recommend to know how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to put your feet .

C For new tennis players , recommend to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to place feet .

S They will have to concentrate on game and enjoy it .

C They will have to concentrate on the and enjoy it .

S In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .

C In today 's class , we were discussing not we agree with often football

S For me , as a passionated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to consider .

C For me , as a passionate it is a good point consider .

S I recommand to the Clubs , be warned .

C I recommend the clubs be warned .

S For instance Christiano Ronaldo .

C For instance Christiano Ronaldo .

S For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .

C For him , as one of the top sheld the it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .

S He is arrogant .

C He is arrogant .

S He does not Need another one , but he likes the colour .

C He does not need one , but he likes the colour .

S This way of thining he also Shows in game time .

C This way of thinking , also shows time .

S He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .

C He does not chase the ball , does not fight to keep . really needed money he would behave totally differently

S What influences does this salaries have on the Clubs is quite simple .

C What influences do have on the clubs quite simple .

S They sell the tricots for 20 Euros more per Piece than last season .

C They sell the strips 20 Euros more per piece last season .

S By this aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy the best Team fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .

C By this action Ronaldo or Messie be paid it is possible to buy the best team league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment

S But consider the reaction of the fans .

C But consider the reaction of the fans .

S For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their Teams at any home game .

C For them it is not possible anymore to rule their teams any home game .

S The tickets are to expensive .

C The tickets are too .

S The Anger will spoil over someday .

C The anger boil someday .

S This makes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a certain Group of fans - Hooligans .

C This makes football soccer more exclusive a certain group fans - hooligans

S As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubs .

C As a result of these it is an uncertain way to go the clubs

S If it stays on a certain Lever , no fan will complain about higher Prices .

C If it stays at certain level no fan will complain about higher prices

S But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .

C But if the prices , no one the games anymore .

S The aim is to find a balanced way .

C The aim is to find a balanced way .

S Business in My Home Country

C Business in My Home Country

S In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and custom .

C In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and customs

S For example , restaurant business and technology industry is totally different in Taiwan .

C For example , the business and the industry are different in Taiwan .

S In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .

C In this the have started our lives So people like to drink coffee or have tea .

S That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .

C That is why many businessmen to win competition , so they have so many special offers like if you go , you can one get one free .

S Apparently , restaurant business is creative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .

C Apparently , the business is creative and marketing - oriented Taiwan .

S In contrast , there are two different type of company in the technology industry .

C In contrast , there are two different types company in the technology industry .

S One is original equipment manufacturer , like Foxconn , workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executive in Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .

C One is original equipment manufacturers like Foxconn . Workers the company always need to do the same thing and the executives also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .

S Although they produce high quality products they receive a little money and have high pressure in work .

C Although they produce high quality products , receive money and do - .

S The other one is original brand manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .

C The other one is original brand manufacturers like htc . They a lot of new smartphones and sell them

S In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .

C Three four years ago , htc made much money in , Taiwan and Japan .

S The company likes to produce new products and use high salary to hire great talents .

C The company likes to produce new products and uses salaries hire great talent

S So htc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .

C So , has become energetic and bold in making .

S In Taiwan , many young people want to enter htc .

C In Taiwan , many young people want to join .

S Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .

C Finally , Taiwan is suffering slump , but we have so many businesses that innovate and their products and like buy them

S I think Taiwan will be recovery in the near future .

C I think Taiwan will the near future .

S One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .

C One evening , it was a blisteringly day but still had to my friends '

S I was dressed in nice suit , going to this party .

C I was dressed in a suit go this party .

S There were so many people talking to each other .

C There were so many people talking to each other .

S I did n't want to chat with them first .

C I did n't want to chat with them at .

S Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for , my friend , a bride .

C Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for friend , the .

S I wanted to know how beautiful the woman was .

C I wanted to see beautiful the woman was .

S As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people kept silent abruptly .

C As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people fell abruptly .

S I glanced at the groom jealously .

C I glanced at the groom jealously .

S How lucky he could marry her .

C How lucky he could marry her .

S I maintain a good - looking face , keeping fit .

C I have good - looking face , keep .

S It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .

C It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .

S I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl live with me to living alone .

C I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl living me to living alone .

S However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .

C However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .

S I was overwhelmed with grief .

C I was overwhelmed with grief .

S I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .

C I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .

S Accordingly , I drifted to the party , going home alone .

C As a result I drifted away from party , going home alone .

S However , I was too dizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .

C However , I was too dizzy to walk so that I took a taxi

S I fell asleep immediately .

C I fell asleep immediately .

S The driver set me to a place where he know .

C The driver took to a place knew

S When I woke up , not doing know why I stayed the police office .

C When I woke up , I did n't why I was at police station

S Dear Mrs Kate Asbhy ,

C Dear Mrs ,

S I 'm Patricia Agüero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay my study .

C I 'm Patricia Agüero . have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay for studies

S First I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .

C First , think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different of food . In , last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi

S In addition I love dealing with people , I 'm very sociable .

C In addition , love dealing with people . 'm very sociable .

S On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .

C Also , 'm used to working hours . As matter of fact , the I have in many restaurants .

S I hope your answer soon .

C I look forward to receiving answer soon .

S Best wishes

C Best wishes

S Patricia

C Patricia

S one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .

C One , to go out , he called his best friend going together His agreed , so Michael put on clothes went and closed the door , at that he knew he had made a mistake .

S he forgot the key inside the home !

C He left key inside his

S what should he do ?

C What he do ?

S hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .

C He to his father 's got of the house key .

S when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled

C When got , was late and the meeting canceled .

S It is very true .

C It is very true .

S There is no future for public transport .

C There is no future for public transport .

S But not so many people have a driver license .

C But not so many people have a driver 's .

S They have to use public transport .

C They have to use public transport .

S The public transport can connect people .

C Public can connect people .

S You can meet every kind of people .

C You can meet all people .

S It 's some kind of socializing .

C It 's a of socializing .

S The public transport is cheaper than the car .

C Public is cheaper than a .

S hello , my name is victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .

C Hello my name is Victor I am going to talk to you about myself .

S I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .

C I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have all over world and during experience , I have seen necessity to finance journey , so then have dedicated myself working summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of .

S I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .

C I have other qualities like , cooking like a chef or even better than that . am the person this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way teach everything you know to other people and help them improve as a .

S I always do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .

C I always do exercise . In morning I like to run the beach , in evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .

S so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker

C So , conclusion , I think that if you contract me you will get an excellent an excellent worker .

S I think it is true that the public transport there is not future , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .

C I think it is true that is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .

S In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .

C In my opinion , more expensive and it is less comfortable than , because a is faster than .

S The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .

C Public times , whereas car to its destination .

S Today the people use the application " blah blah car " .

C Today , people use the app blah blah car " .

S it is an application that the people use for save gas and money .

C It an app use to gas and money .

S I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .

C I believe that in the begin to travel in cars often they will less transport , train , the bus , the , etc .

S The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .

C The problem that I see this , that in the future there be more pollution , because there will be a lot of .

S Online Lerning

C Online Learning

S Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .

C Positive about learning that are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't to carry so much paper with you . Also , 're your own and at own learning , it more specific user themself Maybe 're comfortable your Smartphone than paper

S Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .

C Negatives learning that 're listening to much from a person and more from a Computer . If n't any listening things in the app you do n't to pronounce the words . In personal opinion , its to learn a not only because learn pronounce the words correctly , but also learn a person , which , my opinion , better . I spend enough on smartphones , I n't it 's best if we use them to learn well .

S For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .

C For words , it 's , all the grammar talking , you need a teacher .

S I love Grey 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show has been beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .

C I love Grey 's Anatomy . This supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show is because of the soap opera drama parts .

S Therefore , I would like to highly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .

C Therefore , I would like to firmly that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .

S The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in hospital .

C The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face which are easy solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in a .

S I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .

C I used to think I did n't like operas because they , out of date and not worth but this was just prejudice .

S My mother also like this show .

C My mother also likes show .

S Today 's television is really good .

C Today 's television is really good .

S It shows you movies , news and the new products .

C It shows you movies , news and products .

S The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example sfter School .

C The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example ,

S And then they just show products specially for children .

C And then they just show products specially for children .

S So at a Special time is a special advertisement for this age group .

C So , a special there a special advertisement for this age group .

S But it also shows the new products .

C But it also shows the new products .

S Advertisement is important for the economy .

C Advertising important for the economy .

S Exept some good movies they also show a lot of rubbish .

C Except for good movies , also show a lot of rubbish .

S Or sometimes you see during the day horror movies which should not be .

C Or sometimes during the day you see movies which should not be on

S Who wants that their child sees this ?

C Who wants child to see

S Of course you can make a child lock on the TV but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .

C Of course , can put child lock on the TV , if look hard enough for some you will find some

S Every day they show the news .

C Every day they show the news .

S So you know what is going on in the world .

C So you know what is going on in the world .

S I think they show it four times a day .

C I think they show it four times a day .

S I would say if you know how and when to use a TV it is good but specially for young people who think it is a good entertainment to watch the whole day .

C I would say if you know how and when to use a TV , is good , especially young people who think it is entertainment to watch the whole day .

S The TV people know what to play that the children get addicted to the TV .

C The TV people know what to broadcast so get addicted to .

S Attitude about schools in Colombia and Australia .

C Attitude to in Colombia and Australia .

S The attitude of Colombians about the educations system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .

C The attitude of Colombians to education is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .

S In the same way Australians have a different attitude about their education system .

C In the same way , have a different attitude to education system .

S However the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .

C However , attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .

S In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .

C In Colombia , people have a high opinion , there are some others that have a very low opinion

S This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .

C This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio economic levels makes and divided attitudes education .

S Similarly , Australians have a different attitude about the education system .

C Similarly , Australians have a different attitude to education system .

S This is depending on the believes and the cultures of the people .

C This depends the beliefs the culture the people .

S This attitude is more based on the backgrounds of the people rather than the system itself .

C This attitude is based more the backgrounds of the people rather than on system itself .

S Today I am very exciting because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .

C Today I am very excited on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .

S I go with my older sister , daddy and mommy .

C I am going my older sister , daddy and mommy .

S We will have a good time there .

C We will have a good time there .

S I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .

C I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .

S We enjoy so much .

C We enjoy it much .

S Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building house , which accour for some debation .

C Recently , there is a growing country environment is destroyed by building houses which accour some debate

S Many would argue that its disadvantages have already dispersed advantages , and many others veto this view .

C Many would argue that its disadvantages have already outweighed the , and many others disagree with view .

S With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .

C With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the and cultural diversity , the need is increasing for building much - needed housing and transport networks .

S Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significient symbol for the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probems .

C Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significant of development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of problems

S In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some tresses and flowers before buliding the house .

C In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some trees flowers before the house is built

S What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .

C What is worse the space up by house is some animals lived before , so they lost their homes which become the houses of people . Nevertheless the earth does only belong the human race

S Secondly , building more houses not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .

C Secondly , building more houses is so much because of living by people but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of a is too expensive the ordinary .

S For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying low price and selling high price , although they have house to live .

C For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen more money by buying at a price and selling at a price , although they have a to live in

S Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .

C Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .

S Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by setting certain law .

C Therefore , no longer on the acts unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts imposing laws

S In a word , the government may appeal in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .

C In a word , the government should to people some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only focus personal profit .

S Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .

C Nowadays people usually use a every day actually for most of the daily , the fact that there is a amount of people that travel on transport .

S The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .

C Cars of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , and York this has to change .

S Using the public transport is " healthier " than the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .

C Using transport is " healthier " than using for the environment because twenty - three humans can travel on a bus it only one vehicle , but would be twenty cars .

S Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .

C Also , think that travelling cars is faster than on transport and I agree with that , the bus or the underground is always stopping at different stations , so in this way , car is better .

S In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .

C will use transport , not always , more than the car , you travel slower , I want to save our planet so coming can live in good conditions .

S My favourite sport

C My favourite sport

S I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and for that reason tennis is my favourite sport .

C I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and , that reason , is my favourite sport .

S The main reason by which I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .

C The main reason why like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .

S Tennis is not a coletive sport .

C Tennis is not a team .

S There are necessary just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but yourself .

C There are two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but you

S That 's why you can control your limits .

C That 's why you can control your limits .

S Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as on football match for example , to play tennis .

C Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as for a match , example , to play tennis .

S Sometimes it is difficult to join so many fellows to practise a coletive sport .

C Sometimes it is difficult to get many people practise a team .

S Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if man or woman .

C In contrast for tennis match you need just one , and it n't matter if it is a or a .

S The exception is in a match of double .

C The exception is in a doubles match

S Even that you have to find only three more players in this case .

C Even then , only have to find more players in this case .

S But , although all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care with some dangerous situations .

C But , despite these advantages , the tennis player has to take care in dangerous situations .

S For example , never starts a match without a warm up because you can suffer serious muscular injury .

C For example , never start match without a warm up , you can suffer serious muscular injury .

S It happened with me once and was very unconfortably .

C It happened to once and was very uncomfortable

S Another very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .

C Another very common is falling the court , can cause dangerous scratches .

S In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .

C In spite of risks , I recommend this sport to is in condition .

S Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise and start to enjoy .

C Buy a good racket , put on pair of good shoes , find someone to practise with start to enjoy yourself

S Dear Sir or Madam

C Dear Sir or Madam

S Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,

C With reference your advertisement , would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . am John from the capital city of a of .

S I worked in middle aged school for about 2 years , where I had experience which will be suitable for the current position .

C I worked in a for about 2 years , where I gained which would suitable for the current position .

S as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !

C As worked in a kitchen as a part - time job , gained of basic cooking methods , and it might .

S I believe that this job suitable for me !

C I believe that this job is for me .

S herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !

C Herewith enclose my CV can see in attachment .

S I am interested in work new work environment , kindly reply

C I am interested in working work environment , kindly reply

S thanking you !

C Thank !

S yours truly

C Yours

S John

C John

S Hi my friend !

C Hi my friend !

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S Thank you very much for your last letter .

C Thank you very much for your last letter .

S It is very nice that you remembe me .

C It is very nice that you remember .

S Now I want to tell you about my summer work in local cinema .

C Now I want to tell you about my summer job a cinema .

S This is very cool experience for me .

C This was a cool experience for me .

S You should come to my city and will enjoy .

C You should come to my city and will enjoy it

S All this started on Juli .

C All this started in

S I looked for every day some summer work and I found excellent option .

C I looked every day for summer work and I found an option .

S I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .

C I needed money which I could my semester

S The first day was very nice .

C The first day was very nice .

S Everybody was friendly to me .

C Everybody was friendly to me .

S They explained all services procedures .

C They explained all the

S Second day was awful .

C The second was awful .

S I did not know what going on .

C I did not know what was on .

S My clients was very impolite .

C My clients were impolite .

S I could not cope with the responsibilities .

C I could not cope with the responsibilities .

S But my good men tell me one important sentence .

C But my good men one important sentence .

S This job would be boring if every day wolud be nice .

C This job would be boring if every day was .

S He comforted me .

C He comforted me .

S And now , I am happy .

C And now , I am happy .

S In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .

C In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .

S I konw that you are like me .

C I know you are like me .

S And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !

C And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !

S Best wishes your broo Bartek !

C Best wishes your bro !

S Dear Paul

C Dear Paul

S Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .

C Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .

S I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience in professional music equipment .

C I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience with music equipment .

S I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .

C I encountered small problems during the concert , we them easily to the team with whom I .

S Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .

C Pleasure of concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of ages , the young to elderly , have forgotten their and are enjoying same concert as if not and be separate .

S The experience is an unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .

C The experience is and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .

S Your friend Pogan

C Your friend Pogan

S When they were together , they knew that his history was about to finish .

C When they were together , they knew that this about to end

S They could live with this fact .

C They could live with this fact .

S People surprised to know his relation was broken for so long .

C People were to know his relationship been for so long .

S They seemed happy to share their life .

C They seemed happy to share their life .

S Never nobody heard any discussion .

C Nobody ever any arguing

S They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was strange image that end But that was the sad reality .

C They were always friendly , and so kind ... that it strange to ending . that was the sad reality .

S Then had to decide with who would stay their cat .

C They to decide who their cat would stay with

S They met with the layer .

C They met with the lawyer

S They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .

C They presented arguments to get the custody and the lawyer to very carefully to decide they could have the cat .

S The cat had to go to the animal residency and they had to pay the expenses .

C The cat had to go to the animal home they had to pay the expenses .

S The meeting ended .

C The meeting ended .

S Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake

C Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .

S Michael made a very bad mistake ....

C Michael made a very bad mistake ....

S There are the most bad mistake that he does in all your life ....

C It worst that he had made all his ....

S Her mom would kill him !

C His would kill him !

S But first , I will tell you all the story since the beginning .

C But first , I will tell you the whole from beginning .

S Michael was a boy very intelligent .

C Michael was a very intelligent boy

S He was the best student in her class .

C He was the best student in his .

S The boy had a mother .

C The boy had a mother .

S Mia that was her name .

C Mia her name .

S She always asks to Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .

C She always told never disrespect people are at the door and always be polite .

S Mia could n't accept when some behave badly .

C Mia could n't accept it someone .

S And Michael said every time that he never will do that .

C And Michael said every time that he would never that .

S But , one day day , Mia think that she could do a test .

C But , one day Mia thought she could conduct test .

S She would get dressed as an old woman .

C She would get dressed up an old woman .

S So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .

C So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .

S Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way home .

C Then she put on disguise old woman and made way home .

S Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .

C Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael opened door and Mia asked he had cup of water to give him and he said no would he a cup of water to an old person

S In this moment , Mia took away her cover and Michael sad :

C At , Mia took off disguise Michael said

S OMG !

C OMG !

S These is the most mistake I did in all my life !

C This the worst I have made all my life !

S The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because the society was governed and supported for the president .

C The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because was governed and supported by president .

S In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .

C In later times society felt need for change because of that were committed the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes the building was because the government and country did n't money for construction , to the point that building 's structure used for .

S After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution

C After the revolution , construction will be used success the .

S Almost every family have a car now .

C Almost every family has car now .

S They use these car to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .

C They use these cars travel , for shopping , to drive to work .

S It is so much more convenient .

C It is so much more convenient .

S Only in the big city , people use public transport to will not be traffic .

C Only in the big city , people use public transport to be in .

S My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted not together .

C My mother and my father had a fight with other . to be .

S They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .

C They even asked me I wanted to go with They my hands , wanted to with but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .

S I wanted we can live together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .

C I wanted us to able to together forever . They of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .

S I thinked these things .

C I thought things .

S Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .

C Finally , I cried , because I could n't make choice . My and my mother saw me not to going , and they said to each other and me .

S Hi Peter !

C Hi Peter !

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S I 'm happy for you !

C I 'm happy for you !

S I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you put aside money to buy something really important to you .

C I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money on you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you could aside the to buy something really important to you .

S If I were you I wait to spend the money .

C If I were you , would to spend the money .

S Let me know what you decide .

C Let me know what you decide .

S See you soon .

C See you soon .

S When I was at university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim . because I did n't have to swim in my life .

C When I was a student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim , I did n't have to swim in my life .

S so I decided to learn swim for summer vacation .

C So decided to learn to for the vacation .

S First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .

C First , I registered at swimming pool , I went back to the swimming pool every day early in the .

S After 6 months I could swim well until now .

C After 6 months , could swim well until now

S so I satisfied my decision at 13 years ago .

C so I satisfied my ambition ago .

S Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .

C Nowadays , usually go to the swimming pool at weekends

S Sometimes I got rid of my stress .

C Sometimes I get of my stress .

S I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .

C I think best my life because you can use your your whole body

S So you could a lose weight and gained muscles .

C So you can and gain .

S Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .

C Some of my friends n't want to shown their body to a lot of students do do .

S We did n't have to enough time today .

C We do have time today ,

S but I always said my friends " If you want to have fit body , you will register swimming pool .

C but I always say to friends " If you want to have a body , you should at a pool .

S " So many friends learend to swim .

C " So many friends learned swim .

S Dear Dana ,

C Dear Dana ,

S Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .

C Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .

S The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students results in this year .

C The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students ' year .

S One straight observation was the low number of students that have taken the math course .

C One straight was the low number of students that have taken the math course .

S We wondered if some work need to be done to increase the student attendance in the math courses .

C We wondered if some work needs be done to increase the student attendance on math courses .

S The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .

C The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .

S It is true that there are five stages in the whole process.we can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .

C It is true that there are five stages in the whole process . We see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .

S looking at the information in more detail .

C Looking the information in more detail .

S Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .

C Initially , bank notes be considered in terms of design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the of metal plates is the stage . be skilled . Thereafter , the next is printing . worker pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images

S subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .

C Subsequently , the next is the important . The bank be inspected . The bank are into good and bad . If they good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At stage , should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they bad sheets , the is disposal . The bad and bank notes are destroyed .

S The diagrams show bank notes how to make , there are four steps to make the bank notes .

C The diagrams show how to make bank notes . There four steps to making .

S First , the bank notes are designed by consider , thinking from background colour , artwork , security issues .

C First , the bank notes are designed by considering , artwork , and issues .

S Then , the metal plates are preparated by skilled machinists .

C Then , the metal plates are prepared skilled machinists .

S And then , the sheets are printed , operator should pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .

C And then , the sheets are printed . Operators to attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images

S Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .

C Third , this is the most important step : are inspected , are classified into categories

S The number one called good quality sheets , they will be packed and dispatched .

C The first is good quality sheets . They be packed and dispatched .

S The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .

C The next is partially damaged sheets and bank notes are good and bad . Good will be cut separate bank notes and packed ; bad ones be destroyed by fire

S The number three called bad sheets , they will be securely destroyed .

C The third category is bad sheets . They be securely destroyed .

S This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .

C This is of making bank notes , and the operator pay attention to the printed sheets and to inspect them

S These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce paper money into the application .

C These pictures us what detailed steps are taken by bank to produce paper money into the application

S Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes which make it different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .

C Before the production , they have to about the design including background color , artwork and codes which make them from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .

S On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .

C The most important step the inspection hand That to say , they should be separated into good , which are to be cut into bank notes delivered to the banks , the bad ones , ca n't be utilised and burnt last stage .

S In a words , the processing of making money to banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .

C In a word the process making money for is very creative and serious , even rigid .

S I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .

C I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .

S Wake up world .

C Wake up world .

S Look at you .

C Look at yourselves

S Rise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that the life is giving us .

C Raise nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that is giving us .

S Read a book or play football if that is what you like .

C Read a book or play football if that is what you like .

S We are architects of our own destruction .

C We are architects of our own destruction .

S We have to live our life .

C We have to live our lives

S You ca n't live only on Facebook .

C You ca n't live only on Facebook .

S YOLO !

C YOLO !

S YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !

C YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !

S I think public transport do n't lost .

C I think public transport is lost .

S for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .

C For I do n't have a car , usually use a train to get to school .

S I think that is enough .

C I think that is enough .

S If I will go travel I think a car is very useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .

C If I travelling think a car is very useful , driving distance is very tiring

S Consequently , you ca n't fun travel .

C Consequently , you ca n't enjoy

S Children ca n't get a car license thus children use Public transport .

C Children ca n't get a driver 's , use public .

S Of course , Do n't have a car license people ca n't drive a car .

C Of course , if people have a driver 's , n't drive a car .

S Accordingly , I think need public transport .

C Therefore I think we public transport .

S I think that members of our family ca n't be our best Friends , because maybe we do not have the same confidence that we have in our Friends .

C I think that members of our family ca n't be our best friends because maybe we do not have the same trust we have in our friends

S For example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is very important to you , but you do not want your family know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .

C For example , maybe you have a personal situation is very important to you , but you do not want your family to about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .

S I think it depends on the situation , on the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best Friends , you can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .

C I think it depends on the situation . On other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best friends You tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .

S I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy .

C I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy

S But also when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .

C But also , I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .

S Actually I realize that busynes is not for the major , everybody know Tec is very demanandant and if you wanna be there you must work hard .

C Actually , realize that business not for the major , everybody knows very demanding if you want to there , must work hard .

S I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .

C I dream Administrator when I 'm . First , want to work for sports company like and then I may have a little variety on works

S Finally I hope to get my own business .

C Finally , hope to have own business .

S Family members are the people who will company us in our whole life .

C Family members are the people who will accompany throughout whole lives

S Compare to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us the most .

C Compared our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us

S They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .

C They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .

S Family members are the most important and best friends in our life .

C Family members are the most important and best friends in our lives

S First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits the most .

C First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits

S Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer up your mind and always support you when you are in trouble .

C Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer you up always support you when you are in trouble .

S Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .

C Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .

S Families realize our mind so much ; However , our classmates or companies ca n't reach that because they do n't stay with us all the time .

C Families understand minds much . , our classmates or colleagues n't achieve because they do n't stay with us all the time .

S Only families can know us the most because they live with us when we came to this world .

C Only family members know us best they live with us from we come world .

S Final , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .

C Finally family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .

S They always give you what we like to eat .

C They always give you what you to eat .

S In addition , they always supply much food to us so that we wo n't stay hungry .

C In addition , they always supply us with lot of that we wo n't be .

S Besides , eating with our families are one of the most happiness things in our life .

C Besides , eating with our families is of the happiest in our lives

S In conclusion , only family members know what we are most deeply .

C In conclusion , only family members know who are most deeply .

S Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact forever .

C Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact with .

S Because of the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !

C For reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !

S Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .

C Tennis . Tennis not just sport anyone can play , it 's a sport and it hard training more time to be perfect at . First , did choose tennis ? , 2003 it first time watching game on TV when I saw Roger . think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his movement the ball . From , was interested in this game and watching all the so more time , time and time is favourite .

S my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game

C My is to patient , be smart . This is easy and lot of a lot of to be one of the greatest players game .

S MY BEST FRIEND

C MY BEST FRIEND

S I met my best friend , Aisha , at a friend 's in common party six years ago , when we were 25 .

C I met my best friend , Aisha , at a mutual friend 's six years ago , when we were 25 .

S While I was dancing she pushed my by accident , she did n't noticed it so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .

C While I was dancing , pushed my by accident , she did n't notice , I thought she was an arrogant person at first .

S But , when our friend in common introduce her to me I realized that she was a funny and nice person .

C But , when our mutual friend to me , realized that she was a nice , funny .

S Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .

C Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .

S Her parties are always the best .

C Her parties are always the best .

S She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .

C She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .

S She is also a good listener , she always know what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .

C She is also a good listener . She knows to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .

S Aisha is in his therties .

C Aisha is in her

S She 's from Marocco , so she has Arabian features , for example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and black expresives big eyes .

C She 's from Morocco so she has Arabian features . For , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive .

S She is tanned and has a slim complexion .

C She is tanned and has a slim build

S Dear Redaction ,

C Dear Editor

S I have just read , that you need reviews of soaps opera .

C I have just read you need reviews of soap

S I have one favourite soap opera .

C I have a soap opera .

S This is a ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .

C It Beverly Hills 90210 ' .

S I love this film , because it shows teenagers life .

C I love this soap opera because it shows teenagers '

S And I like see how they look like .

C And I like seeing look like .

S I like their style and live .

C I like their style and lives

S They learn at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .

C They study school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .

S Most of all I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .

C Most of all , like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .

S And she wears the best clothes ever !

C And she wears the best clothes ever !

S I would like to be like she .

C I would like to be like her

S I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what think , eat , wear from this soap opera .

C I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what to , eat , wear from this soap opera .

S My best friend is my sister .

C My best friend is my sister .

S Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .

C Although I have 5 members in family , of those is my real friend .

S She did a lot for me , my life

C She has done lot for me in .

S .

C .

S In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the fact .

C In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the facts

S First of all , although travelling by car become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .

C First of all , although travelling by car has more convenient , the growing population vehicles to manage .

S The traffic jam becomes more and more serious as far .

C The traffic jams and more serious

S Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .

C Cities such Beijing , a in China , face salient traffic . As , the had to encourage to to work by public transport such as bus and subway .

S Apparently , this method has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .

C Apparently , this measure made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .

S So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .

C So , transport plays important role in our daily life . has on

S Craiova

C Craiova

S Introduction

C Introduction

S The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .

C The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .

S The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have been visiting these places .

C The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have visited places .

S Town center

C Town center

S In the town center there are most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region " the Albastirca " .

C In the town center there are the attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region ; the Albastirca " .

S Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than only one bar .

C Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than just bar .

S There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .

C There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .

S Pluses

C Pluses

S What 's more about the town is that it is n't lacking shopping facilities .

C Another good thing the town is that it is n't lacking in facilities .

S It has a big mall that has been recently opened up , and it contains everything the visitors might need .

C It has a big mall that has recently been and it contains everything the visitors might need .

S On the other the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has been recently opened .

C On the other hand , mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has recently been .

S Conclusions

C Conclusions

S To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .

C To sum , strongly suggest that stay as long possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .

S Some people say there is no future for public transportation but I do n't think so .

C Some people say there is no future for public transportation , I do n't think so .

S People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .

C People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .

S Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .

C Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .

S Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which were convenience for the majority .

C Moreover , it is more appropriate start constructing roads which are the majority .

S first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .

C First favorite sport is football I it many reasons . For , you are watching a match , excited entertained Besides , the best football , Leo He the best and he 's to do stuff when he 's playing .

S Yesterday morning a group of American tourist went to a bike ride for through the center of Buenos Aires City .

C Yesterday morning , group of American tourists for bike ride the center of Buenos Aires City .

S One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .

C One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle . He to be years

S The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .

C The man armed , steal a .

S But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .

C But he not be fixed the man had camera on head and his was filmed .

S He was furious because the American do n't understand what he would say .

C He was furious because the American did understand what he

S The tourist was surprised to see a gun , the robber forced the man in the street and then the tourist put to run .

C The tourist was surprised to see a gun . The forced the man onto street and then the tourist put to run

S He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep his gun .

C He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep gun .

S The man run to where his friends and sought a police .

C The man ran where his friends were sought a police officer

S They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .

C They found a police officer it and made a . The continued the bike ride and returned to hotel totally terrified

S After two days and with the help of the filming the gunman was captured and brought to justice .

C After two days and with the help of the filming , gunman was captured and brought to justice .

S Now he was arrested and charged before a magistrate for the robbery , waiting for his sentence .

C Then was arrested and charged with the robbery before a magistrate and is for his sentence .

S The tourists return to his country very scared .

C The tourists returned their very scared .

S How can I start ? should i start with speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?

C How should start ? Should by about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?

S It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .

C It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .

S Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .

C Let 's take me as an example . am a 25-year - girl who from the of engineering and wants travel to Germany to complete my studies , I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .

S I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .

C I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .

S College is the only place where i feel I am special that is why i always like to there .

C College is the only place where I I am special . That why I like to be .

S How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .

C How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .

S Today , because of our progress of industry , we produced so many environmental problems that had n't appeared before .

C Today , because of the of industry , we have caused many environmental problems that did arise .

S For examples , lack of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depletion , and etc .

C For example lack of clean , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural resource , .

S The problems were n't so significant that we overlooked them , but now they become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .

C The problems were n't very so overlooked them , but now they have serious threats that we ca n't ignore .

S How can we solve these problems ?

C How can we solve these problems ?

S Just change your daily habits .

C Just change your daily habits .

S There are so many questions .

C There are so many questions .

S Who we are ?

C Who are we

S What do we do ?

C What do we do ?

S Why we make mistakes ?

C Why do make mistakes ?

S There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .

C There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .

S As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .

C As a nature of human , will mistakes .

S But we should n't make same mistakes .

C But we should n't make the mistakes .

S If you wrong , I will fix you and if I wrong , please fix me .

C If you are , I will correct and if I am , please correct .

S Anyway , we would make mistakes , if we do the new challenges and new tasks .

C Anyway , we will mistakes we do the new challenges and new tasks .

S We have to fix it all again .

C We have to fix it all again .

S Introducion :

C Introducion :

S The aim of this report , is to show how does my town takes care of the environment .

C The aim of this report , is to show how town takes care of the environment .

S Home rubbish :

C Household :

S The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains how to separate the home rubbish .

C The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " . Each explains how to separate the household .

S Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it in three different groups - papers , glasses and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .

C Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it into different groups - paper glass plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .

S The company responsible for rubbish collection collects of the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recicling .

C The company responsible for rubbish collection collects garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recycling

S How does the town treats the environment :

C How town treats the environment :

S The City Hall is very concerned in keeping the area cleaned .

C The City Hall is very concerned about the area clean

S In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .

C As well as informative sessions about the environment the Mayor for all of the residents it also has lots of staff that clean streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .

S Eco friendly :

C Eco - :

S In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live maintaines the city cleaned and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .

C In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live keeps city clean attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .

S I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .

C I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons . First all , we had same education as we grew up , so know each other .

S If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .

C If I suffer from any problem , first step I take I try to go back to my lovely sister because , inside , know she is the family that can help .

S Secondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask them to borrow some money .

C Secondly , if I need money , will go to my brother or sister . ask them to lend me money .

S I think public transport has good prospect in the future according on following reasons .

C I think public transport has good prospects future for the reasons .

S First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .

C First , the trend of environmentally friendliness grown since the shortage awareness of fuel taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created cars and more governments have systems , subways buses etc .

S The transport in the city is n't inconvenient as years ago .

C Transport the city is n't inconvenient as it was ago .

S The other is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to park .

C The other reason , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts . Most resorts lack lots , travelers may spend hours trying park .

S On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .

C In contrast people who take transport can the journey more they do n't waste energy driving .

S To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .

C To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages travelling by car have been by public transport The of transport is bright .

S My favourite sport is football .

C My favourite sport is football .

S It gives me many a positive energy and fun .

C It gives me a lot of energy and fun .

S I have played for 12 years .

C I have played for 12 years .

S I am not a professional player .

C I am not a professional player .

S I play just for yourself

C I play just for myself .

S Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .

C Sometimes , would like to play football but it 's , can watch football on television .

S If I play with my best friends at football I will be a goalkeeper .

C If I play football with my best friends , am goalkeeper .

S In football my favourite position is goalkeeper .

C In football , favourite position is goalkeeper .

S It is really hard to give some advice .

C It is really hard to give some advice .

S We have to be very patient .

C We have to be very patient .

S My advice is only one .

C I have only one piece of advice

S If you practise you will achieve skills .

C If you practise you will achieve skills .

S In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage in everywhere , and there is no a cycle which intended to keep it .

C In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage , and there is no a cycle is to keep it .

S The city council are tackling with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose work are to collect and keep the environment clean .

C The city council are dealing how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose job collect rubbish keep the environment clean .

S Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting attractive by the day and the people begun to make their city clean .

C Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting more by the day and the people have to make their city clean .

S Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good sport especially in summer .

C Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times week . Swimming a good sport , in summer .

S Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .

C Studies cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat faster other sports

S The other advantage of the swim is the less impact the knee .

C The other advantage of the fact that there is impact on knees

S Swimming will be the good exercise to the people who are not able to jog or even walk .

C Swimming will be a exercise for are not able to jog or even walk .

S By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .

C By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a pool . think that is an excuse to be lazy . The will help you to find one Let 's

S FOOTBALL_MY FAVORITE SPORT

C FOOTBALL - MY SPORT

S Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..

C Nowadays , there are many choices for time , as going , travelling , listening music , reading , etc ..

S But to me , I choose playing sport in my free time .

C But for , I choose playing sport in my free time .

S Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .

C Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport "

S There are two teams and each team has the same amount of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .

C There are two teams and each team has the same number players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .

S The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .

C The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .

S Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .

C Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .

S I play football in my free time until now .

C I have been playing in my free time until now .

S There are many reasons why I enjoy football .

C There are many reasons why I enjoy football .

S My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoid some diseases .

C My first reason makes stay in shape and some diseases .

S A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .

C A second reason me new friends when I join team .

S I have relationship with people who are playing football with me .

C I have relationships people who play with me .

S They not only help me in every match but also share me everything in daily life .

C They not only help me in every match , also share everything with me daily life .

S A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .

C A final makes us enjoy our life and improves of life so far after working hours .

S Eating a balanced diet is something very important for anyone especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .

C Eating a balanced diet is important for everyone , for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .

S Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .

C Although a diet will offer energy and vitality , not all . is important too , addition to a diet .

S My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .

C My favourite is football . it so much . When young , to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . to with my friends in street and we were happy doing that , after that , played on football pitch in . Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He the best player in world . A people have told that Messi the best player , I angry when I that , that is not true . So am forward to meeting favourite one day . 's a dream for .

S I think the alcohol is the most dangerous addiction all around the world .

C I think is the most dangerous addictive substance world .

S Because many people have died for this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction even if the person wants to stop it .

C Because many people have died because of , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction , if the person wants to stop it .

S my favorite sport is swimming

C My sport is swimming .

S i swim 2 times per a week

C I twice .

S sometimes i go to the swimming pool in the same area which i work there and sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my cousin ,

C Sometimes to the swimming pool in the same area where sometimes I to my cousin 's swimming pool

S i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !

C I it I in the water and now that pregnant I afraid when I with a group of people . telling them and screaming do not come to ! ! !

S hhhh sometimes is funny

C hhhh Sometimes it funny ,

S but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,

C but my husband care me . He n't allow to be much closer to .

S my mother in law she likes swimming too

C my mother - in - swimming too .

S last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .

C last night we went to the swimming pool . It a little bit cold , we liked it we went to the pool and started how to swim very well , she does n't , has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim

S to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .

C to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .

S When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .

C When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .

S Well , I think it is really creative .

C Well , I think it is really creative .

S If you want to visit me you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participiate .

C If you want to visit me , have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participate

S So what about next month , 12th of December?I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .

C So what about next month , 12th of December ? I like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .

S It could be strange for the others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .

C It could be strange for , but it is really delicious if served with corn .

S If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .

C If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .

S It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station once we left your car .

C It is a bit far from my home , behind the petrol where once your car .

S To answer your question , I can not attend the party beacuse I do not like theese kind of parties , but I wish you good luck!Almos

C To answer your question , I can not attend the party because do not like those parties , but I wish you good luck ! Almos

S We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .

C We , management of The Arch London Hotel , your email wish let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire work in via return email with a scanned of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to all the corrections .

S Thank you .

C Thank you .

S When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .

C When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection

S Indeed all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change at least in the following decades .

C Indeed , the indicators show that human will not change , least in the coming .

S Car continues to attract people .

C The car to attract people .

S In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport level of service .

C On other hand , governments not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport 's of service .

S Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .

C Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .

S Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .

C Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces plastic and crystal

S All people has very close someone to recycle .

C All people has very close someone to recycle

S Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need it for Africa children .

C Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need African .

S So , Malaga is responsible with the environment and with people with more necessities .

C So , Malaga is responsible towards environment and towards in need

S Secondly , in Malaga there are strong and hard rules for factories .

C Secondly , in Malaga there are strict hard rules for factories .

S These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay big tax at the council .

C These companies must take care of the environment or they will to pay a fine council .

S So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible with the environment and acts in consequence .

C So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible towards environment and acts appropriately

S The way of livng change everyday : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' life , we notice many differences .

C The way of living day if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' lives we notice many differences .

S Above all they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .

C Above all , talked more . We in the era of no one live without their mobile phone or their computer .

S Be always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .

C Being in contact with our friends has become our way of living .

S Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !

C Moreover , , things have . For , food we eat . Some , natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats junk food " and things that , which are completely unhealthy !

S However , How will people 's life change in the next 50 years ?

C However , how people 's lives in the next 50 years ?

S As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !

C As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , wo n't have a " real " . Everyone always be involved in life , that they will forget how to talk to other and how to their feelings !

S About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .

C About I imagine a future society in which restaurants n't exist . People eat only junk food food has been prepared before , food in tins so all unhealthy things which will cause many problems .

S For this reason I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have so much to do !

C For this reason , also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have too to do !

S Do not ruin our life , it could be all so perfect !

C Do not ruin our life . It all be perfect !

S My favourite sport is soccer .

C My favourite sport is soccer .

S Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .

C Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .

S My favourite trick is nutmeg .

C My favourite trick is nutmeg .

S My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .

C My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .

S My favourite team is Chelsea FC .

C My favourite team is Chelsea FC .

S My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .

C My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .

S My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .

C My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .

S I started soccer when I was four .

C I started playing when I was four .

S I often play soccer with my father and my brother .

C I often play soccer with my father and my brother .

S When it is holiday , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .

C When it is the my brother and I play soccer twice a week .

S It is really good to play soccer !

C It is really good to play soccer !

S Everyone is afraid of something .

C Everyone is afraid of something .

S A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .

C A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .

S Some fear are instinctive and it 's positive because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good response .

C Some fears instinctive and it 's positive because it protects from real danger , it 's a good response .

S But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .

C But are fears we experience that are life - threatening and they can disrupt life , but people can get over them the right sort of therapy .

S So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay mre attention to the real dangers .

C So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay more to dangers .

S We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !

C We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !

S In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story ( the war of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .

C In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story " the Worlds so it was inevitable . People to see space creatures everywhere .

S Science fiction magazines and stories spread .

C Science fiction magazines and stories spread .

S And the flying saucers ' culture has dominated . They will be green in color .

C And the flying saucers has dominated . They will be green in color .

S They will have three eyes , antennas over their heads , and guns firing green extraction .

C They will have three eyes , antennae heads , and guns firing green extraction

S They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..

C They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..

S Alison read the note , smiled , and immediatly put on her coat .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately on her coat .

S Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents house by car .

C Alison put on her coat , closed door and went to her ' by car .

S She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .

C She went to her ' because they sent her an email that said that her was after the operation

S When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .

C When Alison her ' she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' , a man opened front door .

S When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot with a gun to Alison father .

C When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad , when suddenly this man shot Alison 's father with a gun

S Alison left the house very scared , it was a dream .

C Alison left the house very scared ; was a dream .

S Nowadays , public transport is used for many people in the cities , we can find different types of them , such as bus

C Nowadays , public transport is used by people in the cities . We find different types of public transport such as bus ,

S tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .

C tube and train , but is there a future for them not ? am going to answer question by advantages and , , will my personal opinion .

S To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .

C To begin with public not as convenient using our own vehicle . Every , above in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going work .

S Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .

C Secondly , getting around a city on transport can horrible . There too many stops and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive

S Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private .

C Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private transport

S Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .

C Firstly , if someone move in the city using a , that can very expensive to traffic jams

S Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .

C Secondly , public is more ecological and less polluting environment because produces polluting and many public vehicles green energy , such as electricity or gas .

S In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .

C In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever . Cities automobiles the pollution is worse .We to change our way of thinking and try to use public transport an to improve the environment our cities .

S Last week , my class and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .

C Last week , my class and I went to Sicily on school trip

S we visited many cities .

C We many cities .

S the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .

C On first day , went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The after , visited Siracusa . On third day , and The Valley the Temples , on last day we visited and Trapani .

S I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .

C I enjoyed all the cities we visited the best , my opinion , . In , liked Ortigia , the oldest part of the city .

S I also liked the Valley of the temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing .

C I also liked The of the Temples Agrigento so much : it was amazing !

S I think that the worst thing of the trip is that the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .

C I think that the worst thing about trip was on last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we had to rooms

S public transport now a days has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .

C Public nowadays become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat

S large number of people use it which results in over - loaded buses and trains .

C A number of people use it , results in over - loaded buses and trains .

S it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .

C It to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There a of buses the too are not fixed .

S traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is too much more convenient because it takes too much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .

C Traveling car or any other personal vehicle is more convenient because it takes less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .

S In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .

C These days is more convenient than public transportation . Although transport like buses , trains ferries and intercity rail take time and energy , .

S In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .

C On transport , are share transport strangers and we also to follow policy or regulations , but with our transport , do n't have to bother about these things . We when we want and when we have time .

S We do n't have to book tickets in private transport .

C We do n't have to book tickets for transport .

S So we can say that travelling in their own transportation is more comfortable .

C So we can say that travelling in our transportation is more convenient

S People had drived car to go a work .

C People drive go to

S The city have a lot traffic .

C The city has lot of .

S They prefer to go work car than bus .

C They prefer to go to by rather by .

S Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .

C Public transport is much reduces in the city .

S It 's true drive by car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait bus .

C It 's true driving is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait for a .

S They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .

C They can drive at time they can and go at time

S They can travel another place , independent the hour .

C They can travel to place of time

S Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .

C Buses boats trains the transport that are used by .

S Some cities there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .

C In some there are n't boats because they n't have a or the .

S It 's comum in city the bus .

C Buses are common in the city

S Some bus have special and preferencial sit to old people .

C Some buses special and preferential people .

S This is interesting because people are practice solidary .

C This is interesting because people

S I think could have a lot bus in city .

C I think we a lot of the .

S Many car is poluent for planet and is alergic to people .

C Many cars people are allergic to the pollution

S The train do n't have poluition .

C The train does cause

S This transport is better to population and do n't have traffic in city .

C This mode of is better for the and means that we n't have traffic in the .

S Another idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .

C Another idea is riding bicycle and walking

S This can help heauthy the people and city will stay most clean .

C This can help heauthy the people the will be

S So we must reduce by car on street .

C So we must reduce the

S We will be very happy and we .

C We will be very happy and we

S will be more heauthy .

C will be more healthy

S My favourite sports walk , I really like this sport for several reasons :

C My favourite sport is really like this sport for several reasons :

S 1- It 's very common I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .

C 1- It 's very common can do it anywhere and anytime I want .

S 2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .

C 2- It 's very cheap . do need to anything to do it

S 3- It 's not hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired after walking .

C 3- It 's not a sport . In cases I will not be tired after walking .

S 4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and study .

C 4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and studying

S 5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .

C 5- It gives me a of to think about my life without any disturbance anybody .

S cause all these reasons walking is my favourite sport .

C For these reasons , is my favourite sport .

S From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .

C From few years people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .

S We fly at plane or something other .

C We fly by or something else

S The travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .

C Travelling car is more convenient in my opinion .

S Firstly , you save money if you use a car .

C First you save money if you use a car .

S When you ride by bus , you pay more .

C When you travel bus , you pay more .

S Moreover you travel with the other people .

C Moreover , travel with people .

S You stay in queue for buy a ticket .

C You stand a to a ticket .

S Secondly , you should feel uncomfortable .

C Secondly , you might uncomfortable .

S At some means of transport is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stay .

C On means of transport it too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stand

S sometimes you lie on a window .

C Sometimes lean window .

S It is n't good .

C It is n't good .

S Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .

C Finally , if you drive car , do n't have to a . You can go at any

S When you go by bus for example , you must wait at cold bus station .

C When you go by bus , example , you must wait at a bus stop

S I hate this .

C I hate that

S At sum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .

C To up , in my opinion , by car is better .

S You have comfort , you feel better .

C You have comfort , you feel better .

S You do n't have to worry that you do n't arrive in time .

C You do n't have to worry that you wo arrive on .

S Unfortunately , is very sad to say that people in my town does not care about the environment .

C Unfortunately , it very sad to say that people in my town do care about the environment .

S We need to start doing something to avoid contamination .

C We need to start doing something to avoid pollution

S There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .

C There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .

S So many storms , and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live .

C So many storms all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live on

S I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .

C I suppose their lifestyle , resteless I really sympathise them . majority outstanding appreciated are frustrated .

S They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .

C They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a private attention .

S That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .

C That is a pitiless for celebrities but thick and thin , go on .They achieve goals made exceptionally of money and vanity .

S I realised it is not worth it .

C I realised it is not worth it .

S Thank you for your care .

C Thank you for your attention

S There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .

C There is one thing that , is the old extension number .

S I always answer some wrong calls and these calls distract me .

C I am answering , these calls distract me .

S I receive many calls looking for the previous worker and I need to spend my time to explain what happened to him .

C I receive a lot of looking for the previous employee I have spend my time explaining happened to him .

S May I have a new extension number ?

C May I have a new extension number ?

S Thanks for your help .

C Thanks for your help .

S Dear Jo ,

C Dear Jo ,

S Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .

C Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .

S Also there are many places to see , mountains , lakes where you can relax and have fun .

C Also , are many places to see , mountains and where you can relax and have fun .

S The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .

C The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .

S There is good pay also .

C There is good pay also .

S I also work in summer as a waitress in a terrace .

C I also work in the as a waitress in a terrace

S It is good and people are nice .

C It is good and people are nice .

S See you soon .

C See you soon .

S Hi ,

C Hi ,

S I hope you are well .

C I hope you are well .

S I 'm writing you a letter because I was made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what is the film about and how was the experience .

C I 'm writing you a letter because I have a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what the film is and what experience was like

S The idea of make a film comes up a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .

C The idea of making film came on Saturday night at a meeting of friends .

S At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had carried a video camera .

C At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had brought video camera .

S When Jake said that , we start roar with laughter , but then , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .

C When Jake said that , we started to with laughter , but then , another friend suggested idea of home movie

S The experience about the film was amazing , because we laugh all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .

C The experience with film was amazing , because we laughed night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .

S In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .

C In itself , the film did n't have an special , but I can describe it as a , there a of laughs jokes , and it shows friendship is the greatest thing that exists .

S By the way , I 'm sending the film together with this letter .

C By the way , I 'm sending the film r this letter .

S Let me know about you and your life .

C Let me know about you and your life .

S Hope to hear from you soon ,

C Hope to hear from you soon ,

S Bianca

C Bianca

S Running is my therapy .

C Running is my therapy .

S I started running to lose weight and ended in a life changing experience .

C I started running to lose weight and it up being life - experience .

S Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me is more than that .

C Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me it more than that .

S Running connects me to my inner Goddess .

C Running connects me to my inner Goddess .

S Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required after all it is just one step after the other .

C Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required . , is just one step after the other .

S In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .

C In my , mode of transport .

S So I got a lot troubles :

C So I have had lot of

S 1 . Everyone spends much times to travel .

C 1 . Everyone spends a lot of

S 2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .

C 2 . Bus care about the them

S That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast

C That means they who always drive fast .

S But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to travel .

C But public transport has advantages : If we use is an mode of for

S Therefore environment will be improved .

C Therefore , the will be improved .

S Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased

C Maybe traffic be .

S I am writing to report on the local transport of Toluca .

C I am writing to report on the local transport in .

S The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .

C The public transport most used in Toluca is the because it is the cheapest but it is very bad and unsafe . The it is very bad ; buses are old and obsolete , broken windows and old seats .

S The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .

C The service is very bad . The are very angry and stressed out so not drive caution In there are high numbers accidents involving .

S The public transport is unsafe because growth the theft and kidnapping express to users .

C The public transport is unsafe because of increase in .

S I suggest changing the old buses by new buses and put security cameras in the buses .

C I suggest changing the old buses for buses and putting cameras on buses .

S That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .

C Also , that cameras transmit the images to buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for

S I think we live very quick , always running , we do n't enjoy our lives .

C I think we live very fast always running . We n't enjoy our lives .

S Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .

C Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things , are always working to money , we do n't meet our neighbours , example .

S Maybe in the future will be worse .

C Maybe in the future it be worse .

S There is is no future for public transport because car has made life so easy .

C There no future for public transport because the has made life so easy .

S It 's economically and practically is more expensive .

C It 's economically and practically expensive .

S People

C People

S Prefer to use cars instead of public transport .

C prefer use cars instead of public transport .

S It 's saves time .

C It 's saves time .

S In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .

C In olden luxuries were not considered as compared health , now everyone save time and maintain privacy , one can only afford by using her / his own transport , gradually , transport is its charm .

S public transport

C public transport

S I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .

C I think it 's very important as it reduces problems both pollution and crowding We fewer it is big and carries lot of people .

S underground , trains and buses these means of transport are cheap so it helps the poor to save some money .

C The , trains and buses . These of transport are cheap , it helps the poor to save some money .

S governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

C Governments take care of public transport . They save means of entertainment . keep them clean and safe . If use them they be useless . there no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

S cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars

C Cars faster than public transport , cars are more convenient than public transport . They , faster and more comfortable , for distances . So should improve public transport as not all people have cars .

S Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .

C Nowadays made for to move all over the world .

S Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destination in time .

C Many got used using own vehicle as their means of , where can reach their destination on .

S In the following paragraphs , I present my view in this controversial issue .

C In the following paragraphs , I present my view on controversial issue .

S firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .

C Firstly we modes of transport among these road transport .

S As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .

C As the most buy a car rather than use other motor vehicle . They move easily departure point destination no time .

S And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .

C And they n't need be dependent transport on journey .

S As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in up coming days .

C As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's there may not be any public transport in the

S Secondly , if the private transportation is growing faster , the traffic is also going to create a major problem , which effects the global warming .

C Secondly , if transportation is increasing , is also going to create a major problem , which causes .

S And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the economy of the government .

C And the income that is gained this transport service automatically decrease which will a problem for economy of the country

S Another issue we can see here is unemployment .

C Another issue we can see here is unemployment .

S Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .

C Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as transportation service , cab service , auto service etc , in order to fulfil basic needs .

S People with more unemployment may also lead to a crime rate .

C More unemployed people also lead to a higher rate .

S I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes healthy .

C I hope equal priority to public and private transportation makes us .

S And we can see that controlling traffic is not going out of the hands .

C And we can see that controlling the is not going out of the hands

S In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .

C In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .

S My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .

C My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .

S Here , in this country there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .

C Here , in this country , are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .

S Some of them are , roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .

C Some of them are , mate and some others , but those are the best known .

S On the one hand , I like to have things typical in each country , apart from they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience with the food too .

C On the one hand , I like to have things that are in each country , apart from the fact that are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience food too .

S On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .

C On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is food , is you always to eat some typical food from country and in end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it .

S In ten years , they did n't change that things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !

C In ten years , they did n't change those , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !

S i think if the goverment do the best work about the transport , they can save it .

C I if the government the best work about transport , they can save it .

S the public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a best atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .

C Public is the best way to save the planet and have a better . Also , save and can meet people .

S it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .

C It true a is more comfortable but it uses a lot of mineral resources petrol which pollute atmosphere

S i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .

C I n't transport does not have a . There a lot of people who can not buy a car and they use .

S Public transport is very much complicated now a days .

C Public transport is very nowadays

S Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .

C Places Mumbai are of people there is place to park .

S Day by day people are increasing in Mumbai .

C Day by day , the number of is in Mumbai .

S Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in there

C There are more crowds all the people want to travel by public transport , it is difficult to travel . The best to travel is their

S own car or van .

C own car or van .

S This will saved their time .

C This will save .

S Transport are good way to travel from place to another place .

C Public transport a way to travel from one to another place .

S I had word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .

C I had a with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .

S It will be good to interview both and you can decide .

C It will be good to interview both and you can decide .

S I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .

C I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .

S Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?

C Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?

S Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .

C The is a useful tool everyone , so are communicating distant friends and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining

S First of all , I am going to talk about adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .

C First of all , I am going to talk about the disadvantages of topic .

S First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .

C The first the is For , you want information about something .

S Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .

C The second is that the websites such as Twitter Facebook You can with your quick , or you can meet with on the . Therefore , do not call them the , because the is very .

S According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .

C As for at present , children always with their games and mobile phones

S Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .

C Both computer games mobile phones got the . As result , they have not got time for .

S Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .

C Another that do not meet with friends , since they speak on websites so every time there is unless relationship the people are sociable .

S To sum up Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .

C To sum up , the is the most important advance the world , but are a lot disadvantages advantages .

S In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .

C From point of view , the is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it and should other .

S Good Thriller was not my favorite type of gender until I saw ' No Escape ' .

C ' Thriller ' not my favorite type of genre I saw ' No Escape ' .

S This movie is about what happens in the real life right now , on the other side of the world .

C This movie is about what is happening life right now , on the other side of the world .

S They persecute an American family that went because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives from that place hated most .

C They persecute an American family that went there of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives of place hated most .

S Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere over Asia to start a new way of living .

C Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere in to start a new way of living .

S In other words , they had to get use to a different kind of world .

C In other words , they had to get used a different kind of world .

S It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .

C It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .

S They had to escape with the doors from the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of junk ( people killing ) .

C They had to escape with the doors of country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of terrible things people killing ) .

S And in some of the scenes the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !

C And in some of the scenes , little girls or the dad had to make them jump from one to another one !

S Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !

C Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !

S Helen , I did n't expect this .

C Helen , I did n't expect this .

S It was a huge surprise for me !

C It was a huge surprise for me !

S I really appreciate your card that you sent me .

C I really appreciate your card that you sent me .

S It made me speechless !

C It made me speechless !

S I have never got anything like this .

C I have never got anything like this .

S I celebrated my birthday without any complications .

C I celebrated my birthday without any complications .

S We were having a good time .

C We had good time .

S hey , I 'm Hoa .

C Hey I 'm Hoa .

S I 'm a student in the Academy of Finance .

C I 'm a student at Academy of Finance .

S I come from Ninh Binh province .

C I come from Ninh Binh province .

S They are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my young brother .

C There 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my younger .

S I wants to become an accountant .

C I want be accountant .

S Hello Mr Smith ,

C Hello Mr Smith ,

S Sorry so much , but I ca n't go to class next week because I have to work .

C I 'm so sorry but I ca n't come class next week because I have to work .

S Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?

C Saying that could you tell me about next week 's work ?

S I 'll try to work at home .

C I 'll try to work at home .

S Thank you .

C Thank you .

S Regards ,

C Regards ,

S Laura Pérez

C Laura Pérez

S Dear Bublin Lost Property ,

C Dear Bublin Lost Property ,

S I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .

C I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .

S I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .

C I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .

S I lost my phone near street no 1 .

C I lost my phone near street no 1 .

S Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .

C Here is a of phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there were on the

S Thanks

C Thanks

S Ritesh

C Ritesh

S Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School

C Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School

S I am interested in your advertisement you post in an English language magazine .

C I am interested in your advertisement you posted an English language magazine .

S Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .

C Recently I have had job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an of for the .

S I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .

C I haven't studied for this exam all and I have got limited time , around 3 months before the next , I would like to begin as soon as possible .

S I am working daytime so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .

C I am working in the , nighttime 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me , on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .

S Also I am thinking of studying with you for 2months but we can talk more about this later .

C Also , am thinking of studying with you for 2 months we can talk more about this later .

S I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .

C I am good at speaking and listening not confident at writing , especially essay writing . 've never studied writing my life , I want to focus on this writing more than others .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .

S Best regards .

C Best regards .

S Samuel Mo

C Samuel Mo

S Travelling by car is much more convenient but all know really there is no future for public transport .

C Travelling by car is much more convenient but we know really there is no future for public transport .

S When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travel but i think we do not feel relax are there and if we talk about travelling by car .

C When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travels I we do not feel relaxed if we talk about travelling by car .

S It is the best or much more convenient for us .

C It is the best or much more convenient for us .

S Because we can travel any where but in public transport we can not travel to any other sites

C Because we can travel anywhere , on transport we can not travel to any other places

S I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and more than anything else that is convenience .

C I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to use , than anything else , convenient

S Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .

C In particular people do n't have a car and some elderly people it to drive car by themselves , so transport helps a lot .

S Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .

C Already , transport has improved that makes it to go on a trip , but I think it be able to be and better quality because so many people expectation

S I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .

C I like the as well , but when I have to drive car , have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am so transport is making connections beings .

S It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .

C That why I think public transport is really important for the and there are a lot of important things be .

S Every Human has points of strength and weakness .

C Every human points of strength and weakness .

S So , the Humans including women and men should behave according to these points .

C So , , and men , behave according to these points .

S The question which is rising now should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .

C The question which arises is the employer hire women for posts and exclude from others and the same men ?

S There are two answer to this question , the first one is to who sees that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .

C There are two answers this question . The one is from those say it is right to exclude women from some jobs .

S For example , the builder needs physical strength to carry cements and bricks .

C For example , a needs physical strength to carry cement bricks .

S The mechanic should have the ability to afford drawbacks of the job .

C A should have the ability to deal with the of the job .

S The second answer is it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .

C The second answer is that is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .

S The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .

C The explanation of those who support the second answer is that in terms of and rights .

S So there is no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .

C So one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .

S Is convenient take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?

C Is it to a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?

S I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .

C I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and it difficult once you get used to earning , you want to study again .

S Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then , travel .

C Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then .

S Furthermore you do n't study during this period and when you want to start the university you would n't be able to remember some important things

C Furthermore , do n't study during this period and when you want to start , wo be able to remember some important things

S So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .

C So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .

S People use public transport because of saving money .

C People use public transport to .

S But now they are earning more money than they earned before .

C But now they are earning more money than they earned before .

S Therefore , it is likely to imminent that public transport will no longer exist in future .

C Therefore , it is likely public transport will no longer exist in the .

S think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .

C I think public transport a future where people use public transport . Then think that maybe it will to have a but it bad and good things . For , is good that it easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that attack you and steal things . But think it a , because a lot people even if use public transport to .

S the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .

C People transport . Also , move for all the city

S what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future

C What ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , have a .

S Convenience is not the only one consideration when we are travelling .

C Convenience is not the only when we are travelling .

S A lot of people choice public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .

C A lot of people choose transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .

S In recent years , governments encourage people to take public transport because of fuel crisis .

C In recent years , governments have encouraged to take public transport because of the crisis .

S Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .

C Some invest a lot of in transport networks make travelling by public transport more convenient .

S When driving a car , we will face a parking space trouble in a city .

C When driving a car , we will face space problems a city .

S Besides , a traffic jam is another problem .

C Besides , jams problem .

S So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .

C So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .

S My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.

C My mother is my my family . She listens me . Sometimes her by real name !

S She always tell me some jokes but some times i laughed !

C She always tells some jokes , sometimes

S , i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .

C , i love her so much . I n't know what would without her and I want know .

S I pray everyday to save my mother and all my family to me .

C I pray every day save my mother and all my family

S My name is Tom , I 'm 12 years old .

C My name is Tom . 'm 12 years old .

S I have a black skin , black hair .

C I have . skin , black hair .

S I 'm short .

C I 'm short .

S I am wearing a shirt , and a pair of trousers .

C I am wearing a shirt a pair of trousers .

S I will wait for you at the train station

C I will wait for you at the train station .

S Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day but I have one which is my favourite .

C Well , there are lot of sports people do day , I have one which is my favourite .

S It 's basketball .

C It 's basketball .

S This sport have a lot of type of match which you can play .

C This sport has lot of types match which you can play .

S You can play with your friends or in a team even alone but this option is the most boring .

C You can play with your friends or in a team , alone , this option is the most boring .

S Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your ships with people .

C Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections your relationships people .

S I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best because you can visit the cities ...

C I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around my or my . That is best , you can visit .

S And you enjoy between your mates and live all those special moments with them .

C And you enjoy yourself mates and experience those special moments with them .

S I can give you some advice to start practising this sport .

C I can give you some advice to start doing sport .

S This 's a sport that improve your friendships and it 's so good for your health .

C This is sport that improves friendships and it 's so good for your health .

S And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .

C And maybe you will become famous player or an , you will like a famous

S But it is important to enjoy yourself .

C But it is important to enjoy yourself .

S The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .

C The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .

S At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .

C At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .

S A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods on the place .

C A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods in place .

S Tired of having their house destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molested by floods anymore .

C Tired of having their houses , the landlords to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be bothered floods anymore .

S There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden on the house .

C There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden in house .

S This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .

C This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .

S After the war , the gold has been left in the house .

C After the war , the gold was in the house .

S People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .

C People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .

S I absolutely disagree with this statement .

C I absolutely disagree with this statement .

S There are 7 billion people in the world , and it is increasing rapidly .

C There are 7 billion people in the world , and the number increasing rapidly .

S How many car for all of people in the world ?

C How many cars all of the in the world ?

S Have you ever driven on the crowded city and moved with 1 km/h .

C Have you ever driven in city and moved at km/h .

S More people use public transport , less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .

C When more use public transport , there are the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .

S Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .

C Besides , it 's also an environmental ; fumes engulf earth . The the is used , the exhaust gases are We killing our mother earth

S In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy car .

C In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy a .

S Automobile is luxury in some country , like mine .

C An automobile a in some countries like mine .

S It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .

C It 's the way to prove you are . When get a car to your home , or go to school or by , people will change their minds you .

S Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .

C Public transport is becoming must - have means people who have a .

S In conclusion , Public transport is our future means , I mean for almost citizen .

C In conclusion , public is our future means of transport mean for most

S Not car though it 's convenient .

C Not car , it 's convenient .

S my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it

C My sport is swimming . It me feel and leaves in a good mood . swimming a week , and my advice to anyone wanting start swimming is enjoy every moment of it .

S I have read an article on IFLS talks about a sheep has human face .

C I have read an article on IFLS that about a sheep that a face .

S It shows in the video that the sheep actually has big nose and lips just like human .

C It shows in the video that the sheep actually has a nose and lips just like a .

S Which is one of the weirdest thing I have seen .

C Which is one of the weirdest things have seen .

S They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deform in his face .

C They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deformity his face .

S In my opinion , I think it is just coincidence that the sheep looks like human .

C think it is just a that the sheep looks like a .

S On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for higher price than normal to the circus .

C On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for a price than normal to the circus .

S I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .

C I think the sheep should be transferred a place where there specialisation animals the condition .

S life is a long journey .everday , we gain more & more experience .

C Life a long journey . Every day we gain more and experience .

S we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .

C We only older , also wiser . We , the most useful thing to learn is to get lot experiences and , sure , make mistakes . But have to be honest with ourselves mistakes to avoid them in the future .

S I am in Kyoto to eat Yatsuhashi .

C I am in Kyoto eating .

S I have seen Momiji .

C I have seen Momiji .

S It is very beautiful .

C It is very beautiful .

S Becsuse there is turening red !

C Becsuse it turning !

S I have never seen this view .

C I have never seen this sight

S I play badminton with my family last night .

C I played with my family last night .

S Dear Jo ,

C Dear Jo ,

S As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .

C As you know , my grandmother currently in France with my cousin Unfortunately has to do - month outside of the country . to France next weekend , but is not possible . have to go and look after her because none of my family can months over there .

S I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .

C I am so sorry to delay visit , which was planned months ago , but I told you , not in my hand , but I feel like it was

S Why do n't you come to visit France instead Spain ?

C Why do n't you come to visit France instead of ?

S Could be amazing !

C Could be amazing !

S Just think about it and give me a call .

C Just think about it and give me a call .

S Send my love to your family , and a big kiss for you !

C Send my love to your family , and a big kiss to !

S Dear Sir Stuart Thomson ,

C Dear Sir

S I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .

C I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .

S Yours Sincerely

C Yours Sincerely

S Mariusz Kaczorowski

C Mariusz Kaczorowski

S Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .

C Nowadays , more modern than in the past and people are developing their inventions make them useful .

S We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .

C We as days , on technology Every of our lives technology

S And because of technolgy our lofe become easier .

C And because of technology , lives easier .

S One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .

C One is television . In past , used only for watching the and movies but as goes by the technology now television has other

S Television can be used tor many things , usually we watch television for entertaining , but we can also use it for education too .

C Television can be used tor many things . Usually watch television for entertainment but we can also use it for education too .

S These are the proofs that television can also educate .

C These are the proofs that television can also educate .

S First , television has many programs which are can be used for education .

C First , television has many programs which be used for education .

S Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .

C Many programs consist of for kids to learn . For who still want to learn to speak know the words , it is very useful , many programs are very suitable for them help them learn faster by watching television .

S Besides that we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .

C Besides that , can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .

S Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .

C Second , these , has modern and that can be with the .

S By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using television .

C By that advantage now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using a .

S We can search it on browsing or we can also access youtube to help us .

C We can search for by or we can also access YouTube help us .

S So we can watching a program that we wanted so we can choose what is good and not .

C So we can watch program that we wanted , we can choose what is good and not .

S In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .

C In conclusion , television entertain and also educate , television programs do in an way .

S I will talk about my favourite sport .

C I will talk about my favourite sport .

S My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .

C My favourite sport is football . enjoy playing football with my friends . We at night . It exciting play when it 's raining

S When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !

C When anyone fails pass the ball or misses we shout face " you crazy ? How did miss ? "

S But we were too interested .

C But we are interested

S We enjoy watching football match

C We enjoy watching football matches .

S my favourite sport is football .

C My sport is football .

S I 'm not good at playing it , if I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .

C I 'm not good at playing it , and prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .

S The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .

C The emotions the only try you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .

S Footbal is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl that sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .

C Football usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl and I realize that I know more than some males .

S I started following football in 2007 , just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love with a team that then led me to love football in general .

C I started following football in 2007 , at 10 years old . started because I fell in love with a team , then led me to love football in general .

S I like to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my dad , you feel indescribable emotions . and my father was to convey this passion .

C I like to watch the games at home with my father , but go to the stadium with my dad . You indescribable emotions . And father was to convey passion .

S The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .

C The future of should taken seriously In opinion , transport is the best option for solving problems with congestion , we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are from one place to in just .

S For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .

C For many years , has a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .

S Better still the future of the public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .

C Better still , future of transport is essential for a better life without traffic .

S When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .

C When we use , in , one person is the only person is accustomed to using their car , so this not the potential of the .

S At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .

C At the same , we need more cars for more people . That the cause traffic .

S it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .

C It for this reason that I think transport is a great benefit to and a good way for us to move to suggest that the government should money the purpose of improving transport .

S Hi freddy ,

C Hi Freddy

S I have recived your letter .

C I have received letter .

S I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .

C I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .

S Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .

C Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .

S Here , parties are normally for family and friends .

C Here , parties are normally for family and friends .

S The man usually wear their best suits and the woman have long dresses on

C The men wear their best suits and the women long dresses on

S George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasteful recipes from all around the world to enjoy alone or with your company your dinner .

C George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasty from all around the world to enjoy your dinner alone or with company

S The Head - chef is an experienced and skillful man in his work .

C The head is an experienced and skillful man at work .

S The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .

C The food team of chefs is always magnificent and the decoration a work art . Not mention that the decoration is fully engaged in head . Not is food , also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .

S Designed by famous decorators and their partners .

C Designed by famous decorators and their partners

S With the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .

C , with latest technological for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces by - known artists and upcoming talents .

S Last but not least the service is remarkable .

C Last but not least , service is remarkable .

S Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .

C The waiters to help in way can and work enough to reach their full potential so they can relish .

S So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally recognized restaurants

C So fairly 's restaurant is one of the most universally renowned .

S I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more in the future .

C I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve transport will get more popular the future .

S You ca n't disagree our global become urbanization in the future , can you ?

C You ca n't disagree that world urbanization the future , can you ?

S That become our life more and more crowd

C That will make life more and more crowded .

S Today 's television !

C Today 's television !

S Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !

C Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected

S The big deal is entertaining , and quality is part of it .

C The big deal is entertainment and quality is part of it .

S Keep it in mine what you should do before buying your own dreaming TV .

C Keep mind you should do before buying your own .

S You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one .

C You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one

S However people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on well known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .

C However , nowadays look for a good design and not for quality . The problem is that price against quality , even though a good designing of TV series - stores is the big option we can choose to check .

S Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .

C Consider a good price good quality by checking and visiting stores . You not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV you can save money by only watching a minutes in , take seat enjoy and list you are convinced .

S In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?

C In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on own TV considering price quality Some brings you the experience of favourite movies in other scenery Will try ?

S People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .

C Whether people reach 18 should service is an issue . The suggest that it helpful for - olds train fitness and psychological qualities whilst opponents point out that it harmful to affects the of a .

S Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .

C Considering views , be concluded that the should respect rights set up a new department which can be who want to apply to do .

S In my opinion our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .

C In my opinion , lives will undergo dramatic change in the next 50 years .

S You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in the schools we used book of paper and not tablet or iPad , and now technology is part of our lives .

C You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in we used books paper and not tablets iPads and now technology is part of our lives .

S I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many disease and that would change our life because we could live for more time .

C I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many diseases that will our lives , we could live for longer

S 1 , Álamo Street

C 1 , Álamo Street

S Alameda de Osuna , Madrid

C Alameda de Osuna , Madrid

S 28042

C 28042

S Dear John :

C Dear John ,

S I want thank you the invitation but I would n't go to the party because is my sister 's s burradas .

C I want thank you for invitation but I ca come the party because it my sister 's s burradas

S I apologise to you .

C I apologise

S Best wishes .

C Best wishes .

S Your friend

C Your friend

S Maria

C Maria

S I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .

C I am a 's I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially I have the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow from time to time with my supervisor So have the time for the Fellowship .

S I agree with statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .

C I agree with the that Mark Twain is the greatest writer .

S His works are known by all over the world .

C His works are known over the world .

S When I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exited .

C When I read his poem " The Adventures Tom Sawyer I was excited

S The last thriller I have watched is " True Detective " from HBO .

C The last thriller I was True Detective " by .

S That is eight - episodes film .

C That is an - episode .

S First of all I would like to tell about atmosphere of the film .

C First of all , would like to tell you the of the film .

S That is like you are going down down stairs to dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .

C It like you are going a room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .

S I was impressed because I ' ve never seen before such films .

C I was impressed because I ' d seen such films before

S That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have been seen that only for one day .

C That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have watched .

S Particulary I would like to point Mathew McConnahy 's role .

C In particular , would like to point out McConnahy 's role .

S Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .

C The philosophy this is so to what used to think every day I have taken a look at life from another point of view .

S Last time I was so impressed from watching " Fight Club " of David Fincher .

C Last time was so impressed " Fight Club " by Fincher .

S I really recommend that movie to watch .

C I really recommend that movie to watch .

S Hi Lara ,

C Hi Lara ,

S nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .

C nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .

S My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .

C My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .

S I usually go to the sea on Sunday moorning .

C I usually go to the seaside Sunday morning

S I 've got one brother , Francis .

C I 've got one brother , Francis .

S I work in advertising , I 'm an account .

C I work in advertising . 'm an account .

S I hope see you soon .

C I hope to you soon .

S Lo

C Lo

S This report is aiming to give a clear idea about the environment preserving in my town .

C This report aims give a clear idea about preserving the environment my town .

S First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the community .

C First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the environment

S Second , New rules were legislated condemning any person intended to harm the environment in any way .

C Second , new were legislated condemning any person intending harm the environment in any way .

S Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard wastes , for liquids and the third for clothes .

C Third , supporting by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard waste for liquids , the third for clothes .

S I am a big fan of Arsenal .

C I am a big fan of Arsenal ,

S so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .

C so it will come no surprise that favourite sport is football .

S football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .

C Football considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .

S I would like to look to this sport from different perspectives .

C I would like to look at sport from different perspectives .

S Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally , for example it helps US and China to normalize their relations .

C Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally . For , helps the and China to normalize their relations .

S secondly , football generates money .

C Secondly football generates money .

S Thirdly , from aesthetic point of view , it was call the beautiful game by Pele .

C Thirdly , an aesthetic point of view , it was called beautiful game by Pele .

S although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player , this may be because I am not talented .

C Although have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player . This be because I am not talented .

S we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .

C We learn some about Islam . is a religion that the Peninsula and it was years ago .

S Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio

C Mohammed was kindly prophet born in a city called Mekka he to another city close Mekka Almadina people of Mekka very aggressive and they did accept new invitation new religion .

S Mohammed came back to his town mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him

C Mohammed came back to his town , , that and forgave the people of Mekka him .

S Hello dears ,

C Hello dears ,

S we will talk about " How people is live will change in the future ? "

C We talk about how 's change in the future .

S I think the principal thing in our talking is The internet network , computers , technology and communications .

C I think the principal things our talk computers , technology and communications .

S Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .

C Education will not be in and universities but it will be on internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - education , on websites : EDX and Coursera and distance education .

S the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !

C will also on internet ; be

S Dear Sir or Madam ,

C Dear Sir or Madam ,

S I 'm writing you because I 'm interested in applying the job in summer camps .

C I 'm writing to because I 'm interested in applying for job in summer camps .

S I saw the advertisement last week on the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .

C I saw the advertisement last week in newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .

S I 'm forty years old and I have experience about looking after children in my town because I have been working in a toddler school as teacher for four years .

C I 'm forty years old and I have experience of after children in my town because I have been working in a primary as a for four years .

S In the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I had been playing tennis in a local team three years ago .

C On other hand , I like swimming a lot and I used to play in a local team three years ago .

S Moreover that I am a kind - heart person who enjoys meeting people a lot .

C Moreover , am a kind - hearted who enjoys meeting people a lot .

S In your announcement you told about working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .

C In your advertisement mention in kitchens I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .

S He had lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .

C He near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .

S Finally I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in U.S.A. so

C Finally , think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in the , ,

S I look forward your answer soon

C I look forward to receiving answer soon .

S Faithfully

C Yours faithfully

S The diagrams show how bank notes are made .

C The diagrams show how bank notes are made .

S Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .

C Firstly , they the bank notes ' background , and issues .

S Second preparation metal plates .

C Second is the of the plates .

S It 's skilled machinists .

C It 's done by machinists .

S Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .

C Then the sheets of bank notes are Printing on both sides and use and the are raised .

S When printing finished , they should inspection .

C When printing is , they have to be

S It the most important step .

C It is most important step .

S Printed sheets manually inspected .

C Printed sheets are inspected .

S Finally , they found good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheeets or bad sheets .

C Finally , they find quality sheets and some partially damaged sheets bad sheets .

S They will packaging and distribution the sheets which is good in there .

C They will package distribute sheets which are

S In that time they at fist cut into separate bank notes , second they packed the sheets and diapatched .

C At this point , the sheets separate bank notes . Second , pack sheets and dispatch them

S At the same timebad sheets and bank notes securely destoryed .

C At the same time , bad and bank notes are destroyed

S Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .

C Why not ? Firstly what 's education for you ? It very clear to that education is creating conditions to make thinking .

S If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .

C If the way to do that is and nice , think in end it better than explaining .

S Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .

C The other for my opinion that almost all prefer eyes ears other people , write and listen to new things .

S while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .

C While are having a time watching TV , brain is not in calm just another different to the during rest of day .

S That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .

C That 's why I think that it 's a good moment see things new way that can be a very good .

S Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .

C Definitely it does not always on the kind of programme , but I think nowadays , lot of television for more effectively .

S Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to come out in the forest .

C Hunting is the most enjoyable I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to be in the forest .

S I start to hunt when I was seven years old .

C I started hunt when I was seven years old .

S I hunt with my dad and my stepdad , we hunt all different animals .

C I hunt with my dad and my stepdad . We all different animals .

S The animals I like to hunt most is birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .

C The animals I like to hunt most are , rabbits , moose and roe deer .

S I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .

C I hunt most with my dad , and we always have great when we hunt , sometimes we can be a bit angry with other .

S Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .

C Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .

S Their name is Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .

C Their names , Krocken and Zelda .

S When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have very fun because we live in a cabin and it 's a really funny man to I laugh every evening and have very fun .

C When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have great because we stay a cabin and he a really funny man too . laugh every evening and have great .

S They 've got many mosses so they shoot very much of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .

C They 've got many moose , they shoot a lot them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .

S My stepdad shoot a very big moose when I was there with him and I get the trophy of the moose .

C My stepdad shot very big moose when I was there with him and I got trophy of the moose .

S Dear all

C Dear all

S I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m

C I am with the purpose of letting that we are going to up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing we could use social media to improve the communication our suppliers a great time for the meeting would next Monday at 4:00 p.m

S Kind regards

C Kind regards

S Armando Martínez

C Armando Martínez

S Mr. President

C Mr. President

S I am going to communicate to you something about the military service .

C I am going to communicate to you something about service .

S The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .

C The purpose of this letter is to notify about complaints that some citizens have This related to only boys have to be in the draft for service , and girls do have to .

S I think if we want to have equal rights for both .

C I think want to have equal rights for both .

S Kind regards

C Kind regards

S Cesar Vega

C Cesar Vega

S Hello Sam !

C Hello Sam !

S How are you ? I fine .

C How are you ? I am .

S Thanks for your letter .

C Thanks for your letter .

S Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .

C Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .

S It 's near my home .

C It 's near my home .

S When I go to the restaurant , I always eat mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .

C When I go to the restaurant , I always eat Mexican such as tacos or fajitas .

S It 's really good !

C It 's really good !

S I do n't mind eating every day there !

C I would mind eating there every day

S however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .

C However I just go to the restaurant on occasions such as my birthday or when I pass an .

S I would like to go next Friday , do you want to go with me ?

C I would like to go next Friday . Do want to go with me ?

S I hope to hear from you soon ,

C I hope to hear from you soon ,

S Bye ,

C Bye ,

S This diagram is used to illustrate the process of how to making bank notes , covering seven main stages .

C This diagram is used to illustrate the process of bank notes , covering seven main stages .

S First of all , we should thinking out a design and dicide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .

C First of all , we should think design and decide background colour and artwork , or even security issues .

S And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .

C And then , the preparation of metal plates , are

S Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .

C Next , printing . Sheets bank notes are ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) with colour both sides , and specWell , the Well , the important step is inspection , sheets should be inspected .

S Have you ever spent the holiday combine fun and knowledge ?

C Have you ever spent the holidays and knowledge ?

S When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after the doing my Omrah , I visited several places , among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .

C When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after my Omrah , I visited several places . Among was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .

S This house is characterized as containing large numbers of students who memorized the holy book of Quran .

C This house can be as containing large numbers of students who have the holy book of Quran .

S It is located between the neighborhoods with the aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .

C It is located between with characters Alhijaz area .

S And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part in it .

C And conservation mechanism followed this house encouraged students to become a part of .

S Finally , if you want to rest and good companionship , joined to this house .

C Finally , if you want to rest and have companionship , go this house .

S Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .

C The pyramids not made by machines or computers and that is from secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could a great building like that about 7,000 years ago it is still strong . all over the world come to Egypt to see it s civilization . Around million people come to the yearly . You be one of them .

S come visit the land of peace and civilization .

C Come the land of peace and civilization .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,

C Dear Sir or Madam ,

S I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .

C I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .

S First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .

C First of all , would like to present some background information myself . name is Said

S my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,

C My language is weak . would to improve it to my postgraduate

S The reason for choosing this specifically English language in September future I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .

C The reason for choosing the language specifically would like to get to know more information about an English language course .

S Our school is organizing a fun fair .

C Our school is organizing a funfair

S This activity is really interesting that you can not miss .

C This activity is really interesting and should n't it

S Do you want to know how funny it is now ?

C Do you want to know how much is now ?

S keeping your exciting and joining the event .

C Keep excitement attend event .

S you will gain a sense of satisfaction .

C You gain a sense of satisfaction .

S There are a number of reasons that you should join the fun fair .

C There are a number of reasons why should attend funfair

S It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or somebody needs by purchasing .

C It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or help meet 's by buying things

S It is kind of you to join the event and buy something .

C It would be of you to attend event and buy something .

S It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great to others .

C It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great others .

S As one of the members of the school community , you can not miss the event , can't you ?

C As one of the members of the school community , you should n't the event , n't ?

S Also , there are some performances after the fun fair .

C Also , there are some performances after the funfair

S It supposes that you can enjoy the show .

C It supposes you can enjoy the show .

S If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .

C If these you should take part in the event haven't your appetite you might searching for information about the event last year .

S It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .

C It is hoped that the successful funfair other s ' will to participate in funfair

S It is believed that the fun fair will be hold successfully too this years .

C It is believed that the fun fair will be held this year too

S My favourite sport is fitness . I love go to the gym , because there we will meet new people , make friend and we can relax .

C My favourite sport is fitness . I love going the gym , because there we new people , make friends we can relax .

S I always go to the gym , I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .

C I always go to the gym . look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that

S When I am there I can relax and I try do not think about my problem and my work .

C When I am there I can relax and I try to think about my problems my work .

S I enjoy all the time when I am there .

C I enjoy myself the time when I am there .

S On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I can express all my feelings .

C On Wednesday that go to my belly dance lessons love it because I can express all my feelings .

S Sometimes We have apresentation and competition .

C Sometimes we a presentation competition .

S I am feeling very proud about that .

C I feel proud about that .

S I think all the people should practice one sport , we can feel better after that and that is very good for our healthy .

C I think everyone do sport . We feel better after that and that is very good for our health

S Effective teachers have a clear and consistent communication and management skills .

C Effective teachers have and consistent communication and management skills .

S The teacher use lesson time effectively .

C The teacher uses time effectively .

S Spend less time to pass .

C Spend less time to pass .

S Classroom management is good .

C Classroom management is good .

S Studies and monitors students ' progress , help them to deal with their problems .

C Studies and monitors students ' progress , helps to deal with their problems .

S Students must take a serious assessment about himself .

C Students must take a serious assessment about himself

S It was a cloudy and cold October night .

C It was a cloudy and cold October night .

S I was in a park when i saw a man standing just behind me .

C I was in a park when I a man standing just behind me .

S So I started to walk away to there , but the guy start to follow me .

C So I started to walk away from , but the guy started follow me .

S So I should to walk quickly until I can enter in a old and alone house behind the park .

C So I had walk quickly until I could and abandoned behind the park .

S I start to walk through the house until I listen a noise .

C I started walk through the house until I heard noise .

S Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appears behind me .

C Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appeared me .

S Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .

C Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .

S End .

C End .

S I live in a small city called Caceres .

C I live in a small city called Caceres .

S this city is located in the north of Extremadura .

C This is located in the north of Extremadura .

S In Cáceres take care of the environment .

C In Cáceres , we care of the environment .

S The People in this city are aware that there are care of nature .

C The people this city are aware that there are care of nature

S Therefore in this city there are not many factories .

C Therefore , this city there are not many factories .

S The people recycle the rubbish and they throw the rubbish at diferents containers .

C The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away rubbish in .

S The yellow container is for plastic as water bottles , the blue container is for cardboard as milk brick , the green container is for glass as glass bottles .

C The yellow container is for plastic , bottles ; blue container is for cardboard , cartons green container is for glass , bottles .

S Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .

C Every day sweepers clean the Caceres streets teach their children that must be thrown away the street .

S Sagrada Familia , or also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still in construction .

C Sagrada Familia , called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still under .

S Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who design it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .

C Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who designed in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .

S Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .

C Nowadays , due to the current , construction has been stopped until undetermined date

S It is interesting because it has

C It is interesting because it has

S Dear Sir or Madam ,

C Dear Sir or Madam ,

S when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .

C When was ten years old , really play football very . I a team is near to my home . prefer team because family is not rich they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do at a .

S The team is not very famous but I know in the future will be .

C The team is not very famous , I know in the future it be .

S I try to be football player in there .

C I try to be a player .

S The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .

C The team name comes from the , is AKSARAY . I play and watch football as well .

S I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .

C I want to advise all students to this sport for their to get rid . mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .

S After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .

C After doing , will feel your body and your will be without

S Therefore , everyone must make sport according to them ability .

C Therefore , everyone must do according to their .

S Finally , I prefer to play football because of my health .

C Finally , I like play football for health .

S In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind , which is sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .

C In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind are , incredible , magical or horrible .

S However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .

C However , one of my my heart so I ca n't ever forget it

S One night , as usual , I slept .

C One night , as usual , I was sleeping

S In a flash , I rolled down from a mountain and I did n't know where I was .

C In a flash , I rolled down mountain and I did n't know where I was .

S It just a very long tunnel where was dark and strange , After , I felt my body ache .

C It was a very long tunnel that dark and strange . , I felt my body ache .

S I began to yell that hoped someone could save me to leave from here .

C I began to yell and someone could help to leave

S Fifty minutes passed , when my body no longer was sore .

C Fifty minutes passed , and body was no longer .

S I decided to walk to the end .

C I decided to walk to the end .

S Constantly , I just walked like without terminal contest .

C Constantly I just walked like without terminal contest

S While I strugged to walk .

C While I struggled walk .

S Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .

C Finally , I saw a light woke up .

S Seeing same light appeared my eyes .

C Seeing same light appeared my eyes

S It lets me feel that it 's a strange dream .

C It makes feel that it was strange dream .

S Nowadays we see an enormous improvement of infrastructure .

C Nowadays we see an enormous improvement in .

S Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .

C Nevertheless , by car is easier for commuters , example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the discomfort of buses . In , is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers stop travelling by public transport , especially the government their in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would lives

S Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .

C Well , the way we use depends one of us

S Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .

C We will that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we have that use television for research

S For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .

C For example , the channel Animal Planet '' has a lot of information and how they

S In my opinion the people use television for distraction .

C In my opinion , television for distraction .

S When we come after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .

C When we come home work or school , we need a way relax .

S Maybe studies we make otherwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...

C Maybe studies we do another way in research computers , in books , etc ...

S The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .

C The television being and more utilized by , we are getting more problems with .

S It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf .

C It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf

S The capitalist 's world make us increasingly become us updated .

C The capitalist makes increasingly become us updated

S So we have to watch the national Journal for keep us connected .

C So we have to watch the national news us connected .

S Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .

C Nowadays , has ability buy a television , so the numbers of going ; even if you are or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .

S There are no apologizes to be a informed person .

C There are no excuses not be an person .

S To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .

C Going one of those that you can love or , like , you can hate

S Normally , I 'm not spending a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .

C Normally , I do n't spend lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .

S In general , I find it very boring and stressed .

C In general , I find it very boring and stressful

S If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is the high street of my town , or in another town or country .

C If I must do it , my favourite way of shopping on high street of my town , or in another town or country .

S These shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !

C The centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !

S Shopping online is neither , from my experience , a good way of shop .

C Shopping online is also not from my experience , a good way of shopping

S In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and to return the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it does n't worth it .

C In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and returning products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it is worth it .

S Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .

C It is much better take a walk along high street do for pleasure during this time

S Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by easy way in different places and this way cost us money .

C Socializing online helps to contact friends in way in different places and this way does n't us money .

S Socializing person does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .

C Socializing not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .

S Finally , we enjoy in both ways in our life .

C Finally , we enjoy ways in our life .

S For the last years , the public transport has been forget .

C For the last few , transport has been forgotten

S Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .

C Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .

S The people who do n't use the public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .

C People do n't use transport , think that travelling by car is much better .

S But they do n't know the big problem with the pollution .

C But they do n't know about big problem with .

S I think .

C I think .

S If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .

C If everybody used , the world would much better , will be less stressed because they will be not worried about parking spaces being the traffic .

S Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more healthy too .

C Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for be healthy too .

S Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has much better future .

C Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has a better future .

S There are two reasons .

C There are two reasons .

S The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .

C The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .

S Humans are the most sensitive luggage .

C Humans are the most sensitive luggage .

S You have to take vary much cares when you carry humans .

C You have to take very you carry humans .

S Even though people trying to develop drones to reduce logistic costs , it is difficult to apply the technology to carry humans .

C Even though people try develop drones to reduce logistical , it is difficult to apply to carrying .

S The second reason is automatic driving technology needs some more time for the development .

C The second reason is that driving technology needs some more time for .

S Also , the automatic driving technology is already applied for trains .

C Also , driving technology is already applied to .

S The running costs will be decreased .

C The running costs will be decreased .

S We are going on a vacation Next week .

C We are going on a vacation next .

S We prefer to Take A Flight To Hawaii .

C We prefer to take .

S We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .

C We love to travel here and there but this is the place I have go a time ago .

S I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes

C I hope it will fun there , and about the beautiful scenery makes me feel I must go while I can . I n't wait till the day comes .

S Dear |Hadeel ,

C Dear Hadeel

S How are you doing ?

C How are you doing ?

S And how is your family doing ?

C And how is your family doing ?

S I hope you are all doing well .

C I hope you are all doing well .

S I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .

C I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .

S Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .

C Following your letter , I want to tell you about the . It very beautiful , big or small , but - sized with rooms inside a bathroom and a dining room an external director categorize a beautiful view . am sure he will like it . come and Tri condo b soon , n end , I would say that I miss you so and I hope to see you soon .

S Take care and goodbye ! ! !

C Take care and goodbye ! ! !

S My favorite sport is swimming .

C My favorite sport is swimming .

S it 's because swimming is really fun .

C That because swimming is really fun .

S Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is in a summy day .

C Also , think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is sunny .

S The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .

C The advice that I would to someone who wants start swimming .

S It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .

C It is not to afraid of the , otherwise they ca n't to swim also , , will be more difficult to learn than when

S So these are the advice that i give for them .

C So , advice that I .

S English - I find it greating !

C English - I find it great

S I like learning English .

C I like learning English .

S It 's my passion .

C It 's my passion .

S I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .

C I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .

S I ca n't pronunciate well .

C I ca n't pronounce .

S I do n't know the stress of words is where .

C I do n't know where the stress of words is

S it 's so difficult .

C It so difficult .

S So bored when I ca n't continue learn English .

C So annoying I ca n't continue learning .

S Michael was alittle boy he was 10 years old he went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .

C Michael was a little . He 10 years old . He with his parents to his grandfather 's home .

S The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .

C The home was on the . There a tunnel and 's hole was the deep . At first used to be polite and obey other orders .

S Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .

C Once a day , met a girl called Sarah She 9 years old . bigger , him . Every they went to the sea to play swim the sun set . Once day Sarah a challenge who could the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of other hole on the shore , Michael afraid . He asking which animals could be there or if was there , he had choice , he accepted the challenge Sarah him she would first . She a breath ... a one , started to dive .

S Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .

C Micheal was afraid . He Sara get out . He to the shore to see she came the other side , he found no footprints . His called him and went home thinking about Sarah . It night and he afraid to again . He to sleep . Michael the door and knew at that he had made a mistake .

S An clean or healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .

C A and environment is always acceptable to kinds people .

S Our city is quite clean and livable , people are more careful than before .

C Our city is quite clean and habitable are more careful than before .

S They are sincerely manage wastage and avoid carbon generated products .

C They are sincerely managing avoiding - products .

S Also obedient to the rules and regulation of the city authority .

C Also , they rules and regulations the city authorities

S Initially , Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .

C First the system of our area more than before .

S Our authority now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .

C Our authorities follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization

S As a result , the city dwellers are now enjoying more healthy environment .

C As a result , the city - are now enjoying a healthy environment .

S It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organization working for waste management .

C It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up organizations for waste management .

S Due to our helpful people is works become easier .

C Due to our help , 's has easier .

S Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .

C In most not only my family members but also our neighbors to avoid carbon - level - products that responsible for temperature increases

S Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .

C Many organizations work to environmental awareness so people are more concerned pollution .

S Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .

C Now , the is working to emissions mills industry .

S Scientists and researcher jointly work for carbon emission lessening .

C Scientists and researchers work to carbon emissions

S Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .

C Some progress been made ; s also runs at speed .

S Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .

C Last but not , the strict rules and regulations a effective impact on good town .

S Our authority is more careful about the rules and regulation ; hence no - one can eschew the rules .

C Our authorities careful about the rules and regulations hence no - one can disobey rules .

S The job announcement on your webpage immediately took my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements meet just the skills that I can provide you with .

C The job announcement on your webpage immediately grabbed attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements are the skills that I can provide you with .

S The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 and since then it has been a big part of my life .

C The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 , since then , has been a big part of my life .

S Influenced by it I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .

C Influenced by it , started to look for universities in Scandinavia .

S Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .

C Since 2013 , have been English and Marketing Communication University College Syddanmark .

S It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and following is my reasons .

C It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and the are reasons .

S Firstly , shopping can waste you so much time .

C Firstly , shopping can waste much of your .

S You may not realize when you shopping happily .

C You may not realize it you shopping happily .

S But you may find that when you notice you have many things still need to finish .

C But you may find that when you notice you have many things you need to finish .

S Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .

C Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .

S You may come across something , such as luxury bags , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .

C You may come across something , such as a bag but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .

S Furthermore , even you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .

C Furthermore , even if just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .

S So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can find something much happier than shopping easily .

C So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can easily find something much happier than shopping

S My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket very much since from my school time .

C My favourite sport is cricket . I have loved very much since from my school days

S cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .

C Cricket a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .

S generally we are using criket ground as a oval shape .

C Generally , use a which has shape .

S Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by tram or trolley bus , which only follow the lines of their routes .

C Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by trams trolleybuses which only follow the lines of their routes .

S But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .

C But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes the of parking spaces me change statement .

S On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .

C On the hand , put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On other hand , you feel not well enough drive , you have no money to buy a car , the downtown of your city is closed to of transport except for ones , the , bus or trolleybus your way out

S HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?

C HOW CAN YOU AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?

S Good question about item , how can answer , if you would win £ 100 .

C Good question about item , how can answer if you want to £ 100 .

S I have a few easy recepts , how you can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help the environment .

C I have a few easy recepts how you can be a well off £ 100 how you can help the environment .

S Firstly , I describe how I can help my local environment and what I do useful for item .

C Firstly , I will how I can help my local environment and what I do that is for it

S I am a very stricte keen ecology person for 10 years .

C I have been very strict and ecologist 10 years .

S I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the local area .

C I am interested ways can in the local area .

S I am a serious fan of environment .

C I am a serious fan of the .

S I describe how it looking my every day .

C I describe how it looking everyday life

S I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .

C I tend to ride from home to work , I have used my car or buses for a time , because it not healthy costs a lot

S A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .

C A bicycle is for me the best way can be and in good condition and also pollution cars .

S Secondly , I save water and electricity , because costs are quit expensive .

C Secondly , I save water and electricity , because the are quite .

S So , my bills from water are inexpensive , because I swap to have a bath than take a shower .

C So , my bills for are inexpensive , because I have swapped bath to shower .

S Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home I do switch off the temperature .

C Next point is an issue that if I am not at home , off the heating

S I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .

C I switch on the heating a temporary period When am working from home , use energy to warm .

S Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .

C The next is the recycling and paper is very .

S I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .

C I tend to collect different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glass plastic and third for the of my .

S It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for us life .

C It 's a very domestic a huge issue for our

S We learn to really segreation of waste and in the future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .

C We learn to really segregate , the future , we could , for example , the same glass a second time

S Finally , we are obligatory to care about the environment , because it 's us duty .

C Finally , we are obligated care about the environment , because it 's our .

S I think it is true , because o lot of people like travelling by car .

C I think it is true , because a of people like travelling by car .

S But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .

C But there are some problems , these - how will a lot of people drive do n't like to drive or ca n't because they problems with their .

S Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases not privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this kind of transport willl not be useful .

C Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases , private but public , and we ca n't that this kind of transport will be useful .

S May be , in small part

C Maybe in small part

S Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .

C Some years ago when the weather was colder here people ate meat with wine . In , vegetables was not possible because of the weather .

S In fact today people interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .

C In fact , people are in drinking wine when or meeting with friends .

S There are various opinions about how foods plays essential role in our lifestyle .

C There are various opinions about how foods play an role in our lifestyle .

S Potatoes and meat are popular food between our people .

C Potatoes and meat are popular foods people .

S Although healthy diet is quite expensive young people follow special diet in order to have better body shape or healthy life .

C Although a diet is quite expensive , people follow special diets order to have a body shape or a life .

S Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .

C Actually , life has caused palate to change Instance people who work the of their waking hours to eat food more .

S Our commitments imposes us to forget ourselves and our healthy .

C Our commitments cause to forget ourselves and our health

S It may be cause increasing wight or reducing the number of necessary vitamines which our body needs .

C It may increasing weight reducing the number of necessary vitamins our body needs .

S In my view the reason of having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .

C In my view , reason for more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .

S In conclution if we have decision to living long following suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .

C In conclusion , we make a to live , a diet is crucial and unavoidable

S The members of my family is no where near my best friends .

C The members of my family are my best friends .

S You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .

C You see , I do not see members of one 's as 's friends because , , did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .

S And this may have effected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .

C And this may have affected way of thinking and acting in different situations .

S So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .

C So no , the of biological family are my best friends .

S Dear Sir ,

C Dear Sir ,

S Thank you for giving me the chance to transfere the information as per your request .

C Thank you for giving me the chance to pass on as per your request .

S For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .

C In town , there are many regulations that are enforced the municipality and the ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep horses , cows .. etc from being in the town and in the populated .

S Besides , due to the critical situation we are living and facing in iraq .

C Besides , due to the critical situation we are experiencing facing in Iraq

S As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .

C As we are fully dependant , these causing multiple problems with due to , and gas behind , in addition to noise , course , they the main of 18 continuous of .

S people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .

C People especially started Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of much they can of pollution

S Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , having nemourse green spaces .

C Other residential , using their potential to the environment by planting trees , roses , have spaces .

S Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .

C Also , the trushes very intelligent to keep the town clean get multiple uses out the products in industry lines

S on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .

C on the other hand the people in our city have social encouraging youngest people participate in the annual gardening festival the indoor and outdoor gardens .

S Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .

C Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .

S Although , each house can make a real difference by taking good care of the infront area and keeping it clean .

C Although household make a real difference by taking good care of the area in front of their houses keeping it clean .

S Hope that those information are of good use .

C Hope that this is

S Regards .

C Regards .

S Michael and Marcuangolo were friends but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .

C Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , in they were enemies . They amazing battles in the playground .

S One day at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .

C One day , the end of , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael and Michael ran away .

S Michael stopped and hit his enemy .

C Michael stopped and hit his enemy .

S Marcuangolo fell in the street .

C Marcuangolo fell in the street .

S A car crashed and Marcuangolo started bleeding .

C A car crashed into him Marcuangolo started bleeding .

S Michael took his enemy to the hospital .

C Michael took his enemy to the hospital .

S There was a doctor at the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .

C There was a doctor in emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .

S The doctor was angry and Michael cried .

C The doctor was angry and Michael cried .

S They brought Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .

C They took to a room and put the boy in a bed .

S The doctor ask for his phone number and he phoned his parents .

C The doctor asked his phone number and he phoned his parents .

S Michael understood that he must take away .

C Michael understood that he must take away

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S As soon as I came on university , my life changed .

C As soon as I came to , my life changed .

S Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .

C Before I started , I n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and sociable

S In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treated me very well .

C In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treat very well .

S I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .

C I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .

S The first day when I studied at the university , I had a lot of friends .

C The first day studied at the university , I made lot of friends .

S we sit around together and talk about where they live .

C We around together and talk about where they live .

S At the weekend , I like going for a walk and get some fresh air with my friend .

C At the weekend , I like going for a walk and getting fresh air with my friend .

S We laughed and eating together .

C We laugh eat .

S I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely .

C I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely

S I expect we 'll be the best friends forever .

C I expect we 'll be friends forever .

S it was a wonderful experience with me

C It a wonderful experience for .

S I was walking to football training session with my friend Michal last week .

C I was walking to a training session with my friend Michal last week .

S It was raining and it was dark .

C It was raining and it was dark .

S The weather was horrible .

C The weather was horrible .

S We were talking about the last match , we were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .

C We were talking about the last match . We discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .

S It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .

C It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .

S The people were screaming .

C The people were screaming .

S Some passengers were hurt and weak .

C Some passengers were hurt and weak .

S I ran to help them and also we called the ambulance .

C I ran to help them and we also an .

S The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .

C The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .

S It was a scary situation .

C It was a scary situation .

S We were shocked !

C We were shocked !

S Hi Isabel

C Hi Isabel

S I am living in Deria which is located in Dubai .

C I live Deria which is located in Dubai .

S It is small and quite city .

C It is a and quite city .

S I like the Indian resturants in the city , in addition infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise .

C I like the Indian restaurants the city . In , the and roads are well organised

S obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite related to actual problems , such as problems in the environment .

C obeying to statement above , it 's necessary to say that this a very interesting topic , because it 's closely to actual problems , such as problems with environment .

S This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .

C That to say , most are not green , namely ; cars are not designed to good impact on environment .

S Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .

C Regarding the reason for the described situation , due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , are aimed much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .

S Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?

C Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?

S For multinational maybe ?

C For multinationals ?

S Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car ?

C Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car

S , even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .

C , even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it indeed less harmful in terms of the impact on environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , whereas new car means increasing

S Travelling by would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .

C Travelling by public transport be more convenient with a good conscience of the planet .

S The idea of banned cars from the centre of all major cities have advantages and disadvantages .

C The idea of banning from the centre of all major cities has and disadvantages .

S The good things about not allow cars in the cities centres are that the traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster and the contamination will be less .

C The good things about not allowing in are that the traffic will be reduced , will be faster and the pollution be reduced

S On the other hand the bad things are that you have to park out of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .

C On the other hand , bad things are that you have to park outside the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you ca visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .

S In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car you could ask for a special permission .

C In my opinion , is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and times or if you need to visit a particular place with your car , could ask for permission .

S The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .

C In the where live , there is a lot of vegetation . For reason , try to protect the . One the things we do is to do week to the vegetation , if there is any garbage . To this , teach the younger generation so they do n't throw cans , paper , or on floor . They also the older people . There cases where person throws garbage on street on vegetation . To that happening again , have a punishment that is to pay some money . If n't , wo n't allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are . In case , tell or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice keep a beautiful place without garbage .

S More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us

C Another action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking of them . we have a care centre , other additional . We make environmental protection centers where can visit and learn about this . To up , village is very focussed taking care of the natural world that surrounds .

S Dear Sir / Madam

C Dear Sir / Madam ,

S I am one of a student in Telemark University College .

C I am one of the University College .

S I am studying Literature and Language bachelor programme .

C I am studying on the and Language bachelor programme .

S I am interested in this major so much .

C I am so interested in this major

S But it is not relevant for my future life .

C But it is not relevant to future life .

S If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .

C If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .

S It is from bachelor programme to 1 year 's programme .

C It is from the programme to the year .

S Could you help me please ?

C Could you help me please ?

S Sincerely

C Sincerely

S Lian Glai Hu Patel

C Lian Glai Hu Patel

S Studentnr : 012345

C Studentnr : 012345

S Hello Jo !

C Hello Jo !

S how are you?I have just received your letter .

C how are you ? I just received your letter .

S In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .

C In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it a country to improve with your job , also also , it easy to find job . There many jobs many different types of jobs .

S this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .

C This has interesting places visit . If want to an , have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .

S If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .

C If you want to have fun , can to Parque la Costa . There many interesting rollercoasters

S And if you want to go the best museum of art in Argentina you should go to malba .

C And if you want to go to best museum of art in Argentina , should go to Malba

S see you soon ,

C See soon ,

S Richard .

C Richard .

S In my opinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .

C In my opinion , transportation is the convenient way to travel The air pollution is reason that I prefer public transportation .

S On the other hand it is very economic than owne car .

C In addition , is more owning a .

S Whatever you can save the time and go any where more quickly by public transport .

C You save and go anywhere quickly by public transport .

S Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .

C Nowadays in school , learn a lot of subjects we use more or less our lives . Some them are really important , but some of them are just a time .

S On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their

C On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their

S I was born in Danderyds hospital 2001 .

C I was born in Danderyd 's in .

S When i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .

C When I born , grams and I 52 centimeters tall .

S I have one big brother he is 14 years old and goes to mörby skolan .

C I have one big brother , is 14 years old and goes to Mörby

S I have only lived on one place in my life .

C I have only lived in place in my life .

S I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video games .

C I like parkour because it 's fun . like guitar and playing video games .

S The best place i 've visited is probably orlando because i like all the amusement parks and roller coaster .

C The best place I visited is probably Orlando I all the amusement parks and roller coasters

S My favorite is the hulk roller coaster at universal studios .

C My favorite is the Hulk coaster at universal studios .

S My favorite foods is pizza , tacos and Kebab .

C My favorite foods are , tacos and kebab

S The given topic to write about is a common issue now a days in my country .

C The given topic to write about is a common issue nowadays my country .

S Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .

C Public transport is not convenient for most people because every person wants to arrive his destination on time , when public transport it is very difficult to arrive time .

S FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S

C FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S

S all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .

C It began 1981 when Freddy Pizza The is pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant robots . In there were four animatronics and their names were , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .

S Three robots in specific hour make a show with instruments like a band .

C Three robots at a hour perform show with instruments like a band .

S Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .

C Foxy the pirate performs show on her own her pirate cove . children love because he with the kids , about the pirates and telling pirate story .

S When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .

C When Freddy sing , kids screamed they sang Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . played drums Chica served pizza to the children , This year the establishment they found the body of a dead child .

S In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with more friendly appearance .

C In 1983 , restaurant reopened with more security and robots with a friendly appearance .

S The establishment seek a security guard who had to keep the pizza restaurant at night , I am the security man .

C The establishment sought security guard who had to guard pizza restaurant at night . am the security man .

S When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .

C When I saw the advertisement for job , that , thought it be easy . called the number , they give me the information , I accepted

S The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .

C The rules are simple : look at laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until and close the doors if you need to . said .

S My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .

C My first night was easy because I watched screen and passed to camera and nothing strange happened . could only hear footsteps and noises .

S My second and third night they were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do something to me .

C My second and third nights strange because on cameras the animatronics moved if they to get to my room and do something to me .

S The fourth and fifth night were the worst because the animatronics were very active , closed it and opened the doors because they try to get into my room .

C The fourth and fifth nights the worst because the animatronics were very active , they opened the doors because they were trying get into my room .

S but I could survive the night .

C But managed to the night .

S After tonight remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza

C After tonight , left place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza .

S Dear Linda ,

C Dear Linda ,

S Imy name is Lorenza .

C My is Lorenza .

S My height is 1.65 metres .

C My height is 1.65 metres .

S My hair are browns and my eyes are dark . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read cot and a yellow scarf .

C My hair is my eyes are dark . I will arrive at Central Station at eleven o'clock I will wear a read coat a yellow scarf .

S See you later .

C See you later .

S Thank you very much .

C Thank you very much .

S Lo

C Lo

S Hi friend ,

C Hi friend ,

S In this holiday I go to Barcelona with my girlfriend .

C This I am with my girlfriend .

S It is an amazing city , it is really enjoy .

C It is an amazing city , it is really fun

S You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .

C You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .

S It is the most European city of Spain .

C It is the most European city in .

S Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .

C Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .

S After a long flight , it reaches the orbit that is very long way far out of the solar system .

C After a long flight , it reaches an that is a long way of the solar system .

S NASA replied as a very amazing achievement that Rosetta reaches out of solar system .

C NASA replied that it was really achievement that Rosetta left the system .

S This may become a have leap after Armstrong landed on the Moon .

C This may be since landed on the Moon .

S NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey on travelling across the Universe .

C NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey across the Universe .

S Travelling by car becomes a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired timings .

C Travelling by car is becoming comfortable factor because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired time

S This would gradually kill public transport .

C This will kill public transport .

S One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .

C One more reason is that banks provide a lower interest rate , makes people one to improve their comfort level .

S People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .

C People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone improve his life to make it but how can we do that doing anything ? with education and health , are the important things to be better .

S everyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .

C Everyone focus not only on education but also on others .

S To learn , to read , to be knowledge .

C To learn , to read , to be knowledgeable

S We need to focus on our inner skills and improve it .

C We need to focus on our inner and improve them

S No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .

C No progress will happen without a . Each a dream he achieve , first of all he needs put a plan in place also a one .

S Our great example in changing is German .

C Our great example of Germany

S after the second world war the improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .

C After Second , themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .

S In my city is very usual to find many dog 's shits in the road .

C In my city is very usual to find a lot of the road .

S Is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not stepping one .

C It is big problem and it is almost a miracle not to step in .

S The solution I think would be to fine to owners .

C The solution , think , be to fine .

S I think that not is a problem of awareness .

C I think that is not problem of awareness .

S I think the people know that his dogs litter the city but they prefer not to do nothing .

C I think know that their litter the city , they prefer not to do anything

S It is easier and more comfortable .

C It is easier and more convenient

S If they would had to pay then they would do .

C If they to pay , they would do it

S In general the city looks clean .

C In general , city looks clean .

S The cleaning services work well .

C The cleaning services work well .

S Normally in the night .

C Normally in the night .

S In the hall tow care about city Center .

C In the town hall , they about the center

S There are plants everywhere .

C There are plants everywhere .

S Madrid has many parks and many trees .

C Madrid has many parks and many trees .

S These also can be a problem because recently they are falling because they are older .

C These also can be a problem , recently are falling down they are old

S The hall tow has created a group that works studying the tree 's age to prevent further falls

C The town hall created a group that works studying the tree s ' to prevent further falls

S We should must proper planing for our city to proper look after of it .

C We should our city to properly after .

S Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .

C Actually , there are many huge problems our just as there is drainage system for it , specific canal system through which we can properly clean city .

S There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .

C There another issue that is due to heavy few enough so that most are distributed to these issues .

S Dear Mrs. Kate Ashby ,

C Dear Mrs. ,

S Hope all is well with you .

C I hope is well with you .

S I would like to invite you in exciting job offer for your weekends in my cafe .

C I would like to invite you to apply for job opportunity spend weekends working my cafe .

S your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .

C Your will be of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be for managing all levels use in order to improve our cafe .

S Also you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .

C Also , will manage . 16 people you will have a free hand deal with as you like .

S we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .

C We looking a range between $ 42 $ 90 hour , and only 2 days week

S I hope to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .

C I hope you offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .

S our address is 12st , Arizona , united state .

C Our is 12st , Arizona , United of America

S tel : 001012345678901

C tel : 001012345678901

S thanks in advise .

C Thanks advance

S Amr Hamdani ,

C Amr Hamdani ,

S CEO , Green Pepper cafe

C CEO , Green Pepper cafe

S Istanbul Locate in turkey .

C Istanbul is located Turkey

S It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .

C It is the capital city of turkey and it has large area . lot of people in Istanbul .

S Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .

C Istanbul buildings are simple and have a than cities .

S I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .

C I think it will be changed become and contain buildings

S What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .

C What erer not , I will always it more than any place in the world

S Hello ,

C Hello ,

S My name is Alejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years old , I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .

C My name is Alejandro Martín . 'm 30 years old . have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .

S It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .

C It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .

S I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .

C I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In there were good values , sharing helping

S Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , they have been teaching me how I must educate , for several years .

C Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , taught how I should for several years .

S I asked myself If I had had the possibility of change the world , I would have tried to do all that in your hands .

C I ask If I the possibility to the world , would I do all that in your hands

S I always think this , because teenagers are the change of our planet .

C I always think this , because teenagers are the future our planet .

S So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .

C So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .

S I 'm looking forward to your reply

C I 'm looking forward to your reply .

S Best of wishes .

C Best .

S Alejandro

C Alejandro

S I was born 2001 in august the 10th in Danderyd .

C I was born in on 10th in Danderyd .

S I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .

C I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .

S I have always lived in Danderyd .

C I have always lived in Danderyd .

S My favorite sports/ hobbies is windsurfing and sailing .

C My favorite sports/ hobbies are and sailing .

S The best place i ever have been on is an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .

C The best place I ever is on island in the east archipelago in Sweden .

S Its not much trees there and a lot of high mountains .

C There are many there and a lot of high mountains .

S There is much that i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't know what i 'm most proud of .

C There is a lot I proud of in my life , actually I n't know what I most proud of .

S A very big weakness i have is that i can forget nearly everything especially homework and other school stuff .

C A very big weakness I is that I forget nearly everything , homework and other school stuff .

S Three words that describe me really good is :

C Three words that describe me really well

S happy funny and sometimes bothersome

C happy , and sometimes bothersome .

S A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .

C A thing that I like to know that it 's a good idea to me when I 'm .

S I do n't actually know .

C I do n't actually know .

S some day i want to go to Bali because it 's seems like a really nice place .

C Someday to go to Bali , it like a really nice place .

S three things that i could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .

C Three that I do with a bike , to be sick and bad computers .

S my favorite movie is the wolf of wall street .

C My movie is The Wall

S i do n't have a favorite book .

C I n't have a favorite book .

S my favorite song is prayer in C

C My song is Prayer C .

S my favorite singer is AVICII

C My singer is AVICII .

S Simpsons or family guy .

C Simpsons or Family

S my favorite food is fillet beef with bea and pommes .

C My food is fillet of with bea pommes .

S my favorite restaurant is TGI fridays .

C My restaurant is TGI Fridays

S when i learned to wind'surf .

C When to windsurf

S If you have a car you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car so they are used to go by bus and for them this way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since they were children .

C If you have a car , think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who do have a car , they are used to going bus and , them , way of travelling has become more convenient they have done it since they were children .

S Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .

C Therefore you have the result of the social situation in which live .

S Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .

C Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's and better for the environment . for , think that cars are and an way to travel places , because cars are anytime so near to your home , transportation , you have to to most countries . And , are all the time . You go at 4 am and no one will anything , because it 's , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight and a hours at night , in an situation for example , what will you you do not have your own car ? Your is sick , or your or your elderly . And , general , more we rely ourselves , more our government is to help the poor homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We ask the government to improve the and the traffic light systems , and more petrol and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around safely in a short amount of .

S Everyone use public transport every day .

C Everyone uses transport every day .

S It is difficult to imagine how we can live without it .

C It is difficult to imagine how we could without it .

S But in spite of this a lot of people have a dream about a car .

C But in spite of this , lot of people have a dream about owning car .

S The most said that using a car more convenient than using a public transport .

C Most people using a car is convenient than using transport .

S Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .

C Of course , transport has a lot of advantages , , do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops you can go everywhere want at convenient for you .

S Dear Alex ,

C Dear Alex ,

S Long time no see .

C Long time no see .

S How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have met each other why do n't we go to the cinema .

C How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have seen other . Why n't we go to the cinema ?

S We are going to find a romantic movie or fiction movie .

C We are going to look for romantic movie or a science movie .

S So what time will you finish session ?

C So , time will you finish school

S I will wait for you in the gate cinema .

C I will wait for you at cinema entrance

S Please respond at your earliest convenience ,

C Please respond at your earliest convenience ,

S Best ,

C Best ,

S Phuong .

C Phuong .

S 27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film , it is recommended for all ages .

C 27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film . It recommended for all ages .

S I saw it with my family , my children and my husband , we had a good afternoon .

C I saw it with my family ; children and my husband . We a good afternoon .

S The film is based on a girl , she is invited to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .

C The film is about girl . She invited to many weddings and is a maid of honor at of them .

S She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .

C She has twenty - maid of honor dresses Meanwhile she falls love with a boy who is very handsome but he works magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He a good writer , and she unknowns .

S The plot is well constructed , since the beginning becomes quite gripping .

C The plot is well constructed , it becomes quite gripping from the beginning

S The main characters , the actors are very younger and enjoyable .

C The main characters very young enjoyable .

S This history develors a mixture of themes that courage , family values , friendly and love .

C This story mixture of themes such as , family values , friendship love .

S In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you shoudl go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .

C In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you should to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .

S Nowadays we have a lot of environmental problems .

C Nowadays , have a lot of environmental problems .

S Transport polution is one of the most dangerous .

C Transport pollution one of the most dangerous .

S Almost every family have more than one car .

C Almost every family has than one car .

S As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .

C As a result , are overloaded and long jams the

S On the one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to have it or not .

C On the one hand , quantity cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a right to have one not .

S On the other hand the government should think about some measures for protecting environment .

C On the other hand , government should think about some measures for protecting the .

S For example inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .

C For example , dates in a year for using only public transport .

S Also improving measure might be as an encreasing green areas in cities and towns .

C Also , another measure might be areas in cities and towns .

S Rivers and seas are in danger too .

C Rivers and seas are in danger too .

S Unfortunately many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .

C Unfortunately , tourists do n't about keeping ( on the river bank or on the ) .

S Factories damage nearest areas and water extremaly bad .

C Factories damage nearby and water extremely

S In my opinion , firstly , new bilding on the banks must forbidden at all .

C In my opinion , firstly , new buildings the banks must be at all

S Secondly , rules for tourists about caring environment must be very strick .

C Secondly , rules for tourists about caring for the must be very strict

S I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .

C I think will the most important benefits if everybody takes care of space in the best way .

S When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .

C When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .

S Sports is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health including both aspects that are physical and mental .

C Sport a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health , both aspects that are physical and mental .

S My favorite sport is Hockey .

C My favorite sport is Hockey .

S The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .

C The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on the available after earning my daily bread , to say , sharing moments with my lovely family .

S I often participate in friendly matches to keep physical abilities up to the mark .

C I often participate in friendly matches to keep my abilities up to the mark .

S While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .

C While putting a of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that day can be tiring one decides play longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to you will up your mental .

S It does require to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .

C It does require you explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .

S It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .

C It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .

S Top of all , one has to learn to maintain the sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .

C Above , one has to learn to maintain , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .

S In the present world television is very important .

C In today 's , is very important .

S But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,

C But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative . Most around the world can see any news . Media more helpful . Television also used a study resource , example for classes ,

S online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see

C online courses etc . Television a very medium We improve our language with the help of the television . Now can see

S that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also.according to the present world without television

C that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also . the present world without television

S no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more impotent .

C no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more important

S Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in good mannar , help his parent with daily activities .

C Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in a way help his parents daily activities .

S Michael 's parents were absolute poor , they hardly paid school fees for him although they did their best to see him be educated .

C Michael 's parents were absolutely , they hardly paid school fees for him , they did their best to see him be educated .

S One day , Michael were going to school for his final examination .

C One day , Michael was to school for his final examination .

S saddenly , an old carried a heavy load hit him and fall down .

C Suddenly an old carrying heavy load hit him and fell .

S When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him , when he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him . When returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S My name is Natalia Goraya .

C My name is Natalia Refana

S I am from Lviv , Ukraine .

C I am from Lviv , Ukraine .

S I am 30 .

C I am 30 .

S Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate me .

C Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate .

S I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .

C I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .

S I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .

C I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .

S I am prepared to look after children .

C I am prepared to look after children .

S I work as a teacher for ten years .

C I have worked a teacher for ten years .

S I am also a volunteer in the youth church club .

C I am also a volunteer for church club .

S All free time I work with children and teach them .

C All my time , work with children and teach them .

S I usually go camping with children to the mountains .

C I usually go camping with children to the mountains .

S On holiday we do different sports , cook in the fire and have fun .

C On holiday we do different sports , cook on fire and have fun .

S I am the right person for you .

C I am the right person for you .

S hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .

C Hello!I a - girl from Italy .

S I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .

C I really love taking of myself , so , decided to go every day in the evening .

S It 's takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .

C It 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .

S I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .

C I love walking near the harbour my city , so I can have a look at beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , so , take deep .

S If you walk on the seaside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .

C If you walk at seaside in the evening you can also have possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that 's emotion I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath

S I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !

C I suggest everybody should same evening walk You need pair of comfortable shoes

S There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .

C There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .

S commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .

C Commuters to travel by car compared to public transport .

S The main reason for people do n't like to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding

C The main reason for people not travel by public transport is .

S Travel by train is very expensive nowadays .

C Travelling train is very expensive nowadays .

S People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .

C People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .

S Dear Federico ,

C Dear Federico ,

S Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like say some things that will help you .

C As know , I worked a youth camp year , so you want to take this job I would like to some things that will help you .

S In the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .

C On positive side , the size of the groups is really small .

S I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .

C I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .

S This kind of job is very useful if you want improve your English skills .

C This kind of job is very useful if you want to your English skills .

S I recommend this experience .

C I recommend this experience .

S On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !

C On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to for cost living in London and in addition money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't November !

S Can you believe it ?

C Can you believe it ?

S In any way , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have listened that in this month the organization is better than in July .

C Anyway I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have heard in that the organization is better than in July .

S I wish you luck and a good experience .

C I wish you luck and a good experience .

S Regards , Alex

C Regards , Alex

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately he two weeks ago .

S this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .

C This his sister 's birthday . Now the suitable moment to announce her " , .

S Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sister " peter said and gave here key of a car

C Then peter started happy birthday my lovely sister " , said , gave her key

S Sara was so amazed and hug here brother and grateful him .

C Sara was so amazed and hugged and thanked .

S after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang

C After , celebrations a lot of their friends one presented a gift to . She really and , , doorbell been rang

S she was her old friend Tia .

C It her old friend Tia .

S Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .

C Sara stood and stared at a few minuets and hugged bowed coming and thanked They n't seen each other several years since had their studies Really was a moment and they together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , until the evening , and to visit their college the weekend to recall the best memories . was this celebration and contacted prepared for all this to . never forgot day .

S Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .

C Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .

S It 's much faster much more convenient than using public transportation .

C It 's much faster and more convenient than using public transportation .

S The only drawback that comes along using cars is limitation in fuel resources .

C The only drawback that comes along with cars is limited .

S However , it seems that each day a new source for extracting fuels is exploring .

C However , it seems that each day a new way fuels is being explored

S Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economical and cultural center , but also a city of long history .

C Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economic cultural center , but also a city with a history .

S It was the capital of Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .

C It was the capital of the dynasty and Qing dynasty , so has a lot of architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .

S Especially the Forbidden City is the largest architectural complex which is best - kept in the current .

C The Forbidden City , especially , the largest architectural complex which is the - kept in the current .

S It represents the highest architectural achievement in the ancient China .

C It . It the highest architectural achievement in China .

S The Great Wall is located in the north of Beijing .

C The Great Wall is located to north of Beijing .

S It is more than thousands of mails long .

C It is more than thousands of miles .

S It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .

C Building started the dynasty . purpose to resist the , but now it is a great place to visit .

S These architecture also represents the culture of China .

C These architecture also represents the culture of China .

S Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .

C Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .

S You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...

C You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...

S Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .

C Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .

S " The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .

C " The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .

S If we 're planning for what we have then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .

C If we 're planning for what we have , we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .

S Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .

C Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .

S When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety then private transport is more likely to consider .

C When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety , private transport is more likely to be considered

S In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping up in your own car .

C In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping own car .

S Private transport is totally on your own , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .

C Private transport travel totally on your own , so there remains no tension about a certain stop specific time .

S Travelling privately makes one free of the issues as harrasment .

C Travelling privately makes one free of like

S Although many transport providers look forward to eradicate this problem , yet it remains .

C Although many transport providers are trying eradicate this problem , it still .

S Public travelling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .

C Public transport problems for to increasing fares .

S People often tend to go on their own as private transport such as cars can be bought easily on loans provided by banks .

C People often tend to go on their own , private vehicles , as cars can be bought easily with provided by banks .

S Looking on a wider span , cars are these days available according to the public demand .

C Looking on a wider span cars are available these days to demand .

S For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .

C For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .

S With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .

C With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .

S The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , convenient and comfortable mode of travelling .

C The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , more and comfortable way travelling .

S The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .

C The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .

S It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .

C It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .

S Suddenly we heard the sound of running footsteps .

C Suddenly , heard the sound of running footsteps .

S Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .

C Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .

S Nervously , we walked back .

C Nervously , we walked back .

S Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street

C Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street .

S We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .

C We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .

S There was one old granny who was beat up .

C There was an granny who had been .

S We try to gave her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Than we were trying to find help ,

C We tried give help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Then tried find help ,

S but nobody was opening doors .

C but nobody was opening their .

S On our luck I had a mobile phone , but Michael was saying that we need to escape because we did not know are those bullies near the corner .

C On Luckily , had a mobile phone , but Michael said we needed run away we did not know whether bullies were corner .

S My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I 've done that .

C My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I did .

S After we came to the ambulance , police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .

C After we came to the ambulance , police the police one patrol caught men did to that granny and the other patrol talked us .

S I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .

C I found out that the 's was and she had had an after the incident

S To our relief , she was saved and when we went to granny room , we saw smile on her face .

C To our relief , she was saved and when we went to the 's , we saw a on her face .

S We were also happy , but in Michael head came a lot of things .

C We were also happy , but in Michael 's there were lot of things .

S He knew that if we escape at that moment when the granny was at the ground , she would most probably die .

C He knew that if we had away that moment when the granny was on ground , she would most probably die .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S My name is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 years old I 'm married and I do n't have children .

C My name is Kamaldeen . 'm 31 years old . 'm married and I do n't have children .

S I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .

C I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .

S I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .

C I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .

S I rose up in Al Qassim region and I lived the best time in my life in Al Qassim .

C I grew in Al Qassim region and I had best time of life in Al Qassim .

S I have big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .

C I have a family contains my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .

S I studied in Al Qassim University and my major Microbiology .

C I studied at Qassim University and my major was .

S I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .

C I graduated from my college in 2001 . After , got a at Health I have been working there since 2010 .

S I like a lot of activities such as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .

C I like a lot of activities , as travelling , reading playing and watching .

S I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .

C I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to the it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .

S Travelling pubic is cheaper .

C Travelling on transport cheaper .

S On the other hand , not everybody can own the car .

C On the other hand not everybody can own a .

S Public transport is suitable for those who have no own car .

C Public transport is suitable for those who have no car of their own

S Besides , public transport will reduce traffice jam .

C Besides , public transport will reduce traffic

S Today , government focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their supporting .

C Today , governments on how to improve public transport and they also increase their support

S So public transport is improved continuously .

C So public transport is improved continuously .

S I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .

C I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .

S My favorite sport is volleyball .

C My favorite sport is volleyball .

S This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .

C This sport causes jolly me I think exercise will me to be . If start volleyball , you need a ball and a of ground that is separated a

S Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .

C Shopping takes place the biggest part for , but sometimes is so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .

S First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality who does n't like crowds of people walking around .

C First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality that n't like crowds of people walking around .

S Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with happiness .

C Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with joy

S What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing which you really want .

C What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing that really want .

S To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .

C To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack , you will not be able to take in .

S Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .

C Human life changed lot in recent , and it seems that this will happen every day . the changes in our of thinking adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .

S Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .

C Technology advances too and it is really difficult to guess kind of stuff or artefacts there be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , flying cars , smartphones size of a small piece of , really thin laptops a of an , clothes that clean themselves change and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances

S All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .

C All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns time will focus on making and spending . This the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to offices the firms are giving more and more facilities for employees to be more efficient .

S At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .

C Finally the kind of life we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life but this will be only to make money and consume more and more . Also be faster of waste make their possessions often and stimulate

S Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .

C Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of forest and wetland because of long - term human activities , for instance and transport networks are the balance of the .

S Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .

C Firstly , is clear that more houses transport networks are for our people . What known us is that the population growth is a big problem creates a need more space in

S And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,

C And building transport networks is also a us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten spent , while animals not welcome .

S In order to command the psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI

C In order to command psychology of the , it was necessary for me to know the new trends

S design .

C design .

S Therefore , with the good UI design , many people will have the user experience with pleasure .

C Therefore , with a UI design , many people will have a user experience

S The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .

C A user experience will be good for and be good for making commerce .

S Once upon a time there was living a little girl in a small town .

C Once upon a time there was a little girl living a small town .

S She was very shy , sensitive and embarressed .

C She was very shy , sensitive and embarrassed

S She dreamt about living in a big city where anyone would n't know her .

C She dreamt about living in a big city where no one her .

S She had just wanted to hide from this world .

C She wanted to hide from this world .

S Her name was Lora .

C Her name was Lora .

S Lora has grown up and become a very pretty adult .

C Lora grew and became very pretty adult .

S She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university and started to work .

C She Kyiv , graduated from university , started to work .

S Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .

C Although tried to hide , became great and model .

S She has even got a boyfriend , Michael .

C She had got a boyfriend , Michael .

S She loved him ..

C She loved him ..

S He was her first man , best friend and lover .

C He was her first man , best friend and lover .

S He was everything for her .

C He was everything to .

S He loved her for her flame .

C He loved her for her fame

S He wanted to own all she had .

C He wanted to own all she had .

S From time to time it seemed to him that he loved her .

C From time to time , seemed to him that he loved her .

S But it was very short emotion .

C But it was a brief .

S Once Lora came and told him that she was sick .

C Once , came to him told him that she was sick .

S She cried .

C She cried .

S But Michael was n't worried .

C But Michael was n't worried .

S Lora noticed his coldness .

C Lora noticed his coldness .

S She asked him to go .

C She asked him to go .

S She was killed by his coldness .

C She was killed by his coldness .

S He went out .

C He went out .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than any other things you might think of .

C Football is my favorite sport so I more attention to it than to other thing might think of .

S I had been following series of football 's events in and around the world at large .

C I have following series of football in world at large .

S I took this time to command people who are sacrificing their entire life of the betterment of sportsmanship .

C I took this time to command who sacrifice entire lives betterment of sportsmanship .

S With all that , I do have my favorite club team n country as well .

C With all that , I do have my favorite club , and as well .

S And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .

C And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .

S My favorite club is Barcelona and country is Cameroon although that I am from Liberia .

C My favorite club is Barcelona and my favorite is Cameroon although am from Liberia .

S I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .

C I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you best .

S What really makes me to love Barcelona is that they play the football , instead of them running around .

C What really makes me Barcelona is that they play , instead of around .

S They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .

C They always buy players that will make the club . People say this ; " Barcelona n't buy players " , it not like lack .

S We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .

C We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .

S You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .

C You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .

S As normal humanbeings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it.it's not because you have more money then you lavish it .

C As normal human beings you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it . It 's because you have more money then you lavish it .

S So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .

C So , i love my team and my staff how they run things in my team .

S The facts should not be hidden Barcelona is the best club team in the world , you like or not .

C The facts should not be hidden . is the best club team in the world , whether like it not .

S I am writing about the international sports I have seen monthly magazine .

C I am writing about the international sports monthly magazine I have seen

S I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant also you never hurt yourself badly .

C I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable elegant never hurt yourself badly .

S Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .

C Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .

S The advice I would give to someone who starting this sport .

C The advice I would give to someone who is this sport , is ,

S first of all you should eat healthy food to have a good physic , do more exercises and sleep less .

C first of all , should eat healthy food to have a good physique do more exercise sleep less .

S Most people who play Tennis are always ready and proud about themselves .

C Most people who play tennis always ready and proud of .

S Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .

C Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .

S I reach home at 13:00 then I take my lunch and relax for an hour .

C I reach home at 13:00 , I have lunch and relax for an hour .

S In the evening I watch movies .

C In the evening I watch movies .

S we all know that do sport is very important to keep our life healthy and happy .

C We know that doing is very important to keep our lives and happy .

S My favourite sport actually is walking;and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .

C My favourite sport at the moment walking , and prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .

S I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .

C I also like in public streets gardens , clubs and on the shore . When to go anywhere , I my best to go on foot .

S I like this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about my good time when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .

C I have liked sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about the times I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .

S The walking can also fitness and do the knee stronger .

C The Walking also fitness and make knees .

S It would be interesting to accompain your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .

C It would be interesting to accompany best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .

S I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .

C I advise suffer from laziness and obesity to to walk for least one hour after that they will like this sport .

S Hi !

C Hi !

S I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or something on that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .

C I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or anything , but I really like to do exercises for my body .

S I think it 's important to maintain our tone and of course our health .

C I think it 's important to maintain our tone and , course , health .

S Because , when we practice a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy , that it 's happening with me .

C Because we do sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy . That with me .

S But we have concrete examples , which we should wear follow and which already demonstrated that nothing it 's impossible .

C But we have concrete examples , which we should and which already demonstrate nothing is

S Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they are two people which succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .

C , like Comaneci or Gica Hagi . They two people who in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .

S They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .

C They are passionate about do . More , people love with their job .

S It is an important thing to love and like a lot what we practice , because that it 's the key .

C It is an important thing to love or a lot what we do because that is key .

S The pleasure and your will will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .

C The pleasure and your willpower help you to succeed and to get the best scores .

S In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite sport is one of most pleasant for me .

C In my opinion this subject , , one 's sport is one of the pleasant for me .

S I love to do joking in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .

C I love to go the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .

S If I do that , now the day is one of my best days , it 's a managed day for me .

C If I do that , now the day is one of my best days . It a managed for me .

S In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all and I do n't refuse nothing .

C In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . like to do a little of everything I do n't refuse anything

S Flori .

C Flori .

S This crime was happened about six years ago .

C This crime about six years ago .

S It was in Italy , exatly in Bergamo .

C It was in Italy , Bergamo to be precise

S Yara finished one of your training .

C Yara finished one of her sessions

S Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .

C Her parents , within an of the training 's end became worried

S The parents called her , but she did n't answer .

C The parents called her , but she did n't answer .

S Then , when she did n't return at home , her parents reported the passing of their daughter .

C Then , when she did n't return , her parents reported the disappearance their daughter .

S The surveys were concentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .

C The investigations concentrated all on construction site of Mapello .

S In December 2010 , Fikri was banged - up by the police .

C In December 2010 , Fikri was arrested the police .

S Three month after her passing , she was rediscovered dead along the stream .

C Three month after her disappearance she was found in stream .

S Definitely , the public transportation does n't have any future .

C Definitely , transportation does n't have any future .

S A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .

C A good proportion the population prefer to buy a car to go to , the church in faster and more way .

S Every year thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .

C Every year , of cars sold the demand is growing .

S Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to remark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish the environment contamination if we use public transportation .

C Probably only opportunity to change this will be to mention the opportunity to save energy and reduce environmental we use public transportation .

S Television has many advantages .

C Television has many advantages .

S It is not only entertains , but also educates .

C It only entertains , but also educates .

S There are many educational programmes which we can get penfit of it .

C There are many educational programmes which we can get benefits

S Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .

C Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .

S Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .

C Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In , are important tournaments which important European teams participate are called the Champions League " and the Europa League " . Football a team sport . In , participates in this sport excluding

S The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .

C People to play football on regular . After time , will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough running around the pitch times .

S If you often train your muscles will become very strong .

C If you train often muscles will become very strong .

S Another thing you do not have is the ball control .

C Another thing you do not have is control .

S The ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .

C . Ball is the control you have when you run with the ball .

S you can improve it running with the ball and gradually you will improve your ball control .

C You improve it by with the ball and , , will improve your ball control .

S How to make true mistake ?

C How to make a ?

S I 'll tell you a story happened at school

C I 'll tell you a story that at school .

S as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .

C Any rainy when you a in school never ever ends but day was a than other normal rainy because I to as a smart girl who used to let because she wanted feel needed by but not have many friends in school except " Michael " .

S all my class called me creep ugly geek but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams

C All class called me creep ugly geek , still little good when a teacher wanted from them the exams

S are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;

C were the couple of , Michael tried stop me doing that because they never became friends and I better .

S that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you

C That , finished student to understand his math lesson . friend Michael asked me to do the same and give her an sheet for all the exams . I from me . Anyway up courage and her that was wrong and become to do that in college start studying and I 'd her to study the hard lessons ( I very sad to say no & that asked me that ) . She angry and told me I help her because we she was my best friend Then her I her NO and she said "

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Pollution as a problem in the environment

C Pollution as a problem in the environment

S Years ago , pollution was not a big problematic to deal with .

C Years ago , pollution was not a big problem deal with .

S Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .

C Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .

S Our ancestors used to live in a unselfish life .

C Our ancestors used to live life .

S Nowadays , pollution is a plobelmatic that we have to solve before it gets worse .

C Nowadays , pollution is a problem we have to solve before it gets worse .

S A new way of transport mut be included .

C A new mode transport must found

S We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of transport as go by bike or by walking .

C We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of getting around , such cycling .

S Not only will solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .

C Not only will this pollution , it will also us to get rid of .

S We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .

C We should alternatives for around our routines .

S Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .

C Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .

S We have no idea of how much damage factories causes to the rivers and seas .

C We have no idea of how much damage factories cause the rivers and seas .

S In fact , the factories waste goes to the rivers .

C In fact , ' goes into rivers .

S The government should improve a new law to regularize this damage .

C The government should introduce new law to correct damage .

S As we can see modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .

C As we can see , is causing damage and seas .

S In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .

C In my opinion , pollution a problem entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more . Any of help is necessary .

S Dear grandmother ,

C Dear Grandmother

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S I haven't seen you for a long time .

C I haven't seen you for a long time .

S I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .

C I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .

S These are white with black and blue lines .

C They white with black and blue lines .

S I love it .

C I love them

S My mother gave me for my birthday .

C My mother gave me them my birthday .

S I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week in my house .

C I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week at house .

S Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .

C Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .

S It 's going to be amazing .

C It 's going to be amazing .

S See you soon .

C See you soon .

S Jazmin .

C Jazmin .

S Hi Jo ,

C Hi Jo ,

S I am very happy because the time spent very fast .

C I am very happy because the time went fast .

S I did n't have anything news about you .

C I did n't have any about you .

S You can come here when you have time because my house is your house .

C You could here when you have time because my house is your house .

S While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and after we will travel around my country and we will become a good workerds .

C While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae then will travel around my country and we will become workers

S This idea is fantastic , although this will be very complicated .

C This idea is fantastic , although it be very complicated .

S However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .

C However , best option is that you come and then will friends and their fathers , they can help you finding .

S On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .

C On the other hand , I do n't recommend travelling it very expensive .

S If you came here , you will see a lot of country and you travel around the world .

C If you come , you will see a lot of the and you could around the world .

S But it is your decision , these options are my advice .

C But it is your decision . These are my advice .

S I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .

C I will look forward to your news your decision , but I am very excited if you are with me , I will have the best summer of life and I will be very happy because we will have with a lot of friends .

S You must remember that the money are very important in your decision .

C You must remember that is important to decision .

S noticia

C noticia

S And i went to open the door .

C And I to open the door .

S I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .

C I was really comfortable in my bed and n't someone had calm .

S But , whatever , i wen .

C But , whatever .

S To the door and open it , result that was my brother .

C To the door and opened . turned out it my brother .

S After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .

C After we and I with him he told me that our mom was going trip for a week and we had take care of our sister .

S I was a little worried because i love my sister but she was younger and i had a lot of work .

C I was a little worried because I my sister but she was young I a lot of work .

S Whatever i decided to said yes and prepared myself to take care of her .

C However , to say and prepared myself to take care of her .

S My brother go and he promised to return later with my sister .

C My brother left he promised to return later with my sister .

S I closedthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .

C I closed the hoping to to open it , then I to the bathroom and took a relaxing

S I practise Pilates Method every Sunday morning .

C I practise the Method every Sunday morning .

S I like this sport because it is a simply healthy sport that respects my body .

C I like this sport because it is a simple sport that respects my body .

S I practised danse a long time ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .

C I practised dance long time ago , with age I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .

S I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with a old Bejar dancer .

C I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with an Bejar dancer .

S He took time to explain each movement and made me understanding the concept .

C He took time to explain each movement and made me understand concept .

S After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .

C After 10 times , obtained results in body : stretchy sinewy and flexible .

S If I could give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher .

C If I could give advice new practitioners Pilates , it would to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a good .

S A few years previously I took part in one programme name called Christmas Drama .

C A few years ago took part in a Christmas Drama .

S In my school ages I did not participate any programme even sports .

C In my school days , did not participate in programme , sports .

S Because school teachers never encourage me to participate .

C Because school teachers never encouraged to participate .

S If they told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .

C If they had me to attend compulsorily would done so any hesitation .

S While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .

C While I am ANDRAPRADESH every year , have a function in December . Although are not interested in , would let not a character .

S They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .

C They gave me the GOD . At first was n't of to and play particular character .

S And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .

C And from October to we practised day our study hour until " O"CLOCK . DAY DAY I learnt finally I played role well .

S Then I think myself why I wasted all my school days .

C Then I asked why I wasted all my school days .

S Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .

C Personally , believe that those who do participate in activities be encouraged to do so by teachers then will also know how talented they are .

S Every student should attend and show their talent .

C Every student should attend and show their talent .

S After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .

C After some ages we can not attend any of type of activity because we are all So go enjoy your youth and happier .

S The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .

C The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . , most people take public transport , because people do have a car and it cheaper to public transport . The caused by transport is huge and is growing . Third countries should have - transport .

S I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , even betraying family and friends .

C I did n't use to believe people would do anything advantage , even betray and friends .

S I thought that was only seen in film .

C I thought that was only seen in films

S The real world would not like that .

C The real world was like that .

S I strongly believed people would rather have love in the heart than everything .

C I strongly believed people would rather have love in their than anything

S I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a sample person , but I lived happily .

C I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a simple , but I lived happily .

S At least I had a stable job , lover , family and friends .

C At least I had a stable job , a , family and friends .

S However , these things have changed , All the things I have been owning , building , remaining are broken .

C However , these things have changed , All the things I owned built remaining broken .

S It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .

C It is hard to believe my eyes that I can the greed eyes , as if they ca wait to see me dead . They n't become brilliant long as I am alive .

S I have always tried to convince them that I am not that bad some people said .

C I have always tried to convince them that I am not as as people say

S My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living here because it is noisy and there is contamination , so I decided to move to the county side two years ago .

C My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living there it is noisy and there is pollution so I decided to move to the countryside years ago .

S I love this place because it is relaxing but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .

C I love this place because it is relaxing , the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .

S My mother knew my feeling and she wanted help me .

C My mother knew how I felt she wanted to me .

S She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and beautiful monkey !

C She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it . a beautiful little !

S I was so exciting and very happy .

C I was so excited very happy .

S For me it was like to have a new member of the family and he lived with me .

C For me it was like new member of the family and he lived with me .

S Since these moment my life changed and now I go to every place with " Yango " monkey 's name

C Since that , life changed and now I go everywhere " Yango " . 's the 's name .

S Dear Sir / Madam

C Dear Sir / Madam

S I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " usa summer camps " .

C I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " USA camps " .

S I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .

C I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .

S To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .

C To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also I have just finished a and health course at Universidad de la Republica , on I learned to work with of all ages the sports area

S I think every people love sport .

C I think all love sport .

S In the world very famous sport festival is Olympic .

C In the world , a famous sports is the

S There included many kind sports such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .

C These kinds of , as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running , .

S My favourite sports are basketball and martial art .

C My favourite sports are basketball and martial arts

S First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .

C First , basketball a sport , to understand the members of the and keep in them . For , role cutter but I to do assister , blocker and guard I .

S Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .

C Secondly , every has its martial arts and culture , example , fu China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .

S It not just fighting these sport give people durability , speed and power .

C It is just fighting . These people endurance speed and power .

S Especially i like karate and Kung - fu .

C In particular , karate and Kung - fu .

S Man and women whose are possible to interest it .

C Men women possible to interest .

S There is not special criteria such a tall and strong muscle or gender .

C There is no criteria , as and strong muscles gender .

S These 2 sports improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .

C These 2 sports improve human to reach the highest capability possible

S I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success

C I suggest other people to yourself , as what like , what possible , then after every success .

S my favourite sport is badminton .

C My sport is badminton .

S it 's a game between 2 or 4 people .

C It a game for or 4 people .

S they use a bat and a shuttlecock which is like a bao feather .

C They a bat and a shuttlecock , is like a bird 's .

S purpose score most points .

C The aim of the game is to the points .

S I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .

C I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .

S I think I am good player .

C I think I am a player .

S my first play badminton when I was 7 years old .

C I played when I was 7 years old .

S positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc

C The badminton : you can lose weight , and will be good etc .

S negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .

C The badminton : your arm is stronger your arm , and you can your arm .

S I 'm sure is very heath for your body .

C I 'm sure it very healthy your body .

S According to this form , we can know learning knowledges takes a part of time in one day .

C According to this form , we learning knowledge a lot time in one day .

S Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .

C Unlike Taiwan 's senior high school , their sleeping time averages or more .

S As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , just only study , sleep and others .

C As for me , my daily schedule does have much variety just , sleep and others .

S Others include in rest and exercise , but they do n't occupy lots of time .

C Others includes exercise , but they do n't take up of time .

S In my awareness , I know United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so they aside from study , they have diversity selections .

C In my awareness I know the States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so from study , they have diverse

S When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours in a day .

C When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours day .

S The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .

C The lack sleep often makes unable to in class .

S the more remind myself to get up early , the more things i need to do .

C The I myself to get up early , the more things I to do .

S So it usually postpones my sleeping time .

C So it usually postpones my sleeping time .

S The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours .

C The only common option rest time , I also spend three to four hours resting

S Because i think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .

C Because I family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .

S First , I am to say that People 's lives change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .

C First , I want say that people lives will in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .

S I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .

C I think this the new technologies are created by people to habits

S For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .

C For example , the in the next 50 years will be very different . guess that people will have a chip in their they may do many things with their , if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to with them

S For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .

C On the hand , people other inventions to world and reduce pollution . For , at time we have created electric cars and food . These will be useful in the , because we will need to reduce pollution .

S Also , People will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and for this , People need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .

C Also , people need to improve medicine to cure diseases and , this , people to create more inventions to resolve these problems .

S Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle , We will change our clothes , thinking and other things , We will be more dependent and we need more things for our day to day .

C Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle . will change our clothes , thinking and other things . will be more dependent and we will more things for our day to day life

S Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .

C Although I have had jet lag I back to country , it great to see my family and my friends .

S Anyway I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .

C Anyway , have to find a bird develop myself and take a rest .

S I never say goodbye to everyone because I will come back England .

C I never said to everyone because I will come back to .

S Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .

C Michael is a teenage his parents .

S He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .

C He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .

S His sister is six years old .

C His sister is six years old .

S One summer tomorrow , her sister woke up very early .

C One summer tomorrow his woke up very early .

S He was worry because his sister always wake up very late , about midday .

C He was worried his sister always woke very late , about midday .

S Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .

C Someone rang doorbell he opened but there was nobody door , he closed the door again .

S He listened a bit noise at the top of the stairs but he did nt go to look that noise .

C He heard bit of at the top of the stairs but he did n't to investigate noise .

S The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .

C The doorbell again and he opened the door again His was with him and she was very scared , there was nobody door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader he understood everything

S Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...

C Someone was ringing doorbell else robbing

S By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...

C It was by that was and woken ...

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake

S Twenty years ago I started playing football .

C Twenty years ago , started playing football .

S I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .

C I had played lot of sports before , but when I started playing football , felt that was my sport , that freedom .

S I have played at a lot of teams .

C I have played for lot of teams .

S And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee injured .

C And just as I was becoming professional player , my right knee was .

S Then I have been operated twice .

C Then I had be on .

S Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .

C Because of injuries , I am thinking about football to dedicate myself my passion ; guitar .

S Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .

C Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .

S I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .

C I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .

S It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .

C It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .

S I have to improve my writing .

C I have to improve my writing .

S This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .

C This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .

S Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .

C Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .

S I love sport and I usually go to the gym .

C I love sport and I usually go to the gym .

S I like running and I run three days a week .

C I like running and I run three days a week .

S I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is funnier .

C I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is more fun

S If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .

C If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .

S When you go owling you do n't need words , or worm or any thing but hope .

C When you go owling you do n't need words , or worms anything hope .

S This is the book Owl

C This is the book Owl

S Moon .

C Moon .

S This book is written by Jane Yolen .

C This book was by Jane Yolen .

S I like that phrase Because The boy was happy becaus he got to

C I like that phrase because was happy because got to

S go owling and he s been wonted to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .

C go owling and he ' wanting go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .

S When other kids are happy that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't

C When other kids are happy , makes me happy . I like it because makes me feel good because do n't haf't

S ( have ) to have words to go owling but you haf't to have hope to see an owl .

C ( have have words to go owling but you have have hope to see an owl .

S My name is Ingrid .

C My name is Ingrid .

S I am have 24 years old and I live in Rena .

C I am years old and I live in Rena .

S Physically I am blonde ,

C am blonde ,

S I have blue eyes and I am of average height .

C I have blue eyes and I am of average height .

S I like going to the cinema , get out with my friends ,

C I like going to the cinema , going with my friends ,

S to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .

C to playing walking in park , going , I n't stand the sight of .

S I now am studying Software Engineering .

C I am now Software Engineering .

S On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master of

C In I am going to Madrid to study 's

S Web Programming with my friend .

C Web Programming with my boyfriend

S I prefer living with my boyfriend .

C I like with my boyfriend .

S I am more romantic that my boyfriend .

C I am more romantic than boyfriend .

S I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .

C I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .

S I dislike is that I will be away from my family .

C What dislike is that I will be away from my family .

S I am going to miss my family .

C I am going to miss my family .

S They are very happy with me , because my marks is good .

C They are very happy with me , because my marks are .

S Hi , Jenny

C Hi

S Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .

C Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that 've ever seen Deasel . He an excellent professional and he starred in great number movies , the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , other excellent .

S This is one of my favourite actor because , when he is recording a film he assume his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .

C This is one of my favourite actors , , when he is recording a film , assumes role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .

S Another of my favourites is Will Smith , he appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and others excellent films like I am Legend .

C Another of my favourites is Will Smith . He in the well - known film , Men in Black and other films like I am Legend .

S This is for me and many people an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .

C He , me and many people , excellent actor because his personality is extroverted

S So Jenny , here are my two favourites film stars .

C So Jenny , these my two favourites film stars .

S I have to go shopping , sorry .

C I have to go shopping , sorry .

S See you

C See you

S Franco .

C Franco .

S This topic has controversial opinion these days , That everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university .

C This topic is days . everyone a year off between leaving school and starting college or university ?

S I am going to study the topics from both aspects and give my opinion in the matter .

C I am going to study the topic both sides give my opinion on matter .

S A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and start college .

C A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting .

S They think that year the student can spend in job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .

C They think the student can spend that year a to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .

S This way helps them also to explore the job market , some jobs are in great demand compared to others .

C This them also to explore the job market ; jobs are in great demand compared to others .

S Or simply the student can spend this time travelling .

C Or the student can simply this time travelling .

S This way help them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .

C This to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .

S Others think that if students take a year off study is unwise .

C Others think that if students take a year off studying it unwise .

S As return back to study may be difficult .

C As returning be difficult .

S It is better to finish study first then go for work or having relaxation with travel .

C It is better to finish studying , go to or have with travel .

S both opinion have their merits .

C Both their merits .

S In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .

C In my opinion , depends an 's situation .

S As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .

C If have money can cover your expenses on travel , it totally different than if you have to work to cover your expenses

S or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .

C or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .

S Transport is very important in our life , because we transport from place to other places .

C Transport is very important in our lives because we travel place to

S the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,

C The industry are developing fast , so transport has future .

S Must be Interesting the development transport Even fits the times .

C It must Interesting that development of even the times .

S Hello Joe .

C Hello Joe .

S Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .

C Congratulations on wedding hope you will be as happy as you are now your whole life

S Jenny and you are a great couple .

C You and Jenny a great couple .

S Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .

C Thank you very much , , thinking be your witness feel very proud that you thought be your witness , course , accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .

S Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .

C Joe we live far away because work for the Red but I am person as I was at and I like the same things .

S Joe I have the same memory as I was a child , and I do n't remember to much Sophie .

C Joe , have the same memory as I had when I a child , and I do n't remember .

S Was she at the school with us ?

C Was she at with us ?

S Could you describe me her ? .

C Could you describe her to me

S In other way , I never be a witness , what I have to do ?

C Anyway I have been witness . What have to do ?

S , tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .

C what kind suit witness wear , whether have to bay any of tie , a .... I 'm really excited wedding .

S I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , and if you can we could have a drink .

C I will be at home for my mother 's in November and if you can , could have a drink .

S Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .

C Anyway to and Jenny .

S Best wishes

C Best wishes

S Joe

C Joe

S hello , good morning

C Hello good morning .

S I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and go to the forest .

C I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and going the forest .

S This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you feel good .

C This sport is healthy and good for the body . You start sport because will good .

S your muscule will be hard .

C Your be hard .

S for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .

C For sport , it necessary to water , and fruit , vegetables and pasta .

S we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .

C We n't sweets sugar .

S if you want to start this sport , you should start running thirty minutes .

C If want to start this sport , you should start running for minutes .

S Thank you for showing your interest in my village concerns with the environment .

C Thank you for showing in my village 's environment .

S The town , Lahori , has been known for its practices to preserve nature . in our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .

C The town , Lahori , is for its practices to preserve nature . In town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .

S We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .

C We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal . The has dug to dispose of .

S The fact of using a cart to transport , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .

C The fact of using a car travel is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .

S When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you can not cause an accident

C When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you do n't you can an accident .

S Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and is less likely to get mugged or something .

C that a car is to make your life easier to get around be safe and a way also to have because you go in your car and you likely to get mugged or something .

S Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine so you do not fail .

C Some disadvantages are that you not have the money to maintain a car and remember that the car should give you a service and not you it which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , you do not fail .

S One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of

C One day I visited friend Jimmy in New York city . He a young man who was an trains and tourism . He about how move from one place to another . He me that the largest terminus city . He where landmarks of the Big so sightseers could go there He the city and we went to different parts . First took me to Columbus Circle the south west corner of Central were the most expensive apartments . Then went to the lake where jogging tracks that circle the lake are with early - visitors . Then went to the Museum Natural was located near the Metropolitan Art Then got focal on subway trains , we went to Grand Central When arrived was amazed to see a lot of going to work , he told me that it was convenient people to use the train because it very fast for the government it was a great . Then told me that one of the characteristics of

S In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectation .

C In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectations

S There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .

C There are mobile phones have to - communication , by solar .

S In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .

C In addition , the system which is developing - by - day performs in most convenient and the fastest way

S Even though the personal car was consumed more and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perform public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .

C Even though the personal car is and more because of its convenience my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will cause transport to be more popular than travelling by car .

S The number of people in the world is continually increased .

C The number of people in the world is continually increasing

S This makes the city be crowded .

C This makes the cities

S Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .

C Imagine if everyone had . walk on the top of the car to meet our ?

S Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .

C Therefore , public transportation is deemed important the road ; traffic .

S In the first paragraph , I 've written that the transportation development will never lose place for public transport .

C In the first paragraph , I wrote development will never lose place for public transport

S Firstly , there are a lot of methods to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .

C Firstly , there are a lot of ways travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .

S Secondly , public transport improve itself to be more functional and help support people .

C Secondly , public transport proves to be more functional and helps people .

S For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicap or physical disability , time capture that help people to know the fix time when the bus come , as well as security support that help people to be more confident to travel .

C For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicapped physical disability time capture helps to know the fixed when the bus will , as well as security support that helps to be more confident to travel .

S Lastly , public transportation make you sure to arrive on time .

C Lastly , public transportation makes sure to arrive on time .

S You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .

C You do not worry jams or trying find the car park .

S All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .

C Taking into account all this transport is useful and convenient , both for and for

S Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country

C Although the personal car is popular , transport is still to country .

S Dear Chris ,

C Dear Chris ,

S I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )

C I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )

S Hope , You will be free at 6 a.m.

C Hope you be free at 6 a.m.

S Let 's meet on John 's apartment .

C Let 's meet at 's apartment .

S His party is always fun .

C His party is always fun .

S All our friends will be there .

C All our friends will be there .

S Summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or workplace long for it .

C A summer is so desirable that those in school or work for it .

S To most students , weekend is essential to them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .

C To most students , the is essential for , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .

S In my opinion , weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break but allow us to enrich ourself .

C In my opinion , the not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , allows to enrich ourselves

S Similarly , summer vacation give us more time to do meaningful things .

C Similarly , summer vacation gives more time to do meaningful things .

S Such as visiting museum , seeing touching movies , doing exercises and so on .

C Such as visiting museums seeing touching movies , doing exercise so on .

S Only by constantly do conducting my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronge

C Only by constantly following daily routine can I learn more information and become stronger .

S In important meetings like UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .

C In important meetings like the General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful raise problems as the most concerning in their internal policies .

S Disaster on the environment not only cause many problems to human but also to all diversity of life .

C Disasters environment not only cause many problems for also to all the of life .

S As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce cause and effects of these coming disaster .

C As a part of this , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the effects of these coming disasters

S Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .

C Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to , part in carbon dioxide emissions my car .

S Riding a bicycle also a kind of eco - friendly transportation .

C Riding a bicycle is a kind of eco - friendly mode of .

S Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that provide or made from the materials cause a greenhouse effect .

C Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that contribute to are from that the effect .

S There are also many related products which harm the environment .

C There are also many related products which harm the environment .

S Dear Juliet ,

C Dear Juliet ,

S Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .

C Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .

S I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .

C I am writing to tell you that I ca n't run marathon with you , because the distance is too great me . 'm not fit enough for that

S I'm sorry , maybe next year I can go .

C I'm sorry . Maybe year I can go .

S Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for this ?

C Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for that

S Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .

C Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .

S Love ,

C Love ,

S Kriszti

C Kriszti

S I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .

C I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .

S I really think that , we should speak English .

C I really think that should speak English .

S I do n't know how study English and for this reason is very difficult for me .

C I do n't know how to English and for this reason it very difficult for me .

S The next year , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .

C Next , in October , I 'll go as an pair Oxford , I hope to learn English .

S I think that it is the only way for me .

C I think that it is the only way for me .

S yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .

C Yes I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .

S I should go in October .

C I should go in October .

S I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier

C I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .

S yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .

C Yes I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .

S I should go in October . for 7 months .

C I should go in October , 7 months .

S I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier

C I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .

S Dear Manager ,

C Dear Manager ,

S I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .

C I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .

S In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .

C In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .

S I believe that I can be a good helper for two reasons .

C I believe that I could a good helper for two reasons .

S First , I am good to cooking .

C First , I am good at .

S I had been worked in ABC restaurant until last year .

C I was ABC restaurant until last year .

S Besides , I also so good at dealing with people .

C Besides , I am also at dealing with people .

S More information about my qualification please see the attachment .

C For more about my qualifications see the attachment .

S Best regards , and look forward to your good news .

C Best regards , and I forward to hearing from you

S Bob

C Bob

S 1250

C 1250

S 0100

C 0100

S The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy .

C The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer . think that playing is a good way to enjoy yourself

S In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .

C In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want . a very good game . think that it the best " shooter " and that " Arctic " is good too

S I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .

C I am a very good at . know how it very well

S In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .

C In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .

S Summer holiday ,

C Summer holiday

S I have been to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .

C I went Italy on holiday 3 years ago .

S I did n't have a long holiday , it was just for 3 days but these 3 days were the best in my life .

C I did n't have a long holiday . It just for 3 days , those days were the best in my life .

S I must say that I went there because my sister is living there so I did n't have to book a room at the hotel and spending too much money .

C I must say that I went there because my sister is living there , I did n't have to book a room at a and spend much money .

S I went to the Vatican and Rome , I saw their massive buildings which were impressive and their old houses .

C I went to the Vatican and Rome . saw their massive buildings , were impressive , their old houses .

S The weather was fantastic , I love bathing in the sun and resting on the hot sand on the beach .

C The weather was fantastic . love sunbathing resting on the hot sand on the beach .

S Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I was born in Mexico .

C I am Martinez . 'm 26 years old . was born in Mexico .

S one of my passions in this world is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .

C One my passions in this world is helping , any kind of people ; , disabled poor people and kids .

S I think am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .

C I think I a suitable person to care for , because I like working with kids . It not the first time I have worked children .

S I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !

C I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !

S I 'm good at improvising games to children , and good cook too .

C I 'm good at improvising games for , and I 'm a cook too .

S If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will never disappoint you .

C If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will not you .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

S He took his backpack and ran really fast to the school .

C He took his backpack and ran really fast to .

S Today is the big day , the day of his apresentation about acid rain and your consequences on nature

C Today is the big day , the day of his presentation acid rain and its on the environment .

S Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him after four year separate .

C Peter had studied prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , mother would him after four years

S Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .

C Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .

S A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .

C Health an important part of lives so our priority in our city is the , and people consider keeping our environment clean work together for the of the environment .

S Therefore , the municipality of environment put regulations and instructions to take care of our village .

C Therefore , the municipality in place and instructions to take care of our village .

S firstly , organizing collecting garbage .for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , in yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .

C Firstly organizing collecting garbage . for , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .

S This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to specific place .

C This classification of garbage and transfers sort rubbish to a place .

S Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .

C Secondly , recycling waste . After it , they transport it factories to recycle it into materials can use in all aspects of lives

S Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .

C Lastly , workshops about conservation of the to increase environmental awareness among people , encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them they can recycle some rubbish to make to use .

S In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .

C In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives target cleaning our village , and planting lot of on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition to attract tourists to visit us . As a increasing the of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various .

S furturemore saving cost of treatment because of decreasing number of patients .

C Furthermore , this on the of treatment because of the number of patients .

S In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and keep our health and enjoy in pure air where our children will grow up .

C In conclusion , we look forward to our village being from pollution and keeping health and enjoying our children will grow up .

S Dan was a runner of the big leagues that wanted to get the world wide record of the best time in 100 m .

C Dan was a runner of the big leagues who to get the world of the best time for the m .

S To reach his goals , he trained a lot with one of his colleges and he gave no importance to the judgements that people have over him and his ambitious wishes of victory .

C To achieve goal he trained a lot with one of his colleagues he gave no importance to the judgements that people had and his ambitious desire .

S Although he was always thinking if it was a blessing or a lessons I be competing .

C Although he was always wondering it was a blessing or a lesson be competing

S Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .

C Either way he had enemy who trying to extinguish love of get out of the competition

S The enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his road .

C The enemy thinks that the passion to run Dan will decrease but she does n't take into account that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his way

S At the end , he continue running , thanks for this , he approached his goals .

C At the end , he continues . Thanks , he achieved goals .

S Internet is the best means of communication .

C The internet the best means of communication .

S Internet nowadays is used all over the world for many goals .

C Nowadays , the internet used all over the world for many purposes

S first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .

C First use to discover the world 's news ; we can check and read the 's most famous newspapers as the Times the Sun also electronic newspapers

S Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .

C The can also used to study to educate yourself ; allows to read books , magazines and short stories .

S Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning money every month .

C The is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job . Many use to work , and they earn every month .

S Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tube .

C The is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , Twitter and YouTube

S As a conclusion internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .

C In , is making things better and easier ; now is always connected to the Internet .

S My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .

C My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places in , Monterrubio de la Serena .

S Visiting this small village you will enjoy a rural tourism with charm .

C Visiting this small village , will enjoy tourism with charm .

S Feeling the dramatism and realism of the best known event in Easter , played during nine years by the inhabitants , " The Pasión of Christ " .

C Feel drama realism of the best known event in Easter , played for years by the inhabitants , " The Passion Christ " .

S Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , besides tasting its exquisit oil .

C Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum , you are able to look at its history in each of their corners in addition to its exquisite .

S Meet their Patron saint San Isidro and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .

C Meet their patron , Isidro , get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .

S Inspect closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .

C Explore this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .

S My favourite sport is swimming .

C My favourite sport is swimming .

S Since I was young I like swimming and when I grew up I told my mum that I want to make competitions .

C I have liked swimming since I was young , when I grew up , told my mum that I wanted compete in .

S The first time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself but if you like it you will find fascinating .

C The first time , 's difficult , any sport , you do n't know and you have to improve yourself , if you like it , will find it .

S Also I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I was like the 4th but I was n't sad because I though that the next time I will do my best and probably I would win .

C Also , remember my first competitions . did n't win . came I was n't sad because I thought the next time I would my best and probably I would win .

S I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing because I improve a lot and right now I 'm one of the best .

C I went swimming a week and it was amazing , I improved lot and , now , 'm one of the best .

S Last year I won the national competition in my country and that make me feel so good , because it 's all I want .

C Last year I won the national competition in my country and that makes feel so good , because it 's all I want .

S If you want to take up swimming I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time you make exercise

C If you want to take up swimming , would you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time as are doing .

S In the past most of people did not too worry about their healthy .

C In the past , did not about their healthy .

S In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .

C These , 80% of people have assured concerned their bodies and their diet of , promised that they will try to their daily diet they do sport more frequently .

S As I the most people we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .

C Like , started do sport because we were and needed to of our house after a hard day of work or study .

S One day I went to do running and since that moment I have not stopped .

C One day , went and since that moment I have not stopped .

S The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening or in the night .

C The perfect moment whenever want ; the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , in the night .

S Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are too hot and we should avoid .

C It is in we have to be careful about te are too hot and we should avoid running

S Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of body .

C It is to - made , to make sure you n't suffer a pain in and the rest of your .

S In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .

C In Tampico City the most important landmarks the in Tampico . The centres Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The important parks Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .

S The beach at night is a one better place for happen with your family

C The beach at night is a good for happen your family .

S Dear Ms Ana

C Dear Ms Ana

S Here I come to express my thoughts about what have been happening during these past weeks at the reception of the building .

C Here I come express my thoughts about what has happening during these past weeks in reception of the building .

S I am happy to say that I have only positive points to presente due to how wellcome I fell when I arrive at the reception .

C I am happy to say that I have only positive points to present to how welcome feel I arrive at the reception .

S Becouse of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .

C Because that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .

S In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .

C In conclusion , 'd like to offer my help anything is .

S Regards .

C Regards .

S Myth and fable are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend deeper matters .

C Myths fables always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend to matters .

S Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering their background first , is n't it ?

C Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering its first , is n't it ?

S For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .

C For example , due to the wide spread " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we have heard something relating it , but do n't really know about any .

S Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .

C Amount of and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .

S Therefore , I try to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .

C Therefore , I am trying find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .

S In conclusion , i hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .

C In conclusion , I that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .

S If the government gives attention in improving the streets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people do n't worry about going out .

C If the government pays to the streets , decreases the use of , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by using , Riyadh will become a great city so the people wo worry about going out .

S I hope this problem will disappear soon .

C I hope this problem will disappear soon .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,

C Dear Sir or Madam ,

S My name is Andreia , I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .

C My name is Andreia . am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .

S Last summer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .

C Last summer , worked with children aged 10 years old for month and I some activities on the beach , as football games and gym classes .

S For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .

C For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .

S I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .

C I like cooking very much I think that there are some activities that we could in kitchen like baking or making bread .

S For another think I can speak English very well , because I had studied English in university although I was Portuguese .

C For another think can speak English very well , because I English at although I am .

S I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .

C I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .

S I hope you consider my application and contact me ,

C I hope you consider my application and contact me ,

S Andreia

C Andreia

S In the future , this tendency will be continuing more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .

C In the future , this tendency will continue there will be and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .

S In order to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .

C In order for to , out for new social networking sites designed for goals .

S To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing at people , business and society .

C Taking of networks you find Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed individuals businesses society .

S Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .

C Using to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits a very good option for many of us . However , necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this where transportation should be focussed taking longer a simple commute in the city would require it .

S It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs , hence considered the " modus operandi " ever since .

C It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs . Hence , it has been the " modus operandi " since .

S A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .

C A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , in need of evolution . That be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means get to places the roads and geographical areas of which happen to be unknown to the traveller .

S Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .

C Firstly , everyone buy a lot of types in my city . For , the centre of the city , can buy , this town has got old monuments , theatres churches .

S In north of the city people sell all types of food .

C In the of the city , sell all types of food .

S Normally this food are made when people did in the past , although , the best street market is in the west of the city .

C Normally , food is when people did in the past although best street market is in the west of the city .

S On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street marker .

C On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street market

S However you can read a book while you can eat and drink some things in the sofa of street .

C However , can read a book while you and drink some things on sofa of street

S You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread of world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .

C You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread in and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .

S Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .

C Finally , people can visit biggest shopping center in . The this shopping center is on 445 in the of the city .

S You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .

C You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of they shop this shopping center and you feel like star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .

S The movie I decided to review for you is thriller called The destiny .

C The movie I have to review for you is a called The Destiny

S The plot of movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .

C The plot of the is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .

S All it begin when daughter will come to visit her mother and her step father .

C It all a comes visit her mother and her step - .

S What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .

C What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , to surprise , always turns out be unexpected

S Despite the fact that there is n't any holywood star all the characters are played very believable and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .

C Despite the fact that there is n't any Hollywood , the characters are played very believably some scenes wo n't let you sleep .

S Even the scenery is not based on real story it will makes you think about accidents happening around you .

C Even the scenery is not based on a story . It make think about accidents happening around you .

S There is n't anything special what I dislike maybe except for the music which was used there .

C There is n't anything special that disliked , maybe the music which was used

S Sometimes I felt that the background songs do n't match with what was happening but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .

C Sometimes I felt that the background songs did match with what was happening , after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it

S I highly recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see happening unpredictable situations and likes the feeling of unknown .

C I highly recommend this movie to anyone wants to see unpredictable situations happening likes the feeling of the .

S Hi Isabel ,

C Hi Isabel ,

S I love this new place .

C I love this new place .

S The town is called white city .

C The town is called White

S It is situated in Merida .

C It is situated in Merida .

S Is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .

C It is quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .

S My fovourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .

C My favourite is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .

S I hope you can come soon .

C I hope you can come soon .

S Jorge

C Jorge

S In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .

C In toward to of life and technology , different perspectives their of life , but the of ones utopian

S Everyone wants a particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being ; however the realm world hasn't capacity to support these ideas .

C Everyone wants objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being . However , real hasn't got the to support these ideas .

S Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .

C Actually , we have a lot of problems traffic : lots of carriages railway and they running ; the number of cars in the street causes crowded cause late

S In the biggest cities around the world the traffic nonstop and increase every day .

C In the biggest cities around the world , traffic is and increasing day .

S We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .

C We discover in this context special diseases caused traffic : stress , violence , pollution , lack of safety and on .

S For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to use a green combuster and public transport .

C For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to using public transport .

S If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .

C If transport were quality , faster and with the of citizens would it it calmer relax and read a newspaper a magazine during the journey in , the time spent and come would reduced , because it promotes fewer railway .

S Thus , in the future , public transport will be more interesting than particular and individual transport .

C Thus , in the future , public transport will be more attractive private individual transport .

S Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .

C Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .

S In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .

C In the morning , to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats horses many other . In afternoon , went on the . screamed at the of my and called for help . Actually , hate riding on We mind train , punch , a lot of other . At end of the day I was out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .

S Last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .

C On the last , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other . She me a present and asked to keep it for her .

S Nowadays , students have a lot of various form of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .

C Nowadays , students have a lot of different education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .

S It has both advantages and disadavantages .

C It has both advantages and disadvantages

S The main advantage of learning per Internet is time saving .

C The main advantage of learning on the is saving time

S When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we may intend to studying .

C When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we could studying .

S In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .

C In the of Internet learning , can set one 's own of learning .

S Also , possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .

C Also , the of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .

S Then it 's better to concentrate of learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with asking and tests .

C Then it 's better to concentrate on and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with questions tests .

S On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .

C On the other hand , learning on the internet term we could feel bored or lonely . gives opportunities in groups students can each other and solve .

S Another disadvantage of learning per Internet can be issue with Internet connection .

C Another disadvantage of learning on the can be problems the connection .

S It not always work correctly .

C It does always work correctly .

S A mind that lost it .

C A mind that lost it .

S Malcolm Young is a guitarist that with his brother founded the rock band : AC / DC .

C Malcolm Young is a guitarist who , his brother , the rock band , / DC .

S He never has been the most famous guitarist in the world , He was just one more guitar player .

C He has never the most famous guitarist in the world . was just one more guitar player .

S He has lived behind the shadow of his brother , the leader guitar and one of the most important guitarist .

C He has lived in shadow of his brother , the leader guitarist one of the most important guitarists ever

S However he never has thought in this like a problem .

C However , has never of as problem .

S He just do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .

C He just does job , plays and sings voice .

S But if you research about what he has done for ACDC , you realize that he was an important man .

C But if you research about what he has done for AC / DC you realize that he was an important man .

S A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by himself .

C A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by him

S He has been the AC / DC 's mind .

C He has been / DC 's mind .

S But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .

C But why I write article about someone who seems to be simple guitarist . The is just one : life of man who one day just disappeared the fans sight

S On April 2014 he was unable to do performans .

C On April 2014 he was unable to give a

S On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .

C On September , a note was released published on / DC 's web page The said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .

S But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .

C But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .

S Dementia is the illness .

C Dementia is the illness .

S The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .

C Dementia an illness that affects brain ; 's memories . does remember who the people around him are

S Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .

C Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .

S The video show us how dementia sufferers ' reaction to listing ACDC 's music .

C The video showed sufferers ' reaction to listening to / DC music .

S in the end we read a sentences : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "

C At end we read a sentence " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "

S Live you only have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow you lost all .

C Live you only have , today . Perhaps you will

S My name is samy .

C My name is Samy

S I'm 22 years old Egyptian .

C I'm a - Egyptian .

S When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .

C When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .

S I thought that it 's the best sport ever .

C I thought that it was best sport ever .

S It made me fit and strong .

C It made me fit and strong .

S It taught me the meanings of teamwork and leadership .

C It taught me the meaning teamwork and leadership .

S I Kept playing basketball 4 years continuously till I joined the secondary school .

C I kept basketball continuously for 4 years , I went to .

S My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never giving up and always keep playing till the last minute .

C My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never give and always keep playing till the last minute .

S We are not alone . We live with people whome are family for us .

C We are not alone . We live with people who family for us .

S Relationship can be very different ?

C Relationships be very different .

S from the best to the worst .

C From best to the worst .

S But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brother our enemy , without the reason .

C But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brothers enemies .

S Who brink up ?

C Who brings us ?

S Who care about us ?

C Who cares us ?

S Who try to make us happy ?

C Who tries make us happy ?

S Our enemy ?

C Our enemy ?

S Of course no .

C Of course not

S Our family is people who will love us , do n't look on situations and who we are .

C Our family are who will love us , and who n't look at and who we are .

S We are always small and careless children for our parents , small and foolish for our elder brothers and sisters .

C We are always small and careless to parents , small and foolish to elder brothers and sisters .

S And i can clearly say that they are our friend . We are part of them and they are part of us .

C And I clearly say that they are our friends We are part of them and they are part of us .

S So we need to stand together .

C So we need to stand together .

S Television and other things invented by tecnhology are part of our lifes .

C Television and other things invented by technology part of our lives

S I think every family has got a television in own home and for example I have 4 televions in mine .

C I think every family has got a television in their home and , example , have 4 televisions mine .

S For me television has advantages and disadvantages .

C For me , has advantages and disadvantages .

S It 's important if we want to know news of our country or world 's news .

C It 's important if we want to know news about country or world .

S There are a lot of interesting tv programs where we can learn something and there are also intriging television programs .

C There are a lot of interesting TV where we can learn something and there are also intriguing programs .

S These are advantages but we can have also disadvantages from them .

C These are advantages , we can also have from them .

S For example we can become addicted to our television .

C For example , can become addicted to our television .

S It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our helth .

C It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our health

S In general I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .

C In general , think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV other similar things are responsible our problems with health eyesight .

S So television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .

C So , has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .

S As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .

C To our minds healthy , need to spend time .

S I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game

C I like cricket . It the best all . Cricket a good mind - game .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

S After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car someone who could help you .

C After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car for who could help him

S I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend Lisa .

C He up the phone and dialled number of his girlfriend , .

S She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .

C She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .

S He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .

C He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .

S They had a car accident , and fortunately he had n't injury but his friend Sam was fainted .

C They had a car accident , and fortunately he was injured , his friend Sam was unconscious

S He tried to stop some cars that passed through the street , but it was useless .

C He tried to stop some cars that passed on street , but it was useless .

S The ambulance arrived .

C The ambulance arrived .

S Sam was visited but beside the scary he had only some bruises .

C Sam was visited beside the shock , only had bruises .

S He came with him to the hospital and at last it was a success story .

C He went him to the hospital and in the end was a success story .

S I live in the beautiful city of Siena which is famous for its landscapes .

C I live in the beautiful city of Siena , is famous for its landscapes

S If you come to Siena there are a number of shops you should visit .

C If you come to Siena , are a number of shops you should visit .

S The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .

C The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .

S Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .

C Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .

S She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .

C She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .

S She is an only daughter , so she does n't have either brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .

C She is an only child so she does n't have any or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .

S Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , as well as best friends she has some enemies .

C Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) . She friends Carlota Pedralba , and well as best friends , has some enemies .

S Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheecky , in a good way .

C Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheeky in a good way .

S She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .

C She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .

S Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the common things I have with her .

C Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the things I have in common her .

S One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .

C One of her favourite things to do is drawing . She lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As see , is good drawing .

S She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes them .

C She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes it

S So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .

C So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .

S My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .

C My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .

S Swimming is very excited .

C Swimming is very exciting

S Although you do n't know how to swim , you would love it .

C Even if do n't know how to swim , you will it .

S In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .

C In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .

S There are many swimming pools in Hong Kong people love to swim with their families , friends or their children .

C There are a lot of pools in Hong Kong . People to swim with their families , friends or their children .

S People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in holidays , too .

C People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in the , too .

S Some people used to do cycling as relaxing .

C Some people usually cycling for

S People like cycling alone the river .

C People like cycling along river .

S Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .

C Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .

S Hello !

C Hello !

S I am Alexander Sokolov .

C I am Alexander Sokolov .

S I 'm going to visit your hotel from June,6 to June , 24

C I 'm going to visit your hotel from June 6 June .

S But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .

C But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .

S So would you please reserve a room to me where no animals have lived before ?

C So would you please reserve a room for where no animals have lived before ?

S Best regards , Alexander Sokolov

C Best regards , Alexander Sokolov

S Dear Gareth ,

C Dear Gareth ,

S I ca n't go to a barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .

C I ca n't go to the next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .

S I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .

C I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .

S What do you think about it ?

C What do you think about it ?

S Love ,

C Love ,

S Alicia

C Alicia

S The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .

C The last mistake that I made have been when I changed companies , I changed , have had lot of

S All company are the same , any solve your problems .

C All companies the same , any solve your problems

S I have had to put a claim because the company did n't resolve .

C I have had to make claim because the company did n't resolve my problems

S After a month I did n't know when I will receive my telephone .

C After a month , did n't know when I would my telephone .

S All this began because the first telephone that I received It was faulty .

C All this began because the first telephone that I received faulty .

S The company had to send me other telephone , this telephone turned out to faulty also .

C The company had to send me another . That turned out to be too

S Since that moment all have been problems .

C Since that moment , 've had nothing but .

S Now , I have to wait an answer the company .

C Now , I have to wait for answer from company .

S My favourite sport is handball . I play it every day for 4 class .

C My favourite sport is handball . I have played every day since 4

S I really like it because this is not game in which You only play of ball .

C I really like it because this is not a in which you play with a .

S This is really exciting and amazing .

C It really exciting and amazing .

S I feel happy when I play it .

C I feel happy when I play it .

S In this game you must play with team .

C In this game you must play with a .

S You must n't play only but you must with team .

C You must n't play alone , you must play a .

S My first match of handball was in 5 class .

C My first handball match in class 5

S I rememmber , because then We won .

C I remember because .

S On starting I was really biring and I want stop played .

C On starting , was really bored I wanted to playing

S Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .

C But I understood much game gives me , started running and training

S Training trener saied me that I 'm really good .

C The trainer to that I was good .

S This words did that I was starting more

C These made

S belive in yourself .

C belive in yourself .

S If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .

C If you like to try playing know that the time is always the worst .

S But You must n't

C But you n't

S not belive in yourself .

C not believe yourself .

S This is my advice for everyone who like to play in every game .

C This is my advice for anyone would to play .

S before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .

C Before to talk the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most my life . respect them , them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .

S the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .

C The member I love most think my best friend is sister . She older than by 12 years . can tell her anything my life , myself my feelings , also if I love , would be the first to know

S about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .

C About the of my , as I said before , are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , do love them so . The one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is alive . But n't feel that feeling love towards my uncle . do love him , but he is just my uncle , more .

S at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family

C Finally want to about my cousins . love of them , the cousins same age . They my friends . them , and also the rest of my family .

S I would like to inform about recorrection of my family name in the result sheet .

C I would like to inform about correction my family name in the result sheet .

S I have already checked my family name with student service on last friday , 20 november .

C I have already checked my family name with student services 20 November

S My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .

C My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL ,

S Could you please recorrection of my family name .

C Could you please correct name .

S If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you will let me know as soon as possible .

C If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you would me know as soon as possible .

S The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .

C Sport very important bodies It many benefits to improve give us self - confidence , we should practise sport we love because it can change our minds better .

S A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .

C About . like playing volleyball I enjoy this when I play it because of its useful for my body .

S Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .

C Look a to you feel good and your brain will be , that you can begin your day with any sport to make after that you can do job with a .

S The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .

C The benefits of any sport make your health , we should it . Just every morning to make your blood your whole .

S He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .

C He is an athletic runner who set new global record . Nobody in him , the nor own father

S When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .

C When he was just about crossing finishing , got hurt and his muscles and started peel off a black matter . At point , guys in suits that he would be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They time and ran him . He for a moment , then started again and when he crossed line he woke up in a red somber . He wiped the matrix . He his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in wooden and they said that he would never be able to walk again . , he stood and tried to walk again .

S My favourite sport are basketball .

C My favourite sport is .

S I like this game very much .it is a very useful game .it helps me to keep fit .i play basketball many years ago .i want to be a very famous basketball player .

C I like this game very much . It a very useful game . It me to keep fit . I playing many years ago . I to be a very famous basketball player .

S basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .

C basketball needs to tall enough to play it . I basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me - confidence makes me active . If play basketball , he should do a lot of and try to be able to play it , everything is difficult at first , he n't give up .

S There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .

C There was an that each year in a particular hurricane . This is located on . this island these days they ca n't go there is a hurricane , they could the hurricane .

S The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .

C The island was flooded the island had a levee that prevented Then years , a building to have money than the city . He many advertisements things balls balloons movies , etc .

S The engineers need help to construct the building , they call to the professional to saw what is wrong .

C The engineers needed to construct the building . They to see was .

S Then the professional say that the island has expose whit the ocean .

C Then the professional said the island has expose ocean .

S They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .

C They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .

S Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .

C Then the engineers called the doubt . Then professional said the professional correct .

S Then the engineers say a forecast .

C Then the engineers made forecast .

S Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .

C Then drank coffee give them a lot of to construct the building faster This an ingredient can all .

S Then he worked all the night to finish the next month .

C Then he worked all to finish the next month .

S One month later

C One month later

S Then one elevator did n't function then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .

C First , elevator did n't function . Then had a fight to find who was to for elevator .

S Then the tourist went to this building to find a jobs to get money .

C Then tourists to this building to find to earn .

S Then the hurricane come and all the people was scared because they did n't know what he going to do .

C Then the hurricane came all the people were because they did n't know what they to do .

S The people did n't know that this was cycle because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .

C The people did n't know that this was a , the engineers did n't tell them hurricane .

S Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .

C Then the hurricane was roof of the island .

S But the engineer ignore this circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the residents .

C But the engineer ignored situation Then helicopter came save residents .

S This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .

C This helicopter had humid helicopter started rotate in whole . Then helicopter sank the water . Then hurricane ended engineers started distribute and medicine .

S Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .

C Then the engineers discovered the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over island and that the a . Then the city , to the people work in this building .

S When I started to study here in Australia . I have been found the difference of curriculum in my home country .

C When I started to study here in Australia , the difference in compared to home country .

S It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .

C It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .

S In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .

C In my home country , when I was at quite for me to follow the educational policies .

S The learning style is a traditional learning that is usual thing in my country .

C The learning style is a traditional learning style is usual my country .

S In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier .

C In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier

S " In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .

C " In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent and of material that have been thought prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of the genres of academic writing " .

S In contrast , to my present learning , it is precisely crucial .

C In contrast , in present learning , it is absolutely .

S The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .

C The academic style is more about thinking , and is hard cope because I need to understand it using their language .

S Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .

C Clearly , multiple factors have had major influences nature of the student population universities and how shift affects , and is affected by , policy and practiced are important issues

S As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style significant for my future course .

C As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style are my future course .

S It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to learning style back in my country .

C It has challenged me to adapt to universal to the style back in my country .

S Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but a fiction .

C Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but .

S It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " that the author is Brazilian .

C It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " whose Brazilian .

S The story is about five friends that begin investigate a drug traffic happening inside at school .

C The story is about five friends that begin investigating inside a .

S However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discover where is him .

C However , one friend disappears , the four friends decide discover where he is

S It 's a mystery story with a moral , because for surprise of reader , the director was the drug dealer that produced the drug inside the classes .

C It 's a mystery story with a moral , because to reader 's surprise the headmaster the drug dealer that produced the drug in classes .

S The moral is about the students do n't be naïve and take care of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .

C The moral is about not being and being careful unscrupulous men that sell drugs .

S Hi Jo !

C Hi Jo !

S I heard you will come to my country .

C I heard you are going to to my country .

S I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .

C I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .

S In Polen we have a lot of interesting places to visit .

C In Poland have a lot of interesting places to visit .

S Places that you can visit : mountains , see and lakes .

C Places that you can visit : mountains , sea lakes .

S We have a lot of nice old town .

C We have a lot of nice old towns

S Polen is amazing and interesting country .

C Poland an and interesting country .

S If you have working in Polen , the best way is job on holiday .

C If you have working Poland the best way is job on holiday

S If you have experience in cook , you will be right person for this job .

C If you have experience of you will be the person for this job .

S Hope you come soon .

C Hope you come soon .

S See you !

C See you !

S Love !

C Love !

S XYX

C XYX

S I have a dream to continue my study until Phd .

C I have a dream to continue my studies level

S However , I think that it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about information of scholarship .

C However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve of the limited

S In addition , I work as civil servant who should follow the government rule .

C In addition , I work as a servant who should follow the government rules

S Actually , I do n't give up and always looking for the opportunities .

C Actually , I do n't give up and always look .

S In my opinion , education is a way to improve our life quality .

C In my opinion , education is a way to improve our quality of life

S In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset also into better perspectives .

C In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset perspectives

S In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world perspective .

C In the broader capacity it can help my nation 's position in the world

S Therefore , I do not try to erase my ambition .

C Therefore , I do not try to suppress ambition .

S Everything is possible as long as we have effort .

C Everything is possible as long as we make an .

S travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .

C Travelling an essential in everybody 's life .

S Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .

C Although the number of cars is day by day , travel . Their income restricts ability buy cars .

S also the main drawback of cars is the environmental pollution .

C Also , main drawback of cars is pollution .

S Therefore public transport has its own importance .

C Therefore , transport has its own importance .

S In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .

C In order to avoid pollution , people should use transport . That not only help to reduce the pollution , also the extra expenditure

S government should focus for the improvement of public transport and must discourage the individual cars .

C The should focus on improvement of public transport and must discourage cars .

S Hi Richard ,

C Hi Richard ,

S Thank you for your money .

C Thank you for your money .

S I 'm going to buy a DVD from ' Frozen ' .

C I 'm going to buy a DVD of Frozen ' .

S I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .

C I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .

S Take the best care .

C Take the best care .

S Lorena

C Lorena

S Dear Peter ,

C Dear Peter ,

S Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .

C Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .

S It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .

C It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .

S In my country the weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .

C In my country , celebrated from Spring to Autumn .

S People wear special dress .

C People wear special clothes

S If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .

C If the wedding is in the morning , wear short dresses , the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dresses

S The food is varied .

C The food is varied .

S You can have several dish such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .

C You can have several dishes , as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .

S I hope that 's useful .

C I hope that 's useful .

S By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .

C By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .

S Bye for now ,

C Bye for now ,

S Lorena

C Lorena

S Bye for now ,

C Bye for now ,

S Lorena

C Lorena

S Hello Jo .

C Hello Jo .

S Good I am going to throw a hand .

C Good I am going to throw a hand .

S My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .

C My advice for is that there are several types of transport but the most economical transport the expensive transport is , for example .

S But , you can travel by plane , it is not very expensive .

C But , you can travel by plane . It not very expensive .

S My advice of finding work , is a bit complicate because nowadays there are a lot of people without work .

C My advice for work a bit complicated , , are a lot of people without work .

S But you can been lucky because the summer is very near and the work increase .

C But you could , the summer is very near and the work increases

S Your you can find work , since you have the learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .

C You find work , since you have English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .

S Well , I wish the best thing you and that you find work .

C Well , I wish you all the best that you find work .

S Good luck

C Good luck !

S By David .

C From .

S I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .

C I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .

S I expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .

C I had waiting for day for a time . It my wedding .

S In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba so I accepted excited .

C In the sprinter he proposed to me in Cordoba , I excitedly accepted

S We had a long love story .

C We had a long love story .

S I met with my boyfriend 5 years ago so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .

C I had boyfriend 5 years ago , I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .

S I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .

C I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed

S It was a excited day , all my friends , family … were with me .

C It was an , all my friends , family … were with me .

S My boyfriend become in my husband .

C My boyfriend became .

S He was very beautiful and he sang a magnific song for me .

C He was very handsome he sang a magnificent for me .

S Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .

C These days he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he loves very .

S Dear Sir ,

C Dear Sir ,

S I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .

C I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .

S I liked my work there so much .

C I liked my work there so much .

S My work was about reserving tickets for the customers .

C My work was tickets for the customers .

S It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .

C It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .

S In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .

C In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .

S I am looking forward to hear from you about how did you spend your summer .

C I am looking forward to hearing you about how spent summer .

S Sincerely ,

C Sincerely ,

S Gehad

C Gehad

S Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I have thirteen years old .

C Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I am years old .

S I like playing games and read .

C I like playing games and reading

S I 'm from Brazil .

C I 'm from Brazil .

S My best friend is Jennifer Giordano , she 's Pretty and Smart .

C My best friend is Jennifer Giordano . She pretty smart

S I will recommend Huang Ji Huang to celebrate our farewell dinner .

C I would Huang Ji Huang to host farewell dinner .

S Huang Ji Huang is located in popular district in North Jakarta which many people call it PIK .

C Huang Ji Huang is located in the district in North Jakarta which many people call .

S This is China - based chain that is recently opened .

C This a China - based chain that has opened .

S This restaurant has many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .

C This restaurant had received awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .

S The place of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compared with the other restaurants in PIK .

C The building Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compare it the other restaurants in PIK .

S The place is provided private room and karaoke room in one place .

C The place has a room and a room in one place .

S Besides that the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose private room to support our farewell dinner .

C Besides that , public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the room to accommodate farewell dinner .

S The waiters who worked here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are capable make their customer satisfied with the service .

C The waiters who work are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are able to their customers with the service .

S Huang ji huang specialized in the stew pots menu , which will take you to enjoy an authentic Chinese food .

C Huang Ji a pots menu , which will allow to enjoy Chinese food .

S You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .

C You can order a that Huang Ji Huang offers you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , you must choose 3 to ingredients .

S Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can give your stew pot become tasteful , and one of them is Mala Sauce .

C Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can make stew pot and one of them is Mala Sauce .

S Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .

C Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .

S But if you do not like spicy you can also try the Honey Sauce .

C But if you do not like spicy , can also try the Honey Sauce .

S After all the food is very tempted to try and the size portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .

C After all food is very tempting try and the size of a is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .

S The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and taste from the food .

C The price is cheap if you take into account service and the of food .

S Having farewell dinner here is worth the money .

C Having a dinner here is worth the money .

S Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .

C Every month , Ji Huang always have special offer for customers and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a discount to spend 500 IDR or more for information can check the website or call the restaurant .

S And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decided to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .

C And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decide hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .

S I used all of the things except two .

C I used all of the things except two .

S I did n't have the Internet when I was child .

C I did n't have the Internet when I was child .

S And also we could n't choose programmes .

C And also we could n't choose programmes .

S I played in the street and walked to school alone .

C I played in the street and walked to school alone .

S I'm thinking what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .

C I'm thinking about kind of were more dangerous for me . It very when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .

S We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .

C We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .

S When I remember that moment I am exciting .

C When I remember that moment , am excited

S I guess everychild want to investigate the world .

C I guess every child investigate the world .

S We have to help them , to show and explain .

C We have to help them , to show and explain .

S What kind of risks they can get if to do that .

C What kind of risks they can run they that .

S Nuclear energy is one of most important source to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .

C Nuclear energy is one of most important sources generate energy and heat for the people in the world .

S The countries diurnal attempts to develop the industry of nuclear to produce more power .

C The countries develop the nuclear industry produce more power .

S There are many views of using the nuclear power .

C There are many views about the nuclear power .

S Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .

C Some people think has value to produce power compared to , as oil , are not energy .

S Moreover , they think that controlling the pollution is possible .

C Moreover , they think that controlling is possible .

S Whereas .

C Whereas .

S The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that the countries try to own , threat the peace in the world .

C The serious side of power is the dangerous weapons that try to own , which peace in the world .

S These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten but destroy a large town completely .

C These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten , destroy a large town completely .

S In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .

C In my opinion , power is important for great development in . to establish this energy and other sources to secure for people .

S Hi Lucy ,

C Hi Lucy ,

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love it .

C I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love

S Yesterday I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com

C Yesterday , was surfing Internet and found site www.bargainstime.com .

S It was really by chance .

C It was really by chance .

S I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it .

C I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it out

S I was in shock .

C I was in shock .

S There was so many trendy clothes in attractive prices .

C There were many trendy clothes at prices .

S Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jeans and black tight dress .

C Immediately , I did some there . I bought a pair of blue jeans and a black .

S the material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .

C The is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .

S This is on the big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .

C This is plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .

S I know that you are looking for a wedding dresses and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .

C I know that you are looking for a wedding dress I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .

S I think you will like it just as me .

C I think you will like it just like .

S I hope it will hepls you .

C I hope it will help .

S See you soon ,

C See you soon ,

S Martyna

C Martyna

S In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their apartment .

C In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their own .

S He worked a lot , arrived late of his work and never has time to be with Ann .

C He worked a lot , arrived late from work and never had to be with Ann .

S But they were lovely and they decided that get married in 2010 .

C But they were in love they decided that they would married in 2010 .

S Was everything organized .

C Everything was .

S Ann decided that she 'll experiment her dress of marriage

C Ann decided that she 'd on wedding dress

S in her apartment while Michel was working .

C in her apartment while Michel was working .

S There are a history that the man ca n't to see

C There is tradition the man must

S his woman before the date of wedding .

C his bride the wedding day

S Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw

C Michel arrived home earlier , and when he , he saw

S Ann dressed in her wedding dress .

C Ann dressed in her wedding dress .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S The fastest option to go on holidays

C The fastest option for holidays

S My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .

C My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .

S By plany you rarely have problems with your luggage .

C By plane , rarely have problems with your luggage .

S By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .

C By train , do have your luggage .

S By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .

C By plane , can hand luggage in the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You always be that you will find a place for your luggage .

S Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep except you have a loud person close to you .

C Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep unless have a loud person close to you .

S That can be annoyand .

C That can be annoying

S I think travel by boat is one of the baddest ways to travel when you are seasick .

C I think travel by boat is one of the worst to travel if get .

S Then you must travel by train or by plane .

C Then you must travel by train or by plane .

S BIG FISH ,

C BIG FISH ,

S A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "

C A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "

S Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .

C Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .

S If you are not very hungry .

C If you are not very hungry .

S You can eat small pieces of different dishes and to have dinner or lunch inexpensively .

C You can eat small pieces of different dishes and dinner or lunch inexpensively .

S For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .

C For more than thirty years , Nerja has been openend day " Big Fish " , traditional restaurant with the cuisine the coast of Málaga .

S With your drink the first portion is on the house .

C With your drink , first portion is on the house .

S If you pay between one and three euros you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .

C If you pay between one and three euros , can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .

S The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus salad , which is known by everyone .

C The portion of prawns is very famous , is the salad , which is known by everyone .

S The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season you would not have to wait a long time .

C The service is very organised and fast . Although might be season , will have to wait a long time .

S This restaurant only has a little problem .

C This restaurant only has one problem .

S You can eat " tapas " at the counter or in small tables near the bar .

C You can eat " tapas " at the counter or at tables near the bar .

S The rest of the diningroom is exclusive by eating meals .

C The rest of the dining room exclusively meals .

S Discussions about genetic manipulation become strong when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .

C Discussions about genetic manipulation become heavy a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .

S For several decades the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .

C For several decades , population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .

S Improve human nutrition and agriculture conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .

C Improving nutrition and agriculatural are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .

S In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose , in the second quarter , sales went up but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .

C In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose . In second quarter , sales went up , in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .

S In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter that it were unchanged .

C In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter when unchanged .

S this is good , because sales mever went down .

C This good , because sales never down .

S My favourite sport is football , I love it .

C My favourite sport is football . love it .

S It is the most popular sport in the world .

C It is the most popular sport in the world .

S I enjoy play it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this for me is really important .

C I enjoy playing , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this , me , really important .

S The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .

C The thing I like best about is playing , but I also like watching it In fact am a fan of the team Lazio .

S Some people think that the football is a bad thing because the footballer are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like it .

C Some people think that is a bad thing because the footballers all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like that

S Ok there are some fans who are n't good people but the most important associations of football are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .

C OK , are some fans who are n't good people , the major associations trying to stop them to abolish all bad things in football .

S For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .

C For all the people advise you start playing watching football , , me , is a very good sport . But can only play football well you really like it , because , and foremost , is fun .

S As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .

C Like year , on twenty - third April , the of the , in my school all the students the and sixth years primary school a story competition and the winner gets prize

S the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .

C The usually book and a ticket to theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .

S Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .

C Always the director of my school , who is Michael , is the one organizes this event so the children can fun writing their .

S But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C But this year , Michael organized it badly he did n't have books for all the and a lot of them n't get a so Michel the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S I think my town really take care of the environment , because there are a lot of parkｓ in this town and these are very clean .

C I think my town really takes of the environment , because there are a lot of parks this town and they very clean .

S However some people are not care of environment that mean some people throw garbage away in the park .

C However , people do care about . That people throw garbage away in the park .

S I think almost everyone loves parks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersise , nap etc .

C I think almost everyone loves parks , a lot of people go to the park and have , picnic , do nap etc .

S I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .

C I think after eating in park after is good .

S Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .

C However does , so how much the authorities is important and this town a lot .

S Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .

C Every morning , people and clean us really grateful

S When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .

C When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the are clean , I think many people as well .

S There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .

C There are many sports grounds , example , courts football pitches play equipment for children I think my town takes care of the . That will be able to be condition in both mind and body a time .

S Espesialy there are a lot of greens these makes good health .

C In particular are a lot of green areas These health .

S However someone have to take care of them .

C However , has take care of them .

S The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .

C The town has do that and I think in England there are so many green areas around , so a lot of people take care of these and creates environment .

S After I have been to live in England with my family I have goton the feel very much indeed .

C After I went live in England with my family , have goton the feel much indeed .

S pain and gain

C Pain Gain

S This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .

C This movie is based unquote a " true story " , director Michael the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood this movie . 's a bodybuilder named Daniel decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property which obviously is a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the get him .

S Its a great funny movie especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .

C It 's great funny movie , for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .

S Hi Julie ,

C Hi Julie ,

S thank you for your present .

C thank you for your present .

S I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .

C I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .

S It is a very beautiful T because -shirt I like the colour and the pattern .

C It is a very beautiful T - shirt the colour and the pattern .

S My day in London

C My day in London

S I went to London in April .

C I went to London in April .

S It was pretty warm .

C It was pretty warm .

S My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .

C My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .

S We saw a lot of sights like the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world and the London Eye .

C We saw a lot of sights , Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world , the London Eye .

S To got to the Big Ben we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye a red bus .

C To get Ben , took the underground , but to get to the London Eye , red bus .

S After 3 days we went home .

C After 3 days we came .

S I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .

C I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .

S A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .

C A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .

S Sport is very important for every one .

C Sport is very important for everyone

S Old and young are benefit from sports .

C Old people young people sports .

S My favourite sport is volleyball .

C My favourite sport is volleyball .

S I like it very much . I practise it in the club .

C I like it very much . I play at .

S I play it with my companions .

C I play it with my friends

S It makes my body healthy and strong .

C It makes my body healthy and strong .

S when you score alot of points , you will win the match .

C If score a lot points , you will win the match .

S Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .

C Generally , are minds

S I practise it with my friends .

C I play with my friends .

S I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .

C I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .

S my parents always support me to play what like and

C My always support me playing I and

S enjoy .

C enjoy .

S It make me lose weight easily without doing any effort .

C It makes lose weight easily without making effort .

S I do n't find any difficulty in doing it .

C I do n't find any difficulty it .

S My favourite sport is basketball .

C My favourite sport is basketball .

S Usually I only play basketball in school .

C Usually I only play basketball at .

S We play by teams or each one alone .

C We play in or each one alone .

S Of course we do n't have 2 million balls for each student no we share with each other .

C Of course , do n't have 2 million balls for each student . No , share with each other .

S Also , not all the school play in one time no every section have time to play in .

C Also , not all the school play at time so section has to play

S In school I always play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .

C At I always play with friends and play and my friends and I always

S Last time I played when won 14 by 5 .

C Last time I played we 14 to .

S do you know do I enjoy my sport I will tell you why because when you play you have fun and interested .

C Do know why my sport ? will tell you why . you play you have fun and interested

S My advice for people who is starting this sport is to repeat playing until they get it .

C My advice for people who are this sport is to practise until they get it .

S My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember to watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out lous with my brother .

C My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out loud my brother .

S I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !

C I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !

S My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly innocent man .

C My favourite is Joey , who is a silly , man .

S He live with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .

C He lives Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .

S It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .

C It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives definitely an essential role in According the experts , ca n't create a society without creative , and specific part of our partners surrounding our activities .

S One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .

C One of the main advantages family is the recognition are at a age Children attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or and not to society .

S Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their live .

C Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their lives

S Moreover , families take an essential part in protect their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmance toward country .leading to effictive , creative and useful civilians .

C Moreover , families play essential part in protecting members from bad atmosphere and it probably reflects their performance country leading effective creative and useful civilians .

S the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .

C The film I watched " The . horror / suspense movie . was really scared .

S It is about a family ( the mother and her two children nicholas and anne ) , the mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .

C It is about a family ( a and her two children , Anne . The is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the light in .

S so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .

C So does go in the day , and in a room there be more than one at a time ; has always be in the house .

S Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someone called victor who " play 's "

C Strange things happen in the house . " intruders " in the house ; many times someone called Victor " plays

S and the mother thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her and started searching for the intruders .

C and the mother thinks she is lying But a while , believes and starts for the intruders .

S At the end theintruders turn out to be ghosts that

C At the end , intruders out to be ghosts that

S yes becouse yes

C 

S fsdjgdofg

C 

S Public transportation

C Public transportation

S I think nowadays is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .

C I think nowadays it more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there is future for public transportation it is not completely true . think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .

S Another reason is that here in Mexico , in some cities you ca n't use your car in specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .

C Another reason is that , in Mexico , in some cities , ca n't use your car on days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .

S Well , my college has been provide an organization called Enactus .

C Well , my college has organization called Enactus .

S I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .

C I 'm a member of and its goal is to the positivity of our society by setting up that people who really need help .

S So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .

C So , we have done 8 projects since I I a good feeling through helping other people .

S we interned 2 national Competitions in 2 years and won second place on one of our projects and gained 2 leagues on other ones .

C We national competitions 2 years and won second place for of our projects and gained 2 leagues for ones .

S we made our university proud plus helping people .

C We our university proud , we .

S Now , we are over 180 members in this organization and getting increase .

C Now , there over 180 members in this organization and the number is

S We need more of this organization cross the world and there is a lot of students ready for help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .

C We need more of this type of across world and there are lot of students ready to and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .

S Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .

C Nowadays , ways life been many ways

S Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .

C Does why , easy to believe that if things continue at pace transforming everything in the , years , is going to completely new different .

S In the past , people were used to live the instant without concerning about the future .

C In the past , people to live in moment concern the future .

S Lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .

C The lives everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .

S For that , everything were kind of similar and static for many years .

C Because of , everything was of similar and static for many years .

S But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .

C But then industrialization came , that , , so ways of life to change and everything started go faster .

S As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .

C As I said of , things have possible less time , and with the passage the years , has tended increase .

S For example , sharing knowledge and experiences allows that everybody can do or apply things and develops faster .

C For example , sharing knowledge and experiences means everybody can do or apply things and develop .

S Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .

C It also research be shared or , example , can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , you can react faster and make some changes .

S Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .

C Another example of why lives are going to in 50 years is because , , connection with makes concerned their health , their of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it be easier to see how much we are earth , we will see faster the impacts that this has lives

S As a result we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .

C As a result , will to change fast , to try to fix what we have broken start rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .

S Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .

C Last but not least family perception , been and for that time will be different because it be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kids

S They are tending to work as much as men 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard too , thinking about getting married .

C They are tending to work as much as men so it hard to have time for building a family or even sometimes it hard , , thinking about getting married .

S So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .

C As a result maybe there be a workforce 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on hobbies , sports , self care traveling .

S I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .

C I studied in Kuwaiti . I went to university , the faculty of human medicine . graduated from it in 2008 with a good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an grade .

S Then I returned to Kuwait , to set at home till I find work or may get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....

C Then I returned to Kuwait , to stay home till I find work or a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....

S Now I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others

C Now I 'm working in voluntary positions like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others .

S This premonition can not hold more true .

C This premonition can not hold more true .

S Traveling in public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .

C Traveling on transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .

S Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thiefs .

C Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thieves

S That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .

C That is why I traveling in own car is the best thing can happen to a .

S You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .

C You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .

S Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .

C Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .

S This suggestion is controversial .

C This suggestion is controversial .

S On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .

C On the one hand , is becoming fat and some of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat healthily

S On the other hand it 's hard to implement this idea .

C On the other hand , 's hard to implement this idea .

S The companies who produce products with harmful ingedients are very mighty so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .

C The companies who produce products with harmful ingredients very powerful , that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .

S The example on cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .

C The example of packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .

S the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .

C The of this report is to provide an to relocate the current campus canteen a location that would be accessible for all the students . Hence , will hopefully prove both profitability of the canteen and the important it plays for all the students on campus .

S One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .

C One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .

S He was worried that the bird charged him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cavern .

C He was worried that the bird might charge , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cave

S Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cavern away from danger .

C Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cave from danger .

S It 's the day after and Jonas has put up all night in the cavern and at cold .

C It 's the day after and Jonas has stayed night in the cave in the .

S At dawn the man goes out from the cavern and look at the sky to see if there was the bird of prey .

C At dawn the man goes out of cave looks the sky to see if there is of prey .

S Jonas does n't see the bird and think that the predatory had gone away , during the night .

C Jonas does n't see the bird and thinks the predator away , during the night .

S So he decides to get home .

C So he decides to go .

S While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .

C While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .

S He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he is successful in kill the bird of prey .

C He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he was in killing bird of prey .

S After two long day Jonas get home safe and sound and tell everything about his experience .

C After two long days , gets safe and sound and tells about his experience .

S As all of us know that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .

C As all of us know , generation prefers everything to be their own .

S An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .

C And the process of owning , have moved far that a day will come we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .

S It will automatically diminish its presence .

C It will automatically diminish its presence .

S As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .

C As our country is developing , will be time and every individual will be self - and will prefer having their own vehicle to commuting one place the other .

S In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .

C In 1999 college friends went to the on holiday They to have

S But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .

C But one , quad bikes , and sad " 's that ? " a body . They were ran their .

S other frinds coll poles .

C The friends the

S Polles came with big investigation .

C The police with investigation .

S the investigation accuse them and investigate prison .

C the investigation accused and investigate prison

S after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .

C After days , the the scene . The what they were doing He scared puzzled

S they cache them .

C They

S after tow days he was confess .

C after two he confessed

S the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .

C The feom the gues he apologised

S television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .

C television serves the dual purposes entertaining and educating people . In to cope with competitive and get recognized in the corporate , must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .

S Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment television has also become a source of information .

C Television has become one of the means to reduce levels . Besides entertainment , has also become a source of information .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,

C Dear Sir or Madam ,

S I apply to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .

C I have applied your University and I am still waiting for an answer .

S Also , I am do not get an intitation to an interview yet .

C Also , I had invitation an interview yet .

S The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britan from 22 to 25 February .

C The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britain 22 to 25 February .

S I am sorry if I do not understood in your previous e - mails .

C I am sorry if I have understood previous e - mails .

S I am waiting for your answer .

C I am waiting for your answer .

S Yours sincerely

C Yours sincerely

S Well I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engeering sustainable development .

C Well , 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engineering development .

S One of the things that I feel stressed are the finals exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused with my notes .

C One of the things that I feel stressed about the final , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused by notes .

S To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .

C To be honest , take the finals exams as challenge and it becomes exciting for me , I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and of the time , get grades

S Sometimes I trust a lot and I have a bad grades so I feel depressed .

C Sometimes , trust a lot I have grades so I feel depressed .

S Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .

C Nowadays , necessary to life .

S However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metro .

C However , a lot of have a problem with because this . The is citizens n't use public transport , as buses taxis or even the .

S Consequently , gorvernment start to support and take care of the public transporte .

C Consequently , gorvernment has started support and take care of transport

S Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .

C Moreover , 's not only a , the transport is in condition .

S Much toxic and exhaust flow to air .

C A lot of is emitted the .

S How can we recover the pubilc transporte .

C How can we revive

S People are unpleasant because all of them have bad quality , so government ought to update new technology which protects the environment .

C People are unpleasant all of is quality , so governments to update it with technology which protects the environment .

S Now , the car price is very low 's cost so it very easy to buy a car .

C Now , the price of a car very low , it is easy to buy a car .

S The recenty years before , a family had only one car but today we have a car for ourselves .

C In the past a family had only one car , today we have a car for each of us

S Restaurant review

C Restaurant review

S This restaurant is excellent !

C This restaurant is excellent !

S It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .

C It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .

S Waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .

C The waiters always smiling and they are very nice .

S They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the etablissment .

C They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the establishment

S It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .

C It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .

S They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .

C They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .

S And for spring and summer they open a beautiful and large terrace .

C And for spring and summer they open a beautiful terrace .

S The atmosphere is very friendly .

C The atmosphere is very friendly .

S The food is excellent and copious .

C The food is excellent and copious .

S The baking of the meat is excellent .

C The baking the meat is excellent .

S The wait is not long , only a few minutes .

C The wait is not long , only a few minutes .

S This restaurant should be the best for our class .

C This restaurant would the best for our class .

S The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .

C The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .

S Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .

C Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .

S At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .

C At least they can meet other folks and relax , and listen to the music .

S In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .

C In the summer around the lake there so many concerts so you have finding the right one .

S Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the

C Luckily the schools closed for weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of to spend their

S leisure time together .

C leisure time together .

S in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .

C Nowadays , is very little public transport The general prefer much faster and more convenient of traveling around . Though in major avoid congestion it is widely public transport is - .

S public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .

C Public is used by many people around the world , including me .

S Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .

C Some public transport do not pollute much as or motorbikes .

S Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .

C Many people say public transport is not comfortable 's . From point of view , a is not so uncomfortable

S Many people like going by car , but it pollute a lot more than going by public transort.public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also contamiate less than these .

C Many people like travelling car , but it pollutes lot more than going by public transport . Public is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also pollutes than them

S Public transport is also used by childrens like me who want to go to school , high school or to the univerity .

C Public transport is also used by children me who want to go to school , high school or to

S Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some people .

C Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some slight . It also very useful some people .

S In my opinion public transport souldn't dissapear .

C In my opinion , transport should n't

S I like to spend time cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .

C I like to spend time with little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .

S In the evening I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .

C In the evening , would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .

S I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .

C I would feel more energetic the day If I had busy or tight - work . came your advertisement for job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect I have a friendly rapport people me . I would be pleased to receive reply .

S My town tries to take care of the environment but sometimes it is not possible .

C My town tries to take care of the environment , sometimes it is not possible .

S Some people do n't have any conscience of the need of good environment .

C Some people do n't have any awareness the need for a environment .

S Neither they do n't seem to take care nature and all around it .

C Neither do they to take care of and everything them

S For instance , My town have a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .

C For instance , my has lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .

S However , that is n't protected by government and its institutions .

C However , that is n't protected by the and its institutions .

S Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my town .

C Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for environment , so have been destroyed , rivers are contaminated pollution has town .

S Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporations could to take our own resources without demand that they be careful with environment .

C Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed foreign enterprises or corporations take our own resources without demanding they be careful with the .

S This is clearly a symptom of how inside my town does n't care any element of the environment .

C This is clearly a symptom of how town does n't care about element of the environment .

S Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .

C Nevertheless , in the last decade , neighborhoods have become context .

S In this way , we can to see inside them that their population have so much control and they know that affect them .

C In this way , we can their population have so much control and they know that affects .

S Good management of the rubbish is a new inclination in many neighborhoods of my town .

C Good management of the rubbish is a new trend many neighborhoods of my town .

S Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .

C The recycling of , paper , cardboard etc , by the the biggest in town is a way to improve the environment .

S My favourite sport is box because it 's the only sport that can relax me .

C My favourite sport is boxing , it 's the only sport that can relax me .

S In my opinion this sport teaches to mature because in addition to set up the person physically , it instructs the mind .

C In my opinion , sport teaches us be , , addition to setting the person physically , it instructs the mind .

S I begin this sport for 2 years ago .

C I began sport years ago .

S My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .

C My brother had many when I him proud I try that .

S I do n't know what i can tell .

C I do n't know what I tell .

S Thank you goodbye .

C Thank you goodbye .

S Must people prefer large colleges more than small colleges for many advantages .

C Most prefer large colleges to colleges for their advantages .

S First , the majors offer numerous and diverse .

C First , the majors they are and diverse .

S It has a lot of faculty members .

C They lot of faculty members .

S It gives the students the freedom to choose his major and the teachers .

C They students the freedom to choose their their .

S In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .

C In addition , they lot of facilities that serve students , kindergartens take of the of , university housing , a the students medicine can be application it serves the people too , and a big library which many books in various languages .

S Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .

C Besides that , services like transport students and faculty , some restaurants , and a - .

S In addition , the location of large college is clear and the center at the city , so that easily accessible .

C In addition , the location of large a is clear and in center of city , so that is accessible .

S In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .

C In the end , large colleges admit larger students , so the students friendships people nationalities . Also community by qualifying students in various majors .

S Once upon a time there was a boy his name is Michael .

C Once upon a time , was a boy whose was .

S He had a very beautiful brown hair , Green eyes , and perfect smile .

C He had beautiful brown hair , green , and a smile .

S Michael loves to play football all the time .

C Michael loved play football all the time .

S Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .

C One day woke up early in morning and went to before school . When was , saw something running very fast and go away

S He 's back home for getting ready for school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .

C He went home to for school and forget what he had seen but he could .

S after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .

C After , did n't go because he wanted check if what he had seen morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .

S Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .

C Next day , woke up early again to play football but to see that would back that , he saw him .

S he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .

C He his bed to the street and walked his way to see what did every morning . When was walking the strange , noticed he stopped at trash can the street to take a look before the next one . And what ? He Michael and ran and was afraid .

S The stranger was looking for a food in the street to take it to his family .

C The stranger was looking for in the street to take his family .

S Hi Michael ,

C Hi Michael ,

S I just got back from a school trip to London .

C I just got back from a school trip to London .

S It was very cool .

C It was very cool .

S we visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .

C We the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .

S I liked the most in a wax museum .

C I liked the wax museum the most

S He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .

C He puts them on Marie Tussaud 1835 .

S There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when you were last on a school trip ? where it was and what you have seen ?

C There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . When you on a school trip ? Where it what did you see

S Hello John

C Hello John

S Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .

C Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .

S The organisation has reached its current position , because of people like you .

C The organisation has reached its current position of people like you .

S We would like to give six months time to scale up your skills .

C We would like to give you months scale up your skills .

S We are looking forward to see your participation in the Organisation after six months .

C We are looking forward to seeing participation in the Organisation after six months .

S My favorite sport is basketball .

C My favorite sport is basketball .

S I like it very much .

C I like it very much .

S Almost each weekend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .

C Almost every , I to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .

S And that 's my happiest time .

C And that 's my happiest time .

S Further more , I watch TV of NBA matches each day .

C Furthermore I watch NBA matches on TV .

S I am quite interested with how the stars are going on .

C I am quite interested in the stars are getting .

S Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .

C Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .

S This becomes the concern of the employers since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .

C This becomes the concern of , it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .

S This should also become the ED UMM commitment .

C This should also become the ED UMM commitment .

S FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )

C FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )

S TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .

C The of this film is about a 25-year - old woman who living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out and met a crazy who her in a seedy drug smuggling racket a Korean gang forced her to be a drugs mule

S A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .

C A new substance , called CPH4 , destined be distributed around Europe and the United States by which was put her stomach by surgery .

S But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .

C But everything went of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her abdomen . The spills her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its .

S During this time she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .

C During this time , contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the of a to ask him what happens if a person reaches of their activity or IQ .

S She 'll end up knowing the answer .

C She 'll end up knowing the answer .

S It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .

C It is a gripping film , starring Johanson and Morgan Freeman in good acting that will keep you until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling

S Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .

C Nowadays , are using their cars instead of public transport . This obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is than in .

S Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .

C People getting used to driving cars provides more comfort and is more practical .

S You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary make a long queues at metro or bus stations .

C You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to in at metro or bus stations .

S The government are opposing to invest in public infraestructures , because the benefits are lower every year .

C The government are opposed investing public infrastructure because the benefits are lower every year .

S They are preferring to invest in public roads and motorways .

C They prefer invest in public roads and motorways .

S The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .

C The impact of this consequences for In future , global pollution will increase according to the level of .

S The travelling by car it 's very bad .

C Travelling car is bad .

S With the public transport we protected the environment .

C By we protect environment .

S The pollutes it 's a global problem .

C global problem .

S If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .

C If we by car , pollution public transport .

S Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .

C On the other hand transport pollutes less than car but the car is comfortable and not be hour hard

S With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .

C With a , feel more free as I do n't depend on people to the destination

S I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .

C I believe that in the future all transport will be or , ,

S The actual system is not possible stand long time .

C The current is not sustainable

S Recently I saw the trailer of the film about vampires .

C Recently , saw the trailer of a about vampires .

S The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .

C The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .

S It is about two men and one woman .

C It is about two men and one woman .

S The girl is 18 years old and men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 years .

C The girl is 18 years old and the ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they are 100 years old

S One of vampires decides to return to high school .

C One of vampires decides to return to high school .

S There he meets a girl .

C There he meets a girl .

S He falls in love in her .

C He falls in love with .

S They are together .

C They are together .

S Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and also falls in love in her .

C Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and he falls in love with .

S All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .

C All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .

S This trailer I like and I think that the film would be cool .

C I like this trailer I think that the film would be cool .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

S He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closed so he had to found a solution .

C He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all the were closed , he had to find solution .

S A few hours , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he has ever seen , so he picked them up .

C A few hours later he was walking past garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he had seen , so he picked them up .

S However , flowers were n't enough so he decided to think in anything else .

C However , flowers were n't enough , he decided to think of .

S Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .

C Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .

S Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .

C Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .

S If you do n't want to pass this situation , you must always do things with time .

C If you do n't want to experience situation , you must always do things on .

S In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .

C I is better for environment going by reduces CO2 emissions and removes from the streets .

S Reducing the rush hours in the main hours cause a CO2 reduction in the air .

C Reducing the rush hours in the main hours causes CO2 reduction in the air .

S it is a true statement about cars , travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new tecnologies apply to the

C It a true statement about cars . Travelling car is so much more convenient and the new technologies to the

S People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .

C People should eat fast food and do regular exercise healthy

S People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .

C People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .

S Many of us do not get enough time in the morning , to prepare our lunch for the office .

C Many of us do not get enough time in the morning prepare our lunch for the office .

S Easy availability is also tempting us for fast foods .

C Easy availability also tempts to foods .

S University education is good for the students but they also need to learn industry specific skills .

C University education is good for but they also need to learn industry - skills .

S Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required at their place of work .

C Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required in place of work .

S New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .

C New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .

S In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers but not their disappearance from classrooms .

C In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers and their disappearance from classrooms .

S At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .

C At university level , the of IT training , software and manuals provides ever accessible source of information otherwise would not be to .

S For example , India has high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indian .

C For example , India has a rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment Indian .

S Nowadays internet represents the whole knowledge that people have collected over the centures .

C Nowadays , the represents the whole of the that people have collected over the centuries

S So it provides a lot of interesting information , one of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .

C So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example which is how different machines work , be found at www.howstuffworks.com .

S Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .

C Also , the internet ' nowadays to get information from over the world , and if you wish to get involved , go to . These are a way to find the relevant about current , in society and technology

S One day i decide o buy news paper .

C One day I a

S When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found from there The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .

C When I home , I read the newspaper so I out there that International Student Magazine have organized short story competition , and I decided call Michael to tell him about this contest .

S Michael was told me he was knew about this contest and at that moment he want to call me to ask , if I am able to came with him at that contest .

C Michael me he about this contest and at that moment he wanted call me to ask I was to come him to contest .

S After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .

C After I decided to go with him to contest , I was thinking about contest next year to participate in win that contest , so this year I was wondering what program was like

S When we were arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest is started .

C When we there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest .

S I was wondering if Michael pass that exam .

C I was wondering if Michael passed exam .

S I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .

C I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .

S After Michael was opened the door from the classroom , I was saw in his eyes something strange .

C After Michael the door to classroom , I in his eyes something strange .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S The doorbell rang .

C The doorbell rang .

S When I opened the door imagine my surprised by what I saw .

C When I opened the door , my surprise I saw .

S It was awesome !

C It was awesome !

S One Direction was in front of my door !

C One Direction was in front of my door !

S I could n't believe in my eyes ...

C I could n't believe eyes ...

S It was weird that Niall was missing .

C It was weird that Niall was missing .

S Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .

C Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .

S When we came back in our dressing room , " Golem " waited for us .

C When we came back to dressing room , " Golem " was waiting us .

S " Golem " as we all know , are magical creatures , made from mud and having black rocks for the eyes , which can be brought to life by a incantation .

C " Golem " , we all know , are magical creatures from mud and having black rocks for can be brought to life by an .

S So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't make it to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .

C So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't manage escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .

S Now , " Golem " hold him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "

C Now , " Golem " are holding hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "

S I looked at them trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "

C I looked at them , to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "

S We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .

C We took all we needed and started the search Niall ... We went to the in Los Angeles , but we could n't find .

S One night , which we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave , out of Los Angeles .

C One night , while were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave Los Angeles .

S I could n't believe in my eyes , we found Niall .

C I could n't believe eyes , we had Niall .

S Then , we got out of our car and save Niall , after we were fighting with " Golem " and came back home .

C Then , we got out of our car and saved , then fought " Golem " and came back home .

S Recently , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenient .

C These days an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenience

S In my opinion , public transport will still exist in the society .

C In my opinion , public transport will still exist in .

S There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .

C There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .

S Firstly , for the long - distance , the car is not as convenient as airport .

C Firstly , for - distance journeys the car is not as convenient as airplanes ,

S for example , if you go to another city by car , you may spent more than two days on the way .

C for example . If go to another city by car , you may spend than two days on the journey

S On the contrary , airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .

C In contrast travelling by takes hours , and you can get your destination .

S The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .

C The time spent a plane lower than taking a .

S Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thing for part of developing or undeveloped country .

C Secondly , owning a is not a normal thing for most undeveloped countries

S The fee of buying car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .

C The cost buying a and fuel expensive for poor people .

S Thus , it is important to use public transport because it is much cheaper than private car , and everyone can consume .

C Thus , it is important to use public transport , it is much cheaper than a car , and everyone can consume .

S Thirdly , the global warming is a serious issue for human who live in the earth .

C Thirdly , warming is a serious problem humans live on earth .

S Air pollution is the main causes for global warming .

C Air pollution is the main cause warming .

S The great number of using private car leads to higher level of air pollution , and the public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .

C The great number of people private cars to higher levels air pollution , and transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing pollution .

S To sum up , there are numerous benefits to use public transport , and it will not disappear .

C To sum up , there are numerous benefits to using transport , and it will not disappear .

S Nowadays public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :

C Nowadays , transportation is available all around the planet . can admit that the transport revolution has been plave the last century , due to and technological development , the transport sector is always in .

S In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .

C On other hand we must mention the plane sector has been growing Currently it the most common mode transport for going away and that means that decreased in order to let the plane market boom

S Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .

C Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choices cars , motorbikes , buses trains , also , we were saying planes .

S According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .

C According to the information donne the most used mode of transport the car as have , but transportation is getting more and more common for those want to preserve planet and develop other alternatives more respectful planet .

S As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .

C As we were saying the new ecological movement is increasingly powerful and charismatic Due that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They also linked to the new fashion a .

S In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth

C In conclusion , we are seeing new tend in transport . Increasingly they are faster and more developed with the latest technology included , in contrast we find also a contradiction , as we found another for which avoids order to respect the Earth .

S I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .

C I agree that commuting car is easier and faster than most . However there are serious problems that from . The vehicles on the roads keeps causes and pollution , are far more severe than the inconvenience caused public transportation .

S Thus , I think the future for public transportation will be more proferous .

C Thus , I think the future of transportation will be more prosperous

S Dear Jo

C Dear Jo

S Many thanks for your message ,

C Many thanks for your message .

S when you can , you call me .

C When can , me .

S Then if you want we could go to the restaurant of the city

C Then , you want , could go to the restaurant in city .

S later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .

C Later you want , could find job for three months . In opinion , good job for three months be as , a lot of in the three months of the summer .

S also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .

C Also believe that lifeguard could be a good job because , summer , people go to the beach and they need lifeguards

S If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .

C If I were you , would choose to be a , more than .

S If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .

C If you want , could go to the capital city of my country . We go by because a is cheaper than the bus or train . We eat in the famous restaurants the city or we could go to the cinema . Also you want , visit the medieval wall .

S I am looking forward to see you

C I am looking forward to seeing .

S best wishes

C Best

S toni

C Toni

S Mobile phones are most important thing in our daily lifeis the most effective method for instantaneous communication .

C Mobile phones are the important thing in our daily lives . They are most effective method for instantaneous communication .

S However the extensive use of mobiles create lot of problems .

C However , extensive use of mobiles creates of problems .

S This essay evaluates whether its demerits outweigh its merits .

C This essay evaluates whether the outweigh the .

S To begin with now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .

C To begin with , are addicted to mobiles . For , people waste valuable time on .

S Moreover their concentration is reduced .

C Moreover , concentration is reduced .

S Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and can leads to several issues including crimes .

C Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with people , this lead several issues including crimes .

S To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .

C To sum up , people be of drawbacks of phones and use them .

S Uncertain future for Public Transport

C Uncertain future for Public Transport

S Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by government for the general people .

C Public transport is generally transport system provided by the for the general populace

S These transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .

C This includes buses , trains & boats etc .

S People of all classes can use this .

C People of all classes can use these

S This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .

C This facility helps the general populace usually this is least .

S My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .

C My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .

S The first time when I ride on the horse I was 14 and since that time I enjoy it very much .

C The first time rode the horse , was 14 , since that time , enjoy it very much .

S When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .

C When I ride , feel better and forget all of my problems .

S Riding the horse gives me a state of freedom .

C Riding a gives me a sense freedom .

S I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .

C I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .

S If you want to start to ride on a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "

C If you want to start to ride horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "

S They feel your fear .

C They feel your fear .

S Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .

C Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .

S I think that is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .

C I think it an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .

S Moreover , the alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to getting well .

C Moreover , should go to the doctor in order to get .

S In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all the society .

C In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all of

S I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .

C I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . kind of movie actually sometimes a little bad , the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally by one .

S Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes the participation of some Hollywood 's stars such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .

C Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan which has participation of some Hollywood , as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .

S public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .

C Public has a big role in transportation especially large cities like the of countries . Using sometimes traffic jams everyone their own car . To this , good road network needed . Also , cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .

S on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .

C On other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination because transport takes a route get places and as more advantage , transport is crowded is time .

S for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .

C For reason , your car is more convenient public transport . You travel whenever like and wherever want .

S finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .

C Finally in the near future , people be using their own cars because it saves a lot of as compared public transport and the factor will be more important the future .

S On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood in 15 minutes .

C On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood for minutes .

S Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .

C Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .

S Everyone is in a hurry .

C Everyone is in a hurry .

S I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .

C I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .

S After school , I keep running on a track field to be an athlete on a school sports team .

C After school , I keep running on a track be an athlete in school sports team .

S In the rainy season , it is boring to do rehearsals as nobody is on the field .

C In the rainy season , it is boring to do practice nobody is on the field .

S I come back home on the sunset .

C I come back home at

S Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .

C Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .

S However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to prepare my homework for tomorrow 's school .

C However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to do homework for tomorrow 's school .

S My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need work or study , so I can go out with my friends and on Sunday I can wake up very late

C My favourite day Saturday because I do not need to or study , so I can go out with my friends , on Sunday I can wake up very late .

S write soon ,

C Write ,

S Dyogo

C Dyogo

S my favorite sport is basketball .

C My sport is basketball .

S it is amazing sport .

C It an sport .

S when i jump to throw the ball in the basket , i feel that i am flying .

C When to throw the ball in the basket , I like flying .

S when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .

C When the ball , I like holding goal a valuable object I offer my best to put it in its and do in the way .

S i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .

C I that I not a player and I belong to any team , I this game . Basketball so simple play but it concentration and the to determine . two teams five players each team tries get a by throwing the ball through the basket .

S What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,

C What I like most about game is that the of players play it , two players I everyone to try , with their friends or family .

S In this episode of my life I will to talk you about my daily routine .

C In this episode of my life I will to talk to about my daily routine .

S I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen

C I wake up early , 7 am . At , I out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I to kitchen .

S Nowadays , people live in very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient life as it is possible .

C Nowadays , people live in a modern and fast society and try to have as convenient a as it is possible .

S One of the many possibilities , how do our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .

C One of the many possibilities for making lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .

S Firstly , I like to mentioned public transport 's types .

C Firstly , I would to mention transport .

S The most common are bus and train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .

C The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , can use trams subways boats , for a distance , can take a flight .

S From my point of view , the main transport disadvantages , which caused our lives discomfort are time and place limitation , sharing the space with others , lack of free seat .

C From my point of view , the main disadvantages of public transport which make lives uncomfortable , time and place limitations sharing the space with others , lack of free seats

S On the other hand , people should think of the environment , pollution , global warming , which all are currently warning .

C On the other hand , people should think about environment , pollution , global warming , which are all warning

S We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .

C We should think of a future and try to be friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of is caused by cars not only of comfort .

S In my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .

C On birthday 's day , I directed to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .

S At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .

C At that , someone invited to me , school , they I went to dinner and went to sing .

S To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .

C At they touched because there were lot of people who planned a birthday party

S After finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .

C After I went , because was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .

S The next day , I was reluctanted to rise and class .

C The next day , I was reluctant get up go to .

S Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .

C Suddenly , I thought gift was gone . The said they n't take it but I doubted , so we quarrelled

S I came home from school , only to found a gift on the sofa .

C I got from school , only to find gift on the sofa .

S Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .

C I offered apology out of harm , but fortunately they n't get with .

S It is easy to make boiled egg .

C It is easy to make a egg .

S There are four steps to boil an egg and some tips to make it delicious .

C There are four steps to boiling egg and some tips to make it delicious .

S Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .

C Here recipe : First , get equipment , pan , water , one or more eggs , and , course , stove .

S Second , pour the hot water and eggs into the pan .

C Second , put hot water and eggs into the pan .

S Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .

C Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .

S Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .

C Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .

S Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .

C Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .

S That is how to boil an egg .

C That is how to boil an egg .

S Hi Peter !

C Hi Peter !

S Personally , I agree with your parents .

C Personally , I agree with your parents .

S I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something importantwith your own money .

C I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something important with own money .

S In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money for them it 's like wasting money .

C In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money on is wasting money .

S In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .

C In the future , 'll have to pay lot of money for , a home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , it 's not easy actually .

S Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !

C Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !

S Silvia .

C Silvia .

S Actually , where I live the public transport is highly used , It seems that in the near future they wo n't disappear .

C Actually , where I live , public transport is highly used . seems that in the near future it n't disappear .

S In fact in some countries overdeveloped may will extinguish because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .

C In fact , some overdeveloped countries it disappear , I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .

S But , that future is very far for our actual situation .

C But , that future is very far from current .

S Collecting book is my favourite pastime .

C Collecting books my favourite pastime .

S I started my hobby when I was a chid .

C I started my hobby when I was a child

S The first item in my collection is ABC book .

C The first item in my collection was an book .

S And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novel , dictionary , etc .

C And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novels dictionaries etc .

S Now I have about 100 and more in future , I hope that .

C Now I have about 100 and will have in future , I hope

S Whenever I find an interesting book I buy it immediately .

C Whenever I find an interesting book , buy it immediately .

S Sometimes , my family and my friends gives me book such gifts .

C Sometimes , my family and my friends give books .

S I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .

C I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .

S It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .

C It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .

S It keeps me amused for hours , too .

C It keeps me amused for hours , too .

S This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think this is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skill at the same time .

C This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think it a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skills the same time .

S As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly does the system work , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .

C As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly system works so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .

S Public transport is more convenient than cars , many ways.when we use public transport that benefits many ways .

C Public transport is more convenient than cars in . When use public transport that benefits in ways .

S Maintaing cars are expensive .

C Maintaining is .

S Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .

C With public you do not need to worry about up with petrol checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a way

S In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .

C In the , transport will affect .

S Elderly people wo nt able to drive always depends on public transport .

C Elderly people are n't to drive and depend public transport .

S If public transport stop services people who are not able to drive will affect a lot .

C If public transport services stop , who are not able to drive will be affected lot .

S Travelling by car is convenient but there are dis advantage as well .

C Travelling by car is convenient but there are disadvantage well .

S As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .

C As our population is fast , a family both husband and wife are and children at university are to drive , so you are looking at least 3 cars per household so imagine how busy our roads will be .

S As now fuel price coming down that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .

C As fuel prices are now down , does not mean that it will stay like that for ever ; up and down .

S In summary public transport is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding this .

C In summary , transport is important for our community and people have raise their concerns regarding this .

S Stopping public transport not going to gain anything rather than impact will be unpredictable .

C Stopping public transport is going to gain anything , the will be unpredictable .

S Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .

C Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .

S I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .

C I think sport is exercise for people who need to exercise have a suggestion for people want to have good health : an and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it be fun and healthy for physical constitution .

S It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .

C It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .

S Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .

C Michael had just that he had heard the alarm clock , he got a immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for .

S He thought .

C He thought .

S He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .

C He jumped out of bed and had a shower . There no time for breakfast so decided to buy something eat near the office .

S After the shower he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .

C After the shower , got suit , but he had forgotten that he had n't done ironing previous . Moreover , did n't have other ironed suits , he did it quickly .

S In spit of that he was dessed up on time .

C In spite that , was dressed .

S -Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .

C -Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .

S Although it was n't , he had forgotten to unplug the iron .

C Although it was n't true He forgotten to unplug the iron .

S Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Does basketball have the fame that is deserves ?

C Does basketball have the fame that it ?

S Nowadays basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .

C Nowadays , is the sport which rules in the USA .

S 90% of the Americans wants to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...

C 90% of want be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...

S According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , play basketball to forget the homework , problems and to relax in their free time .

C According to the results of a questionnaire Houston inhabitants ) of them basketball to forget , problems and to relax in their free time .

S Also they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sport which is more intense .

C Also , think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sports is more intense .

S However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...

C However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...

S Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .

C Furthermore , they give advice to all those " do n't ever lose passion " , if give up , they wo n't with the biggest players in world

S In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of United States of America .

C In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire the people think about the king sport the States of America .

S I 've been start jogging for five years .

C I 've been for five years .

S It is the way I can unwind because my study it 's stressful .

C It is the way I can unwind , my studies .

S It gives me a sense of achievement , for these reasons I would like to do every day .

C It gives me a sense of achievement . For reasons , would like to it every day .

S I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor immersed in nature .

C I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdoors in nature .

S I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .

C I think there are no sides

S I have been really on skiing since I was a baby .

C I have been really into since I was a baby .

S My mother make me start .

C My mother made start .

S Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .

C Since then , year , to to practice .

S I fell relaxed staying alon near montains and snow .

C I fell relaxed being mountains snow .

S Hello Oskar !

C Hello Oskar ,

S Is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .

C There is good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .

S It is called ' The Rose ' and it is at the city centre in front of the station .

C It is called ' The Rose ' and it is in city centre opposite station .

S You will see it when you leave the train .

C You will see it when you get off train .

S It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .

C It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .

S The meals are English kitchen and with some of European plates too .

C The meals are English cuisine with some dishes .

S When I went there the last , it was in my birthday and I went there with my family .

C When I went there , it was on birthday and I went there with my family .

S I am like the people who serves there and the decoration is pretty .

C I the people who serve and the decoration is pretty .

S They cook good meal .

C They cook good meals

S You must try !

C You must try it

S If you go there , tell me what do you think .

C If you go there , tell me what think .

S I am sure you have a fun time .

C I am sure you will a fun time .

S Greetings ,

C Greetings

S Bob

C Bob

S public transport has advantages and disadvantages.i will start with disadvantages .

C Public has advantages and disadvantages . i start with the .

S first public transport is neither comfort nor safe .

C First transport is neither comfortable safe .

S public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .

C Public is very crowded , you may not have a seat . I public transport because was attacked by a . also is not a good mode of . I have my own car soon to avoid transport . Travelling car makes easier and better .

S The advantages may include that it has a low price and may rescue you if your car is not work .

C The advantages might that it has a low price and might you if your car is not working

S I am writing regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted for this reason I am looking for a new service that can help me .

C I am writing with to outsourcing service I am currently having a problem with my accounted For reason , am looking for a new service that can help me .

S Can you say now , if you have this service ?

C Can you say now , if you have this service ?

S If you can have this service may you are the people that I am looking .

C If you do this service , are the people that I am looking for

S I appreciate it could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .

C I would it if I arrange an appointment with you to find out about service .

S Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .

C Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .

S Best regards .

C Best regards .

S Rodrigo Andrade S.

C Rodrigo Andrade S.

S I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?

C I 'm a really sporty . love sports . think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that doing can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?

S I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .

C I think one of my favorite of all is . love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day you were . It to improve every time . Also , it an exercise that helps whole , especially the legs , it gives them great strength , but also your hands , they have to be in movement , and all the body in general , you run and your metabolism is accommodated helps to have coordination .

S I enjoy running a lot because it relax me , I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .

C I enjoy running a lot because it relaxes . let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .

S I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .

C I recommend who want run , do n't feel like you 're improving , going anyway with will see results .

S I am not sure that mines is the best family in the world but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could never wished for .

C I am not sure that mine the best family in the world , I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could ever have for .

S There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .

C There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .

S I am the biggest of the children , than after me is my brother Sidi .

C I am the eldest the children , then me is my brother Sidi .

S Sidi has 24 years old and at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .

C Sidi is years old . And Joni , who is 15 years old .

S Generally I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .

C Generally , miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .

S I used to live with them for 25 years a Genoa but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .

C I used to live with them for 25 years in , last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .

S Thank you for your attention .

C Thank you for your attention .

S This is an introduction for how to make bank notes .

C This is an introduction to to make bank notes .

S The first two step is to design with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .

C The first two step is to design them background color artwork and security features prepare metal plates using machinists .

S Then there are some requirments for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .

C Then there are some requirements printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .

S The most essential and key process is manual inspections for printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially damaged sheets and bad sheets .

C The most essential and key process is manual inspection sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , partially sheets and bad sheets .

S The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .

C The acceptable not severely sheets supposed to be distributed , which means they be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .

S On contrary , other failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with band notes in a secure way .

C In contrast other failed sheets be destroyed and disposed of band notes a secure way .

S Once upon a time a boy was six years old .

C Once upon a time , boy was six years old .

S His name was Michael .

C His name was Michael .

S Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .

C Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .

S He had a lot of animals : Two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eigth ducks and one cat , Lionel .

C He had a lot of animals : two and three puppies , four horses , eight and one cat , Lionel .

S Lionel was a black and white cat , and it was a very funny , fast and sweet aminal .

C Lionel was a black and white cat , and he a very funny , fast and sweet animal

S It was the prefer of Michael .

C It was Michael 's favourite

S Lionel was the best friend of Michael .

C Lionel was Michael 's best friend

S When Lionel was around Michael , the boy was happy .

C When Lionel was around , , the boy , happy .

S One day , Michael got up late , and he had going to school at seven o'clock .

C One day , Michael got up late , and he had to go school at seven o'clock .

S It was Six o'clock and he had hurry if he would not want to get to school late .

C It was six and he had to if he did want to get to school late .

S Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .

C Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .

S Michael was out all day , and Lionel has not anything for eating ....

C Michael was out all day , and Lionel did n't have to

S Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S When I was a little girl I used to play volleyboll and I really liked that .

C When I was a little girl I used to play volleyball I really liked that .

S One day I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .

C One day , had a surprise . a teacher and he invited me to train a huge gym in a team .

S I started to think that was born for that sport .

C I started to think that I born for that sport .

S I worked too hard , but enjoe playing really .

C I worked so , but really enjoyed playing

S Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .

C Suddenly happened needed work to play studies , so changes anyway . needed to stop my favourite sport , because I study at time . more important to .

S Today I do not play volleyboll anymore , but I really enjoy dancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .

C Today I do not play volleyball , but I really enjoy dancing . Now can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .

S The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollar related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .

C The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollars to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .

S The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .

C The hugest gap in 1981 , price was with highest expenditure packs in the whole interval .

S Roughly in 1998 we can notice an equibrium price at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billions of packs .

C In approximately we can notice an equilibrium at $ 2.75 an equilibrium at 23 billion .

S Later both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .

C Later , lines changed their regular trends so there is imbalance again .

S My English is great level and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .

C My English is great speaking is my favourite part of learning English .

S Captain at sports is what I did in high school .

C Captain at sports is what I did in high school .

S I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .

C I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .

S World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .

C The world progressing rapidly . Day day there are transportation , there is technology .

S From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .

C From the beginning of the world till now , mankind wanted income and an way life so he tries more and more to find a solution to problems by creating ways of living easily more conveniently him .

S So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .

C So transportation is of the most important issues facing because it is related to between people , trade many other purposes .

S From this point every human have the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest he will not hesitate to do it .

C From this point human has ability to buy a car and also buy his rest will not hesitate to do it .

S It is claimed thatour lives will improve in the next fifty years .

C It is claimed that our will improve in the next fifty years .

S But we do n't if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but let 's talk about it .

C But we do n't know this change will good or bad . hope it be good , let 's talk about it .

S Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .

C Firstly I like to talk about jobs that these are the most important thing to worry about . If studies get better , we will create more jobs as a result the economic of the country will be better .

S Moreover , our capacity fosr learning more lenguages seems to be really adequate unfourtunatelly while there are a lot of teenagers that are getting prepared really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .

C Moreover , our capacity for more languages to be really adequate . Unfortunately , there are a lot of teenagers that are working hard , there are others that are all the opposite .

S I think it is probable that in some years the tecnology could have improve quite a lote , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .

C I think it is probable that in some years the technology have improved a lot and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .

S Beacuse we were borned in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .

C Because were born ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .

S In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .

C In conclusion I got to say now we do n't have to worry about the future , just have to carry on in the and do best can .

S Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard that you went out with Mike !

C Hi Alex ! are you ? I heard that you are going with Mike !

S It 's a fantastic new !

C That news

S Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's movie because I heard that action movies are your favourites .

C Anyway , I was wondering you wanted go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio s , I heard that action movies are your favourite

S My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .

C My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .

S It talks about a little girl who went adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .

C It is a little girl who was but she is 35 years old in reality .

S It is very creepy !

C It is very creepy !

S Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .

C Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .

S See you soon .

C See you soon .

S Bye

C Bye

S Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .

C Nowadays the public transport system is out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the 1990s , public transport systems were the popular transport across the world because , most not have own vehicles But the 1990s , were able to buy their own vehicle thanks many financial institutions have loan facilities .

S today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .

C Today , people use their own vehicle of public transport . The thing is , it is an and convenient way to travel to any other personal work . , it can be seen that demand for public transport is lower lower

S In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .

C In conclusion , it is true that the demand from public is down rapidly as they their own vehicles .

S however , even though everybody has their own vehicles they will have to use public transport once the roads are full of vehicles .

C However even though everybody has their own vehicles , will have to use public transport because roads are full of vehicles .

S I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .

C I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .

S My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy because I love football players .

C My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy it I love football players .

S I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .

C I had the opportunity to meet about this sport .

S I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream , many ca n't get what they accomplished those players today are very famous

C I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor can fulfill their dream . Many n't get what they accomplished . Those are very famous today

S You can learn with your referee and with coach .

C You can learn with your referee and with a .

S Some people prefer play together but also there competition between players .

C Some people prefer playing , there are also players .

S People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .

C People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .

S I think that this class discussion could n't true .

C I think that this class discussion ca be .

S In the future people 's live had better .

C In the future , 's live will be .

S Providing that we care the environment .

C Providing that we care about environment .

S It 's really important .

C It 's really important .

S If we live well , we will be more carefully with world .

C If we live well , we will be more careful the .

S Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .

C Otherwise wants better future

S Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .

C Nowadays , are a lot of things that we do to make

S In order that if I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .

C If were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .

S I 'm looking forward so people will have more interesting by this case .

C I 'm looking forward to having interest case .

S For instance , my family do n't think that will happened in the next 10 years .

C For instance , my family do n't think that will happen the next 10 years .

S They live at the moment .

C They live in moment .

S Besides they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .

C Besides , say time ' Carpe diem ' .

S This is other opinion .

C This is another .

S I 'm Emad from Egypt .

C I 'm Emad from Egypt .

S my family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and tow brothers .

C My consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and two .

S my father is a business man .

C My is a businessman

S he is 65 years old .

C He 65 years old .

S he works in real state investment .

C He in real state investment .

S my mother is a teacher .

C My is a teacher .

S she is 50 years old .

C She 50 years old .

S she is working in primary school .

C She a school .

S my older brother is 30 years old and he is working as accountant for radio and television union in Cairo .

C My brother is 30 years old and he is working as an for a and television union in Cairo .

S the younger brother is 25 years old .

C The brother is 25 years old .

S he is a dentist .

C He a dentist .

S he is doing master in turkey these days .

C He doing a 's Turkey the moment

S the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .

C The member is me . 'm an in Qatar .

S I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .

C I love my family , everybody is or in a place or country .

S the best brother for me is the second one who is a dentist .

C The brother for me is the second one , is a dentist .

S he is my best friend and brother .

C He my best friend and brother .

S I hope if I can living with him in the same place .

C I hope can live him in the same place .

S he is very helpful and collaborator .

C He very helpful and collaborator .

S we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .

C We fun time at beginning of our lives , we were kids .

S I really love my mother and father .

C I really love my mother and father .

S they spent their life helping us to be good men .

C They their lives us to be good men .

S my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .

C My brother helped us with , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relationship us is n't close

S Anyway i 'm very happy to write for you .

C Anyway , happy to write for you .

S This assertive is totally false .

C This assertion totally false .

S The expansion of public transport is one of the keys saving the planet , especially if the energy source used come from clean sources .

C The expansion of public transport is one of the keys to the planet , especially if the energy source used comes clean sources .

S Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .

C Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research cars are used , often carrying a small number of people a time , which it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted environment each time engine is started .

S Lady decided to visit her boyfriend .

C A lady to visit her boyfriend .

S But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .

C But her and did n't he 's of city that , to train .

S She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .

C She packed suitcase . After , she to the station .

S In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , they make all kinds of serious mistakes .

C think that the increase in crime is because their parents do not set on , and do pay attention , so make all kinds of serious mistakes .

S From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .

C From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .

S Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .

C Another good option is to them a difficult job them busy every day But do n't know what kind of job it , because a person who commits crime is n't going to do something to help society , community .

S I felt nervous when the phone rang .

C I felt nervous when the phone rang .

S I was sitting calmly ina cafe , when I heard it ringing .

C I was sitting calmly in a , when I heard it ringing .

S Firstly I thought

C At first thought

S it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .

C it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .

S But I saw unknown phone number on a display and felt a little bit nervous .

C But I saw an phone number on the and felt a little bit nervous .

S What if it were my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened to my job .

C What if it was boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at work

S It went on ringing and with great fear I clicked on the green button .

C It went on ringing and , great fear , clicked on the green button .

S Luckily it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of fresh coffee with me .

C Luckily , was my colleague Jane , wanted to drink a cup fresh coffee with me .

S The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .

C The flowchart an overview of the steps for bank notes . It bank notes are manufactured design a we can use

S This process involves five main stages .

C This process involves five main stages .

S First , it should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .

C First , take some considerations in , including background colour , artwork , security issues .

S Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates .

C Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates

S Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example the colour printed on both sides , Special ink is used and imges slightly raised .

C Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes ( 50 notes per sheet ) . Subsequently the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example , colour printed on both sides , special is used and images are raised .

S After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .

C After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .

S According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .

C Depending quality of sheets , there be two results . If quality is good or the bank note partially damaged but be used , it will be into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while sheets will be securely destroyed .

S This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .

C This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .

S My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .

C My height about 5.2 my color is dark brown , my colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a shirt . I will be arriving 20 past .

S Describe a supermarket near your home

C Describe a supermarket near your home

S There are not very big Supermarket near my home but there is a nice one .

C There are no big supermarkets my home , there is a nice one .

S It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .

C It is situated on road home .

S The space is about 100 m^2 and it has different automatic doors for inter and exit .

C The space is about 100 m^2 and it has doors for entry exit .

S Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .

C Near to the entry , questions .

S There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .

C There are some big shelves in the of the divided into for different of goods , dried , nuts , flour , condiments beans , grains , rice , etc .

S Also a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .

C Also , section for detergents tissues perfumes , etc .

S You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream Also chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .

C You can see some store fridges the supermarket drinks dairy milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . , freezers for ice . In , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need

S There is a cashier next to exit door and you can pay by credit card or cash .

C There is a cashier next to the you can pay by credit card or cash .

S when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?

C When talk with someone , ever think words before you say them

S a lot of us never think before they speak and that is not good thing to do .

C A of us never think before we and that is not good

S you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .

C You think a little bit before you speak one word can lot of pain for others for the rest of . you not actually notice that , you will feel what I if someone says words .

S it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticing .

C It clear that everyone is prone making mistake without even noticing .

S for example a kid named Michael .

C For , kid named Michael .

S Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?

C Michael is a good boy and he always listens his mother . on , was very angry because got a bad score in his test . when got , mother was cooking and asked him what was

S he said bad words that he will regret saying these words .he went to his room .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C He bad words that he would saying he to his room . Michael the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Dear friend ,

C Dear friend ,

S It was great to hear from you again .

C It was great to hear from you again .

S In your last email you told me about your lack of time of enjoying your hobbies .

C In your last email you told me about your lack of time for your hobbies .

S I can understand how difficult this decision must be .

C I can understand how difficult this decision must be .

S However , if I were you , I would do what I have always want .

C However , if I were you , I would do what I have always wanted

S And I know which matter you 've always been interested : music .

C And I know which subject 've always been interested in music .

S I remember when you told me once you was playing a violin for four hours .

C I remember when you told me once you were a violin for four hours .

S So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .

C So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .

S Anyway , you could always do any sport in your extra - free time .

C Anyway , you could always do some in your extra - free time .

S As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .

C As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .

S Tell me what you decide .

C Tell me what you decide .

S Love ,

C Love ,

S Anabel

C Anabel

S I do n't like the public transport of school .

C I do n't like transport

S It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .

C It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .

S I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .

C I prefer travelling a or by .

S In my family travel in the taxi , because the taxi is fast and secure .

C In my family , we in a , because a is fast and secure .

S Today I felt bad in the public transport .

C Today I felt bad in transport .

S It was solwly .

C It was slow

S Also i can see the air pollution is tallest .

C Also , see the air pollution is tallest

S Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .

C Comparing the car is more than the , because the car is comfortable and faster .

S The taxi so it is .

C The taxi is too

S In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers but they get out earliest .

C In the morning , I go to by with my brothers , they get up .

S I prefer travel in the car .

C I prefer travelling the car .

S once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .

C Once a , was a little man called Michael . That had of a little child and the courage a man .

S he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .

C He a girlfriend called Sinha , was a girl with a big heart but , , one .

S one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .

C One , decided to throw surprise party for make her happy and make her his love more , he arranged everything and , keep it a for , was busy all the time and did not show off as usual . That and she Michael did love her any more and had met girl , she became sad , it got even when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give the surprise he did not answer his phone after that .

S when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake

C When came started and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That at she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , he told her that he could stand that anymore , would break up with her , he left . Michael door and knew at that he had made a mistake .

S There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell there .

C There 's no question is my favourite restaurant in town : Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , have last farewell dinner .

S Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .

C Our class has changed the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We always been welcoming and not towards the new ones .

S It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .

C It 's not necessary be nice and kind everyone , our class actually is . weekends , whole class gather together at different events

S I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .

C I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .

S What I just told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .

C What I just said what the restaurant , , to me . Welcoming .

S Fellowship .

C Fellowship .

S At the Seaside 's you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .

C At the Seaside , are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep they accept you whoever you are .

S This makes th

C This makes the

S It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the race of Fine Arts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :

C It all started at Parson Institute in the art history class Students the race Fine Arts . In class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned task to his students , saying :

S -To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .

C -To begin , I want to be sure you the meaning of art , so want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and this will to me what is

S His excited students began coming to their homes with such work , since they had only 4 days to perform their duties .

C His excited students began going their homes with this , since they had only 4 days to fulfil task

S After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :

C After 4 days , they came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from . Her was Sandra . She with a piece of crumpled paper , she only a name a different style of , only there reflected , exposing the moment laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :

S Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .

C Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at work of his classmate I see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and that each person is a different world and everyone is art .

S A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and out of the room , closed the door and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .

C A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , went of the room , closing door , Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .

S In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .

C In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .

S my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .

C My sport me greatly . I 'm kung - fu fighter

S this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .

C This is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving sport , lately , hate , so I think a lot sport , it is dominated to .

S it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .

C It me like animal when i 'm standing and getting to fight . converted the . I 'm fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries stop me .

S so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .

C So I really about sport .

S Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .

C Everyday I up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . exercise and more improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a of sport , , I to put my efforts best the world . Finally did not have the my family or my teachers .

S Hello to every body ! !

C Hello to everybody !

S Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits o learning another language .

C Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits of another language .

S I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish

C I am from Spain , my native is Spanish .

S I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .

C I started study another language when I was a child . started learning English , everyone that English was language of the future When finished , tried to study French but it was too for me .

S I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .

C I have to say that studying language gives more opportunities , days you need to know languages find job be more intelligent your colleagues get work and that 's great .

S And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .

C And today it necessary , if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations them , need to know than your native , because in the rest of the world , particularly in Europe , know than two languages that 's .

S I think learning other language never have drawbacks because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .

C I think learning another never has , all you learn is good for you and your brain You stop learning things .

S These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .

C These days , most comfortable travelling and so believe that public transport is not going to continue long

S However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .

C However , do not agree with them , in most parts the world mass transport systems popular and they are environmentally and cost - .

S Firstly , Public bus service is very popular in most part of the world .

C Firstly , public services popular in most parts the world .

S In most part of the Europe , people still prefer public bus instead of car to travel .

C In most parts , people still prefer public buses of cars

S Secondly , public transport are environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicle .

C Secondly , public transport is sound in comparison to private vehicles

S It carries more people while private vehicle carries fewer people .

C It carries more people , a vehicle carries fewer people .

S Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .

C Public buses cars from .

S Finally , Public transport 's cost efficient .

C Finally , public is - .

S People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel same destination by private vehicle .

C People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel to the destination by private vehicle .

S In conclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .

C In conclusion , although the is convenient for it is not enough to being an end to transportation .

S In the towns of the future , the care of the environment is one of the most important thing .

C In the towns of the future , for environment will be of the most important things

S People have conciencied themselves that we need to respect the nature and the human places where we live .

C People have conciencied that they to respect and the where we live .

S Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time and now , the earth is in danger .

C Human beings have destroyed our environment over now earth is in danger .

S First place we need to care about is our near place , the town .

C The first we need to care about is our near place the town .

S I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash throwing it in different bags .

C I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash , it away different bags .

S I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional car .

C I have recently bought an electric car as a traditional car .

S An electric car is less harmful for the environment .

C An electric car is less harmful to environment .

S When I go out to the camp , if I lunch there , I take care of cleaning the ground .

C When I go out to the countryside if I lunch there , I take care to ground .

S I like nor the dirty people neither the dirty places .

C I like neither nor .

S I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .

C In the future , I hope to live a clean town and I 'm sure that are now thinking way . We need to take of our town because nobody likes live dump .

S Military service is the military training which needs people have to join army or voluntary for a period of time .

C Military service is training which means have to join the or voluntary service a period of time .

S In Korean , people should completed military service at least 2 years .

C In Korea people have to service for least 2 years .

S Similarly , people have to join it 1 year in Taiwan .

C Similarly , people have to do for year in Taiwan .

S It is a debate that should everyone have to complete military service when they reach 18 years old .

C There about whether should to do service when they reach 18 years old .

S With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .

C With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes mature whilst opponents claim that service has on people 's people have freedom of choice .

S Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .

C Firstly , every country and be protected by forces for national security .

S If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .

C If a or other danger safety of a can not get help from other countries immediately .

S Therefore , people accept military service could be easier to protect their country .

C Therefore , people accept that service could be an way protect their country .

S Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .

C In particular , countries with small populations a that need to service develop into a powerful country .

S Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .

C Secondly , it is for people to mature they complete service , which probably is a particular experience at years old .

S In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .

C In addition to having physical training and getting special skills , people also can improve their qualities service .

S Consequently , people could be more independent and strong , they seems to earlier become mature than other people who do not completed military service .

C Consequently , people could be more independent and strong . They become mature earlier other people who do not do service .

S In contrast , opponents of military service point out that study is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .

C In contrast , opponents of military service point out that education the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .

S Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .

C Military service mainly improves fitness , but be completed better in school at that because it has a teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it to concentrate on learning knowledge .

S For instance , some countries allowed people join military service after their all courses was finished .

C For instance , some countries allow to do service after all their have .

S Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people have freedom of choice for military service .

C Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people to freedom of choice about service .

S Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .

C Some are to service , while some volunteer and enjoy it .

S Furthermore , it also can respect for right s of people , especially for women who do not can adapt the hard training .

C Furthermore , it also can respect people , especially who are not able to to hard training .

S In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people improve themselves .

C In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people to themselves .

S The best course of action would be government attempt to allow people volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .

C The best course of action would be for to to allow people to they have their studies .

S dear .

C Dear

S lou

C Lou

S This is danbi from ueecx13

C This is Danbi ueecx13 .

S By your favor , I can study at UNSW from the next year .

C By your favor I can study at UNSW from year .

S I really appreciate your encouraging us for every time in class .

C I really appreciate your encouraging us time in class .

S Best wishes for a beautiful holiday season and a very happy new year .

C Best wishes for a wonderful season and a very happy new year .

S I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .

C I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .

S This city do n't have a lot of citizen but It 's a travel city .

C This city does have a lot of citizens it a tourist .

S So in the street always have a lot of trash cans .

C So in the streets we have a lot of trash cans .

S It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .

C It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .

S In our city have a billboard to urge people to have attention to environment .

C In our city , we a billboard to urge people to pay to the .

S In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .

C In the schools , we up a workshop to tell how the is our lives

S The citizen of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city green - clean - beautiful " .

C The citizens the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city is - clean - beautiful " .

S So they have aware to keep the city reach that .

C So they are of the need help city achieve .

S So everyone bring the trash to the place permission .

C So everyone brings trash to the place permission

S Every year have " earth hour " .

C Every year we " earth hour " .

S In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect environment .

C In this hour , many people turn off the lights their house to save energy and protect the .

S I am very proud about the awareness from my city people .

C I am very proud of awareness of city 's .

S I wish have a lot of people around the world see the important of environment .

C I wish lot of people around the world could the importance the .

S And they have act to protect it .

C And they have to to protect it .

S I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .

C I was in a museum in York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I heared museum alarm Everyone afraid , me .

S The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .

C The police were a stole a painting , but he escaped instantly

S The police let all the people go .

C The police let all the people go .

S I went to my apartment and turn on my TV and I watch in the news that the bandit escaped with 3 paintings .

C I went to my apartment and turned my TV and I saw news that the bandit had with 3 paintings .

S I decided to solve the case .

C I decided to solve the case .

S I went to the museum and follow all the tracks that I found were a broken sculpture .

C I went to the museum and followed the clues found broken sculpture .

S I search for any clue and I found something , it was a piece of paper with an address on it .

C I search for any clues I found something . It a piece of paper with an address on it .

S I follow the address and when I get there it appears to be an abandon house .

C I went to address and when I got it appeared be an abandoned .

S I decided to wait , and hide on the bushes if I see someone entering .

C I decided to wait hide in bushes if I saw entering .

S In the night I see a shadow entering the house .

C In the night , saw shadow entering the house .

S I carefully approached the window of the house and I see two men with the paintings .

C I carefully approached the window of the house and I saw men with the paintings .

S They left the house on a truck .

C They left the house in truck .

S I follow them in a taxi .

C I followed in a taxi .

S We were on the terminal of New York it was a very famous landmark .

C We were at terminal New York . It a very famous landmark .

S There were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .

C There were a lot of commuters on the terminal I lost the two men .

S I located the instantly because I recognize their hats .

C I located them because I recognized hats .

S I was focal to them .

C I was focal to .

S They threaten all the people cruelly so all the sightseers were angry with them .

C They threatened the people cruelly , all the sightseers were angry with them .

S However the modernization of the terminal was unknown to me so I was completely lost .

C However , layout the terminal unknown to me , I was completely lost .

S We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .

C We got a train . The comfortable but everyone was complaining two men .

S When we arrived we were on the other side of the city of New York the features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because would attract more tourists .

C When we arrived , were on the other side of the city of New York . The were so common it was a good economic conveniently it attract more tourists .

S I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .

C I finally trapped . were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . told police and the police put them in .

S And the paintings were on the museum again .

C And the paintings are museum again .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethig immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something .

S Today is a very important day for the sake of his future .

C Today is a very important day for future .

S The watch shown the time is 9.30am and 2 hours left before he go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .

C The watch showed time was and there were hours left before he must to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .

S He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .

C He had interview to so that he could his dream of Ireland .

S He went to the station bus to ride on bus .

C He went to the bus station catch

S He took a few minutes for walking to the station bus from his house .

C He took a few minutes to the bus station his house .

S After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .

C After the bus arrived , got and half an hour later arrived at destination .

S When he took a few steps from the bus he saw a very tall building that the interview places located .

C When he took a few steps from the bus he saw the tall building where interview place was .

S After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .

C After waiting for hour , time came , , a confidence , walked office .

S Suddenly his water floaded and tears drop from his eyes .

C Suddenly , water floaded tears dropped his eyes .

S The interviewer who is sitting infront of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loves .

C The interviewer who was in front him was a person with blue eyes that he really loved

S The situation suddenly changed .

C The situation suddenly changed .

S Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .

C Peter , hesitating , the interviewer , was man about 40 old .

S The man who is crying together with him was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .

C The man , was together with him , his father who his mom because they had divorced years ago .

S Then the interview became a meeting between father and a son that really touched .

C Then the interview became a meeting between a and a son that was touching

S Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q

C Kill birds with one is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , he got his beloved father back and can still his dream of Ireland .

S hello ,

C Hello

S i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen

C I the job at summer camp . will look between 8 - 12 years old . help to organise sports and evening activities and , you want , work in the kitchen .

S if i have the job write soon

C if i have the job write soon

S victoria

C Victoria

S Hello ! I am begin to study technical English .

C Hello ! I am beginning study technical English .

S I need this course for my new job .

C I need this course for my new job .

S I want to this course , it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .

C I want to do course , because will help to enlarge my vocabulary .

S And I need your help with this .

C And I need your help with this .

S Would you like to improve this course with me ?

C Would you like to do course with me ?

S Please , writes me a list with the words when I need for technical konversation .

C Please , write a list with the words that need for technical conversation

S Thank you very much .

C Thank you very much .

S Dear Teacher Mary

C Dear Teacher Mary

S I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " this is a very good restaurant .

C I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " . It a very good restaurant .

S first the restaurant have wide variety in his food .

C First , restaurant has a variety of

S The chef can make the menu of the day to the dinner or you can choose a special menu .

C The chef can make the menu of the day for you can choose from special menu .

S The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert chocolate cake with cheese .

C The purpose of the chef soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert is cake with cheese .

S the atmosphere is also very good has music in live with different bands .

C The is also very good . It live music different bands .

S you can choose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .

C you can choose from rock or pop bands one DJ

S the cost is accessible .

C The is reasonable

S The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .

C The pack cost of $ 350 per .

S Can a TV programme get to entertain and educate at the same time ?

C Can a TV programme and educate at the same time ?

S Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .

C Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .

S People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .

C People complain how the information in TV shows does contribute to process of learning . That why many of these are considered trash , because of the multiple such as reality shows talk shows , or showbiz hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .

S A good example of this shows are how people are paid to act in realities or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , where the only aim is to get more audience .

C A good example of these are how people are paid to act in reality talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious family , where the only aim is to get a bigger .

S Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .

C Another good example are the endless showbiz have recently . This of program is one the information is often gossip about the lives famous singers and actors without taking into account are true or not .

S It 's a pity to know that exist just a few programs that try to educate people with the most update information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help to acquire more knowledge .

C It 's a pity to know that only a few programs exist try to educate people with the most up - to - date through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help us acquire more knowledge .

S Knowledge that sometimes are unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .

C Knowledge that sometimes is even though it is part of the general culture or proper the history of our country .

S I think in the future do n't exist public transport because we will drive their car .

C I think in the future public transport wo n't exist we will drive our own .

S When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...

C When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go and a specific , on bus , go to the bus stop and not your house or school , work ...

S It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .

C It is better for people to more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , , began haven't got work but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who . This bacame do make more work for others .

S No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .

C Not good . Some haven't got money and n't go to another place the pollution is increasing It a serious problem and the solution is only for people . The is buying electric car . The solution , more economical is for government to to the people buy an electric car .

S I do n't know what is better no public transport or public transport .

C I do n't know what is better ; public transport , public transport .

S There is no future for public transport since everybody prefer to use their own car .

C There is no future for public transport , everybody prefers use their own car .

S now time is valuable for every body nobody bothered about money .

C Time valuable for everybody and is about money .

S traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach office on time .

C The is very heavy , it will be difficult to reach your on time .

S public transport is always crowded so it is not comfort to travel

C Public is always crowded , it is not comfortable travel on .

S Find your joy in scary movie

C Find your joy in " Scary Movie "

S I would ignore thriller films due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .

C I used to thrillers to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .

S The film is entitled " Scary Movie " which is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .

C The film is entitled " Scary Movie " and by Keenen Ivory Wayans .

S This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .

C This story is murderer completes : killed everyone that he hated .

S At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .

C In the end only one person could be alive , though sacrificed to escape this horrible result .

S This is a combined story of horror and comedy .

C This is a story of horror and comedy combined

S I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret if you miss this film .

C I can not find a word to describe this film easily . What I say is you will it you miss this film .

S This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .

C The reason is that the show talent in this film directly the can follow their steps and the story certainly This element gives the film .

S Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .

C Besides , the attractive storyline lot of climax that everyone can watch film from the beginning to the end and this billion box office to film .

S However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .

C However , I think the props be improved , such as the 's knife and the ' costumes The looks brittle as a handicraft and believe those are second - hand I think this is a pity in movie .

S At last , your bravery can be improved after watching this film .

C Finally your bravery can be increased watching this film .

S What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !

C What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !

S Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have my wife and a little child .

C Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have a and a little child .

S My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , she is a beautiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is very handsome and fun child .

C My wife 's name is Maritza . She 30 years old . She a beautiful and joyful woman . My 's name is Rafi . He 3 years old . He a handsome and fun child .

S My wife likes to go outside when she is free , she likes to visit touristic places .

C My wife likes to go out she is free . She to visit touristic places .

S My son likes playing sports , he is very little but he plays football , she is a very active child .

C My son likes playing sports . He very little but he plays football . a very active child .

S I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .

C I 'm studying . This is very although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there is lot of information .

S This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .

C This major involves everything always to consider all the to complete , you have to know the maximum information to able to .

S When you got the answer or solution you can see that all effort worthwhile .

C When you get answer or solution , can see that all the was .

S Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .

C Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching about teamwork so it 's common that one / two people do all the ... with this I want to say , it rewarding when our teacher asks and we the answer because we able to the whole .

S I have experience to go to the hospital and was too interesting .

C I have experience of the hospital and it very .

S I deal with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeon .

C I dealt medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeons

S I only could oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know how was a surgery .

C I could only what they do to obtain visual experience and know what was like

S How learning English

C How to learn

S It 's proven that to learn a foreign lengueage you have to go abroad .

C It 's proven that to learn a foreign language , have to go abroad .

S You can study hard for years , but if you arent't obligated to use English for things of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .

C You can study hard for years , but if you are n't to use English for everyday things you wo n't become at it .

S There are n't other options .

C There are n't other options .

S Of course , also studyng in a foreign country has disadvantages .

C Of course , studying in a foreign country also disadvantages .

S First , it costs a lot .

C First , it costs a lot .

S Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .

C Even though are lots of different possibilities and scholarships not everybody afford

S Living abroad , even though for a short time , it could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .

C Living abroad , even a short time , be very stressful and people can feel homesick .

S Despite that , there are more reasons to go studyng away .

C Despite that , there are more reasons to study

S It is a very useful experience in many ways .

C It is a very useful experience in many ways .

S You will learn better and faster than studying at home .

C You will learn better and faster than studying at home .

S In addition , visit new countries and meet new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .

C In addition , visiting countries and meeting cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .

S I did several school trips in the past years and I 'm going to do it again sure .

C I have done school trips in the past few and I 'm going to do it again for .

S Hi Patty ,

C Hi Patty ,

S My name is Lucia Pérez .

C My name is Lucia Pérez .

S I am 14 eayrs old .

C I am 14 years .

S I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .

C I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .

S I like going to the cinema to watch movies .

C I like going to the cinema to watch movies .

S I like travelling with my family and friends , I like travelling because I can meet new people , places and cultures .

C I like travelling with my family and friends . like travelling because I can get to know people , places and cultures .

S I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can comunicated all over the world .

C I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can communicate over the world .

S I love my cousin 's house so I always visit him .

C I love my cousin 's house , I always visit him .

S He is 16 .

C He is 16 .

S He is in 5º. He is going to Clara Jackson High school .

C He is in 5º. He goes Clara Jackson High school .

S He lives in prado so I have to take tow buses and that is very tiring .

C He lives in Prado I have to take two and that is very tiring .

S The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .

C The names my best Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We strange . We 6º together and that 's when became .

S My name is Facundo Mendoza .

C My name is Facundo Mendoza .

S I 'm fifteen years old .

C I 'm fifteen years old .

S I live in La paz , in a house with my mother and my father .

C I live in La Paz in a house with my mother and my father .

S I have two pets , a dog and a bird .

C I have two pets ; dog and a bird .

S I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .

C I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .

S My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .

C My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .

S My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .

C My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .

S My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .

C My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .

S I play online with any people from the world .

C I play online with from all over world .

S I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .

C I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .

S Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .

C Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .

S I prefer playing football to basketball .

C I prefer playing football to playing .

S I play basketball in the school .

C I play basketball at

S I was born in 1996 on the 31 of January .

C I was born in 1996 on the 31st January .

S carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .

C Carbohydrates essential for a healthy diet .

S It provides energy for our bodies .

C They for our bodies .

S Nutritionists recommend the quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .

C Nutritionists recommend a of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .

S When your body takes an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .

C When your body takes in insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .

S And this will cause diseases on the long run .

C And this will cause diseases in long run .

S Dear reader ,

C Dear reader ,

S My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .

C My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .

S I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .

C I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .

S Nowadays , I am studying a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .

C Nowadays , I am studying for degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .

S I am applaying for the job vacant in the summer camp .

C I am applying the vacancy the summer camp .

S I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .

C I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .

S Last year I was working every friday and sunday at a ski camp in la masella .

C Last year I was working every Friday Sunday a ski camp in la Masella

S Also this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .

C Also , I to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .

S Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture but also for home appliance .

C Now our company is going to do multidimensional operations not just focus on furniture , also on appliances

S In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment

C In addition , we will adjust the 's management structure each department depending the 's reaction and the .

S Like retailer ,

C Like retailer ,

S We have sold our products to KA system for few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .

C We have sold our products to the system for a years . However the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods . It cheat we no entry for other suppliers

S In addition , it is hard to collect money from KA system .

C In addition , it is hard to collect money from the system .

S And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily to avoid the price competition .

C And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily competition .

S To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .

C To make high obstacle , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .

S We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high quality products .

C We will research market demand based on our core products , and high - products .

S For the factories , because Chinese demographic dividend are not like before anymore , the low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .

C For the factories , because the demographic dividends not like before anymore , price and undiversified products should become verity premium goods .

S Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products

C Focus on user experience , inventive unique our core products

S Therefore , we are reforming and doing high - tech items , likes LED , photoelectric , vacuum , steam mop , etc .

C Therefore , we are reforming and making - tech items , likes LEDs photoelectric , vacuums steam mops etc .

S Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air cleaner , iron , etc .

C Use this core technology to develop blow machine air purifiers irons etc .

S Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy , auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .

C Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .

S Also for our wire rack , plastic

C Also , our wire racks plastic

S products .

C products .

S And still working hard to build our own brand .

C And still working hard to build our own brand .

S Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .

C Nowadays , people have a lot of fear the

S All governments increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .

C All governments are their policies and relating to topic and they also rules in the daily life of the population .

S One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .

C One of the new rules for reduction of pollution the cities is transport

S According to the general world laws about the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .

C According to general world laws about warming each country has considered its owns arguments about it .

S I can give us an example how big cities around the world can reduce more contamination .

C I can give as example how big cities around the world can reduce pollution more

S London is a good example and Barcelona too .

C London is a good example , Barcelona , .

S These cities do n't allow to drive in the centre city , the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .

C These cities do n't allow people drive in the city centre and industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature

S My city is a good example , too .

C My city is a good example , too .

S The town major has offered to population free bus .

C The town mayor given a bus .

S It 's a good idea to remove the traffic jam .

C It 's a good idea to remove jams

S I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also to catch more often the public transport .

C I think , in conclusion , all people should have behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also should more often

S My country is the best country in the world .

C My country is the best country in the world .

S I love it so much .

C I love it so much .

S We have different cultures here , and two main languages , Arabic and Amazigh .

C We have different cultures here , and two main languages ; and Amazigh .

S Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .

C Morocco is a kingdom like Spain and England . have a and princes .

S My day in London !

C My day in London !

S I went to London in the summer .

C I went to London in the summer .

S I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .

C I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .

S On Monday me and my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .

C On Monday , and my friend Chrissy went to Ben .

S we wnet to the Trocadero .

C we went the Trocadero .

S But the best was the Guarda from Bukingham Palace .

C But the best was the Guards Palace .

S chrissy made a funny face but the Guards did n't say anything .

C Chrissy a funny face but the guards n't say anything .

S We had very , very good weather .

C We had very , very good weather .

S It was fantastic .

C It was fantastic .

S The temperatures was over 20 degrees .

C The temperature over 20 degrees .

S We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car abd boat .

C We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car and .

S After we came back I told my family everything .

C After we came back , told my family everything .

S Environmental changes really need in the current situation .

C Environmental changes are needed the current situation .

S People contribuation is very important in this matter .

C People contribution very important in this matter .

S The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .

C The report explains how my town 's take of their preserve this planet in a better way

S Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .

C Firstly , hybrid are allowed to be weekends . As a of this , people do use all .

S This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .

C This attitude has the of smoke pollution from exhaust .

S Government policy changes help a lot for water preservation .

C Government policy changes help a lot with preservation .

S Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .

C Many factories are regulations and not draining the harmful waste water .

S Secondly , Closed trash bins provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .

C Secondly , closed bins are for people in order to collect the waste and recycling .

S People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing away .

C People come forward and utilise instead of throwing rubbish .

S As a result of this town looks clean compare to previous decades .

C As a result of this , the looks clean compared previous decades .

S In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .

C In addition that , waste is sold the money is to the .

S This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using right way to dispose their waste .

C This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using the way to dispose of waste .

S Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .

C Thirdly , public have opened for the public to eliminate the urinating in places .

S Town council not only encourage people to planting or garndening , it subsidise money for their green improvements .

C Town council not only encourage people to plant trees gardens it subsidises improvements .

S Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand pesticides .

C Example , free fertilizers , water pumps ,

S Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .

C In , people take initiatives forward to have a and attractive and

S My favorite sport is football .

C My favorite sport is football .

S This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .

C This is an because in all parts of world there are people they play it

S football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .

C Football a famous . You watch on TV you see it live . There lot of level categories , the most famous the first .

S people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .

C People in this category famous can see them on TV . If want to be a big football player , must more time and your should healthy .

S you must to care your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .

C You about food and your so that have a healthy body .

S this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .

C This is the best in world and the most famous that it the most enjoyed .

S Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate on competitions .

C Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate in .

S If you want to start practicing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .

C If you want to start doing sport , you should be prepared to work hard .

S This is a story from a country where there were no cats .

C This is a story about country where there were no cats .

S One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .

C One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .

S She gave the King an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .

C She gave the king adorable kitten which she had brought with her .

S Goodbye letter

C Goodbye letter

S Dear Ms Cumings ,

C Dear Ms Cumings ,

S How are you ? I am fine ,

C How are you ? I am fine

S I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon , I do n't really want you to leave this school !

C I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon . really do n't you to leave this school !

S Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !

C Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many our like you too ! We that you are going to teach at - bay primary school . My results since taught me . really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you . hope you that you will come back sometimes

S Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9

C Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9

S The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool .

C The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an English resort from 2012 to 2014 . They , , ice - cream van and an indoor public swimming .

S As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .

C As the graph indicates , the sales at the - cream van were higher those the swimming pool

S For the ice - cream van , it saled most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reached 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .

C In the case of ice - cream van , it sold in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reaching dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .

S In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak at the third season , then it gradually slide back to the year 's bottom .

C Every , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak in third season , then they slid to the year 's bottom .

S Each year was nearly the same .

C Each year was nearly the same .

S For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each season .

C In the case of the swimming pool its sales did n't have large changes , it sold 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth season .

S It usually saled most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slided to the bottom in Jul - Sep .

C It usually sold in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slid the bottom in Jul - Sep .

S In general , its sales were falling with the time went by .

C In general , its sales were falling as by .

S There was a nice spring morning .

C It a nice spring morning .

S Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .

C Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .

S She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breast , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and red little handbag and went to the door .

C She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist her beautiful little breasts put right her colourful light - minded , took her orange scarf and little red and went to the door .

S He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .

C He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .

S When she said good - bye , he just nodded .

C When she said good - bye , he just nodded .

S When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .

C When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes , turned away and stared at the landscape outside .

S When she made step out , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C When she left Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Nowadays we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .

C Nowadays , constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle

S Society depends on them .

C Society depends on them .

S We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .

C We are used to travelling car , and , fact , has one .

S Despite , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .

C Despite this travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .

S Certainly cities will be crowded in the future because population is always increasing .

C Certainly , will be crowded in the future because the is always increasing .

S Using your own car to go to the citycentre could be a nightmare , it would be a stressful waste of time .

C Using your own car to go to the city centre be a nightmare . It be a stressful waste of time .

S Ubearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .

C Unbearable jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .

S Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it likely will be as expensive that most people not be able to afford a car .

C Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it is it be so that most people will be able to afford a car .

S In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives as bus , train or even plane for long distances .

C In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives like trains even planes long distances .

S In other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling by his vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .

C On the hand , many drivers enjoy travelling in own because they like to drive and they feel free .

S Finally goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .

C Finally , society are concerned about the environment and I think they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emissions

S From my point of view public transport will not disappear even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .

C In my opinion , transport will not disappear , if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .

S Time is precious .

C Time is precious .

S Every one ca n't deny that time is a big factor in our life .

C No can that time is a big factor in our lives

S The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time

C Life up of time . We through time , we grow with time

S till Now , we talk in time and finally , we perish after time .

C till Now we talk in time and , , we perish after time .

S World change by time .

C The world changed time .

S Time never stops and does n't wait anyone .

C Time never stops and does n't wait for .

S We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countries in using the best use of time .

C We must value time . I hope my country is developed country making best use of time .

S once moment lost is lost for ever .

C Once is , lost for ever .

S it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .

C It never be regained . Even most powerful have been helpless to prevent .

S So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .

C So we be aware importance of time . I not to it and to use of it opportunity for rising Those waste it , will be left and they will fail to make a mark in their life .

S The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .

C The great men and successful guys became famous rose through use of . They and a of inspiration for a new generation .

S So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .

C So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping or against , popular saying right do n't put off work of this day to the next day " because our work accumulate . Then will harder finish it . To the use of time in our lives we need to be punctual . Punctuality and trouble Finally scientists have another vision of . They discovered time is the fourth through , exchange concepts in science .

S I ca n't say expect that time more important in our life and we need to save it .

C I ca n't say I time will be important in our lives we need to save .

S My town is very small .

C My town is very small .

S His name is Santa Marta and he is near Trujillo .

C Its is Santa Marta and it near Trujillo .

S In my town , we can see a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .

C In my town , we have big swimming pool , five parks , four bares one state school .

S in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .

C In town , are a lot of old people , and there are not , because they live other cities .

S I love my town , because when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .

C I love my town , I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .

S my best friend live in madrid , but We always were together in her house or in my house 's grandparents .

C My friend lives Madrid but we used to be in her house or in my grandparents ' house

S I have been very happy , and today I am happy there .

C I have been very happy , and today I am happy here

S Dear Amanda :

C Dear Amanda :

S How are you ? I am fine .

C How are you ? I am fine .

S I miss you so much . how are your baby ?

C I miss you so much . How baby ?

S I could go to madrid .

C I could come Madrid

S You and me can see us .

C You and I each other

S Next month , I going to go to our town .

C Next month , I am to come our town .

S You be able to go ?

C Will you able to go ?

S Will is fantastic !

C It will !

S I hope to see you quick .

C I hope to see you soon

S Our friends always ask me for you and your family .

C Our friends always ask and your family .

S oh ! my brother , David , going to marry ! Sorprise !

C Oh My , David , is to get Surprise

S I wish that you be able to go to the wedding .

C I hope you will able to come the wedding .

S my boyfriend and me have a present for your small baby , Nick .

C My and I a present for your little , Nick .

S I love so much , my dear friend .

C I love you much , my dear friend .

S The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed .

C The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad sheets notes are disposed of

S To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .

C To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors background colour , the artwork and the security issues .

S Sencondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .

C Secondly , equipment as machinists and have to prepared the next steps .

S Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .

C Thirdly , they the sheets of bank notes ( 50 notes per sheet ) with ink , where colour is considered both sides and images will be raised on the bank notes .

S Most importantly , manually inspected on each printed sheet in case that there would exist damaged sheets .

C Most importantly , they inspect sheet in case should sheets .

S Once damaged sheets are discovered , partically separate them into good and bad ones and them burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .

C Once damaged sheets are discovered , they individually them into good and bad ones and then the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .

S Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other place , comparing with which , the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .

C Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other places , bad ones have to be destroyed securely .

S the movie which I have chosen to write about is microphone .

C The which I have chosen to write about is Microphone

S it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,

C It an starring some actors . The this film takes in Alexandria in , it is some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do have much money to produce their own albums ,

S that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love

C that sort of band famous among people they call it " underground " . Their give a big concenet the political and social situation Egypt and they became after the 25 this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There no chance for young people if they find , they face a of problems to save it and they do find time for other activities they work they never learn from love .

S I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .

C I live in a small town and are a things that my town does the environment : like , for which must know what material the things we throw away are made of and put them in the right dumpster .

S This is a little act for us , but if we all contribute will be a big help for the environment .

C This is a small for us , but if we all contribute , it be a big help for the environment .

S We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .

C We can also appliances do consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electrical or buy organic products .

S In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .

C In the big cities , have begun build green buildings , they use transport in order to pollute .

S In my opinion there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not help our habitat .

C In my opinion , may be many rules , but if we do n't respect them we will not help our habitat .

S The most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the secondary school .

C The most exciting day of life was May 9th year , when I attended .

S I stayed on France with my friends and my teachers .

C I went with my friends and my teachers .

S I woke up very early .

C I woke up very early .

S I catch the bus and I waved my mum .

C I caught bus and I waved to mum .

S Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .

C Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .

S After six hours we had lunch on a fast food to France .

C After six hours , had lunch in fast food restaurant .

S Next we visited a famous aquarium where I looked a lot of fish .

C Next , visited a famous aquarium where I saw lot of fish .

S It was interesting !

C It was interesting !

S On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .

C In evening we had dinner in particular and my friends and I took photos famous sight .

S I was admiring the sea while my friends looked around the shop .

C I admired sea while my friends looked around the shops

S The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .

C The day , went perfumery I bought a present for my mum .

S My teacher wanted to our speak to French .

C My teacher wanted speak .

S In the end my friends and I jumped into the sea .

C In the end , friends and I jumped into the sea .

S It was crazy .

C It was crazy .

S I will never forget this experience !

C I will never forget this experience !

S The cat LOZAH

C The cat LOZAH

S At a nice day , my old brother surprise me .

C On nice day , my older surprised .

S He bought a cat .

C He bought a cat .

S It is a first time for me to play with a cat .

C It was time for me to play with a cat .

S It is a nice experience .

C It was nice experience .

S I called it LOZAH because its color like an almond .

C I called it LOZAH because its color was an almond .

S The almond is called in Arabic LOZ .

C An is called LOZ in Arabic

S LOZAH is four months old .

C LOZAH is four months old .

S It is female cat .

C It is female cat .

S LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .

C LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .

S It likes my laptop and it play with the Cursor .

C It likes my laptop and it plays the cursor

S That is funny but makes me nervous .

C That is funny , makes me nervous .

S The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .

C The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .

S It sleeps eighteen hours per a day .

C It sleeps eighteen hours per .

S The nice sleeping of it is when it watching anime .

C The nice sleeping it is when it watches .

S It plays with children very well .

C It plays with children very well .

S when the children went out it became sad .

C When children go , becomes .

S I love its soft hair .

C I love its soft hair .

S It runs behind the ants and flies .

C It chases flies .

S It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .

C It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .

S It hates the water .

C It hates .

S When we need to punish it we spreed some drops of water at its face .

C When we need to punish it we spread drops of water on face .

S I hope it to be a good cat and a good experience for me .

C I hope it will a good cat and a good experience for me .

S Dear Bob ,

C Dear Bob ,

S my firs job was baby sitter .

C my first was a

S I have to look forward at two little boys : seven and nine years old .

C I had look little boys aged and nine years old .

S I was seventeen years old , when I decided to accept this work .

C I was seventeen years old I decided to accept this job

S The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .

C The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .

S I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed so much with them .

C I was babysitter those for all that summer and I enjoyed myself much with them .

S They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we can swim and play .

C They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we could and play .

S At the end of the summer , I have kept on seeing these boys to help them during the school year .

C At the end of the summer , I on seeing those to help them during the school year .

S This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .

C This experience helped me a lot because I became more responsible , only with those , also with my brothers and sister ( I have brothers and one sister ) and the meaning of earning .

S I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I known them since they were newborn .

C I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I had them since they were born

S I hope to have satisfied to all your questions .

C I hope to have answered questions .

S Have a good work

C Have a good work

S cla '

C cla '

S I grew up in a parent family .

C I grew up in a one - family .

S Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .

C Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .

S However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .

C However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried best to support older brother , my older sister and me our college studies . Of , uncle , younger of my mother lent big hand to go through the hard times so that made us often help each other in my family when a in difficulty

S Especially I was the youngest member in the family , made much more troubles when I was young .

C In particular , was the youngest member of family , and I caused more trouble I was young .

S I had truancy and did not pay attention to studies .

C I truanted did not pay attention to my .

S That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .

C That was the biggest harm a hard - working woman like mother who best to feed me help me complete my studies .

S All the members of my family never give me up , and I finished my college studies , too .I have a good job now .

C All the members of my family never gave on me and I finished my college studies , too . I a good job now .

S I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .

C I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family being exertion me . Now have a relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got so easily

S So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !

C So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !

S How my town takes care of the environment

C How my town takes care of the environment

S First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .

C First of all , me my town . live in Kabul , capital of Afghanistan .

S This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .

C This town is located in the central zone of with 4462(km² ) surface area and has more than seven million The and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a on care for the .

S The most important factor in the environment improvement is the lock of the required knowledge between the local people .

C The most important factor in is the lack the required knowledge among local people .

S Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .

C Based on , the and government of town together effectually take of environment .

S Municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the

C The municipality the collects garbage from the roads and ships it a

S specific area .

C special .

S Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town

C Fortunately , is mountains has a climate . town has approximately of year . The agricultural and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on produces for the citizens of the .

S There is no future for public transport .

C There is no future for public transport .

S I agree with this point .

C I agree with this point .

S Public transport are busy now a days .

C Public transport is nowadays

S More people are using it and it getting rush .

C More people are using it and it is rush

S It creating lot of troubles by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .

C It is a of problems standing on the edge of the buses and metros

S Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .

C Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .

S Actually there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sports for me is football .

C Actually , are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sport me is football .

S Usually , I play football with my friends in stadium .

C Usually , I play football with my friends in a .

S I suggest you to do sports because it makes us healthy .

C I suggest you sports because it makes us healthy .

S Dear mr / ms of summer camp .

C Dear Sir / Madam

S I am interested in work with you .

C I am interested in working you .

S This is an opportunity excellent for me because I want to work like English teacher .

C This is an excellent opportunity me because I want to work as teacher .

S I studied in an English school and learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .

C I studied in an English school and have been English since I was a child . My were all native speakers I always practised my English with them

S After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .

C Later studied to be an teacher at university of Extremadura .

S I am English teacher now .

C I am an teacher now .

S I like the children and working with them .

C I like the children and working with them .

S They are very good pupils .

C They are very good pupils .

S They learn and understand very good English .

C They learn and understand English very well

S I have worked in the holiday English school this year and I have learned a lot of with this experience .

C I in the English holiday this year and I have learned a lot experience .

S I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .

C I activities like , visits cities festivals , etc .

S I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .

C I love being them ; help me to do my work , they teach me to be a person . have more patience and I know how be happy .

S I live alone , so I cook always my food .

C I live alone , so I always cook own .

S The cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very good and I practise several kinds of foods .

C Cooking one of my hobbies . I like to eat very well I cook kinds of foods .

S I think that I am the person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .

C I think that I am the right for your job because I have all that you are looking for .

S I hope yours news .

C I look forward to

S Sincerely

C Yours Faithfully

S Selena López

C Selena López

S My favorite sport

C My favorite sport

S There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .

C There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .

S Anyone has their favorite sports .

C Everyone their favorite sports .

S Someone likes go hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing

C One person going , others likes dancing , still others like playing

S volleyball .

C volleyball .

S And , either do I. I also like sports .

C And , so I. I also like sports .

S One of them which I like most is badminton .

C The one I like most is badminton .

S Why my favorite sports is badminton ?

C Why is my favorite sport ?

S There are some reasons .

C There are a number of .

S First of all , exercising can make you

C First of all , exercising can make you

S become more healthy .

C become more healthy .

S Second , playing badminton can active all body , like hands , arms , feet .

C Second , playing badminton can activate whole , like hands , arms , feet .

S Third , when I

C Third , when I

S play it with someone , whatever just for fun or for the game , my body will feel so hot in thirty minutes .

C play it with someone , whether for fun or for a my body feels hot in thirty minutes .

S Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .

C Then , it can be played and be played sun .

S Finally , I am good at playing badminton .

C Finally , I am good at playing badminton .

S Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot

C Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . from being for your , it can also lot

S of fun and play with family or friend happily .

C of fun and you can with family or friends .

S If someone answer me what the best sport is , I will say :

C If someone asked what the best sport is , I would :

S Badminton is .

C badminton .

S My favourite sport is badminton because I used to practise it when I was a child and I loved it .

C My favourite sport is badminton because I used to play when I was a child and I loved it .

S It seems to me a complete sport because you can practise it in pairs or in an individual way .

C It seems to me a complete sport , you can play in pairs or in an individual way .

S To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .

C To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .

S You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .

C You have to be able to play for a long time , to your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the of energy so as be exhausted before the match is over .

S For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one advise : enjoy .

C For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one piece of enjoy yourself

S Because if you are trying to win you will lose the most important thing , to discover how wonderful to play a sport could be .

C Because if you are trying to win , will lose the most important thing : wonderful playing sport can .

S now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .

C Nowadays , people are influenced western culture , are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters interested in stylish and colorful . They happy about different color clothes . They want to wear our traditional , as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They like to wear shirts , pants , t - many more . Youngsters influenced watching different programmes on television .

S Sport is important part of my life .

C Sport is an part of my life .

S Two years ago when I was still in school .

C Two years ago , I was still in school .

S Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .

C Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .

S But I could n't go with them at the time , I was sick a lot .

C But I could n't go with them at the time . was sick a lot .

S One day my friend invited me to karate .

C One day , friend invited me to karate .

S He gave me 3 days to think about it .

C He gave me 3 days to think about it .

S I decided and went .

C I decided and went .

S It was strange because I never went to the sports .

C It was strange , I never went to .

S From the time I started going to karate .

C From the time I started going to karate .

S After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .

C After month , instructor told me that I would competition .

S I was very worrying and nervous .

C I was very worried nervous .

S The day of the competition and I came with others to show how I 'd practiced .

C The day of the competition arrived I went others to show how I 'd practiced .

S Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling many people look and clapping .

C Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami . When left I had a special feeling ; people were looking clapping .

S It took 3 minutes I won with three accounts too .

C It took 3 minutes . won with three accounts too .

S I was very happy because it was my first competition .

C I . I very happy because it was my first competition .

S After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .

C After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .

S Then as always sounded Kazakhstan hymn .

C Then as always , they the national anthem

S This time I felt like a Champion it was really especially feeling .

C This time I felt like a Champion . It a special .

S When I went to karate I 'm not even sick .

C When I go karate I 'm not even sick .

S Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , optimism and strengthen the immune system .

C Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , and and strengthened system .

S My most exciting day was the June 8th 2014 , an international competition in Belgium .

C My most exciting day was 8th 2014 ; international competition in Belgium .

S The day before there were the qualifications , that I passed .

C The day before , were the qualifiers which passed .

S The day of the finals I was so nervous , but determined .

C The day of the finals , was so nervous , but determined .

S There were athletes who are European champions and I picked up all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .

C There were athletes who were champions and I gathered my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .

S After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I have done my job .

C After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I had my job .

S Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .

C In the end , placed 7th for beam and floor , and after we took the photos , went to the changing room .

S When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an autograph .

C When I left , some girls were outside the dressing room with a sheet of paper a pen in their and they asked me for autograph .

S I was really surprised and happy , I would never have thought !

C I was really surprised and happy . would never have thought that could happen

S The little girls thanked me , then I go to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .

C The little girls thanked me , then I went eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .

S An easy recipe are cookies .

C An easy recipe is .

S You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .

C You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .

S Mix butter , eggs and vanilla .

C Mix the , eggs and vanilla .

S The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies with a round shape .

C The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies into round shape .

S Baker them for 15 minutes

C Bake for 15 minutes .

S Dear Mrs. Morgan

C Dear Mrs. Morgan

S I am writing with regard to find accounting services for my company .

C I am writing with regard to finding services for my company .

S I know that you have experience to search the best employees and you have quality .

C I know that you have experience in got best employees and you have quality .

S I need the services for a year so Can you provide those services ?

C I need the services for a year , can provide those services ?

S I need that my employees are punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .

C I need employees to be and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .

S Thank for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .

C Thank you your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .

S Yours sincerely

C Yours sincerely

S Alejandrina

C Alejandrina

S The world is changing around .

C The world is changing

S Technologies are moving on in high speed .

C Technologies are moving on at speed .

S As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .

C As the technological is moving fast , is also coming up new types cars & scooters that work very economical way .

S Buying cars and scooters are more convenient than the last decade .

C Buying cars and scooters is convenient than in last decade .

S In few decade people earnings and living style have also changed .

C In a decades , 's and lifestyles also changed .

S People now buying cars and scooters as per their convenience and pocket .

C People now buy and scooters according to convenience and pocket

S Earlier people used to buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .

C Previously , used to use , taxis autos going to , schools , colleges , shopping etc .

S Which was time consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .

C Which was a - and obviously way of commuting from one place to another

S Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .

C Since the world of today a - world , n't care about their pocket

S Using personal veihicles is more convenient to them than using public transport .

C Using private more convenient for than using public transport .

S So the public transports importance is reducing every day .

C So transport 's is decreasing day .

S If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .

C If it so come time when individual will not be in transport .

S This has tremendous impact on other aspect .

C This has a impact on other aspects of life

S Fuel consumption has increased in few years .

C Fuel consumption has increased in a years .

S Net of cars and bikes is reason for heavy traffic jam every side .

C The number cars and motorbikes the for heavy traffic

S Ratio of road accidents has been increased in few decades .

C The rate road accidents has in a decades .

S People not even care about safety parameters while driving on road .

C People do even care about safety parameters driving on the

S I must say that Public transport is life line in today worlds .

C I must say that public is a today 's

S PUBLIC TRANSPORT

C PUBLIC TRANSPORT

S Public transport is a very useful resource , you can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .

C Public transport is a very useful resource . You travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .

S But , why it will disappear ?

C But , why will it ?

S Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us is more comfortable our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .

C Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us , it more comfortable to travel in cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .

S Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why we do n't use it more ?

C Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why do n't we it more ?

S It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money

C It would a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and for countries as well , we will save a lot of money .

S I recommend you to use public transport .

C I recommend you to use public transport .

S I think that family 's members could n't be friends because the relation is very different .

C I think that family ca be friends because the relationship very different .

S There are many good reasons to say that .

C There are many good reasons to say that .

S Firstly , family is the base of the relationships .

C Firstly , family is the basis the relationship

S Secondly , although the friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .

C Secondly , although and love are the most important feelings , the family structures person and influences their behavior .

S I feel my family in a different way from my friends .

C I feel about family in a different way from my friends .

S Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think them like friends .

C Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think of as .

S Some people think that this is possible but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .

C Some people think that this is possible , I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .

S The parents have to give education to the children over obviously love

C The parents have to give education to the children and , , .

S In conclusion I think that two relationship are different .

C In conclusion , think that the relationships different .

S Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think that statement should say that the the public transport is going to have in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .

C Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think this should say that transport is going to exist the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .

S I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own sit and in the winter your car is hot and you also can listen to the radio .

C I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own seat in the winter your car is hot and you can also to the radio .

S In the public transport you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing which is not very comfortable and in winter you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .

C On , do n't have your own seat , sometimes you travel standing up , is not very comfortable , in winter you do n't have air conditioning , if it 's cold , 's cold inside Sometimes have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you

S Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car

C On the other hand , does pollute , the car pollutes , , us , by car is better than travelling public transport , for the atmosphere , it better to travel public transport than to travel car .

S My bedroom is light and modern .

C My bedroom is light and modern .

S The walls are green and blue , on the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos of my brother .

C The walls are green and blue . On green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos belonging to brother .

S There is a bedside table in the middle of two beds , on this there are the alarm clock and the book that we read

C There is a bedside table between beds . On there are the alarm clock and the books we are reading .

S There are two wardrobe , one for me and one for my brother .

C There are two wardrobes for me and one for my brother .

S There is a stereo system on the bench and scareted around the room there are a lot of puppets

C There is a stereo system on the bench and arranged the room there are a lot of puppets .

S There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .

C There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .

S Near my bedroom , there is a little room , in this room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and one globe .

C Near my bedroom , there is a little room . In there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and a .

S Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen years old I live in Egypt .

C Hello , my name is Habiba . am fifteen years old and live in Egypt .

S I like English very much I like learning new languages and things .

C I like English very much . like learning new languages and things .

S I am not a native speaker of English but I wish that I will be one day .

C I am not a fluent of English but I hope I will be one day .

S what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .

C What me like learning new languages is how it helps communicate with others easily . also like traveling so much , it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend whatever like .

S my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .

C My for I grow up is I will a lot the world , marry a romantic , person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .

S Years ago I was very worried how will happening in the future .

C Years ago I was very worried about the future .

S About the contamination , technology , obesity and other things around the world .

C About the pollution technology , obesity and other things around the world .

S Nobody cared how we lived .

C Nobody cared how we lived .

S But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and

C But , these days , differently and help the world and

S Contamination is big problem for us and the planet .

C Pollution a problem for us and the planet .

S In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .

C In the past , things and they did n't care how dangerous they were the planet .

S Now , the people is more conscious and they know how dangerous is for the planet .

C Now , are aware they know how dangerous is for the planet .

S Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .

C Also , TV , radio , the , big companies have the planet .

S Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply like separate the garbage .

C Moreover , from kindergarten , schools about care of planet , simply by doing things separating garbage .

S Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .

C Obesity and other things help is a very important topic , are because of problem .

S For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .

C For example , the way because a lot food has things are for us .

S To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .

C To turn to already cook food natural products chemicals

S But this kind of food is expensive and the people can not buy .

C But this kind of food is expensive and can not buy it

S Technology has good thing and bad things .

C Technology has good thing and bad sides

S The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way this is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .

C Technology advancing very fast , in the best way . This good for us because we will a lot of things

S Maybe , in 2060 we will be able to go to the moon very easy , like go to Europe .

C Maybe , in 2060 , will be able to go to the moon very easily like going Europe .

S Also , the cars will fly , and maybe is better for the city .

C Also , will fly , and maybe that be for the city .

S In conclusion I think that we on track for the next years .

C In conclusion , think that we are track for the next years .

S Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .

C Compared with the past , aware are world .

S As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .

C As a result of , will a better life , more healthy clean in coming .

S I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .

C I hope things will in this way because it our future , life and we have to take of to a and happy life in the coming .

S No one can deny the importance of the public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .

C No one can deny the importance of transport , but actually this importance is turn to sector transport .

S And this importance of private transport because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .

C And this importance of private transport is private transportation provides comfortable way move from one place to another . Also , helps save reduce costs public transportation .

S firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .

C Firstly transport provides comfortable way travel one place to another without sharing with , using this kind of transport , is convenient you are to the of a trip .

S Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .

C Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting for specific time to move or even waste for public transportation vehicle reach all the has to but on other hand , you have your own transport or transport , the to choose the of your or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , can not afford to our time public transport .

S finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,

C Finally transport involves costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains fares increasing every year and we do not face this problem transport .

S The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of the dream of the red chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .

C The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of The the Red Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .

S To begin with , Li Ren edition of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .

C To begin with , the Ren edition of The Dream of the Red Chamber units .

S In comparison with Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .

C In comparison with the Ren edition , the three children 's editions have some plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .

S We will discuss how to present the feature in differ aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .

C We will discuss how to present the features different such as education , entertainment , literature and children .

S Besides , an adaptation is connected with Li Ren edition .

C Besides , an adaptation is connected with the Ren edition .

S It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in Qing Dynasty .

C It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in the Dynasty .

S This graph shows people from India Pakistan and West Indies entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .

C This graph shows people from India , and the Indies who the UK 1940 to 1970 .

S People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .

C People from India and Pakistan UK significantly increased by 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .

S Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was for me a very good experience .

C Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was a very good experience for me

S First of all , the food was very delicious .

C First of all , the food was really .

S The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dished was like a taste of the real Japan .

C The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dishes a taste of the real Japan .

S Also you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .

C Also , can see how they prepare your food in front of you .

S The tables have a grill where the chef makes his magic .

C The tables have a grill where the chef does magic .

S All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .

C All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .

S That makes anybody feels a new level of pleasure , in the same process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .

C That makes anybody feel new level of pleasure the same process that everybody repeats , eating

S It was a sunny day , a special day in my life.the day was 29 October in 2009,that day I had a university admission test at shajalaj university .

C It was a sunny day , a special day in my life . the was 29 October . That I had a university admission test at Shajalaj .

S Before this day I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .

C Before that , was frustrated , it brings to mind .

S Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .

C Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .

S With talking her for a few minutes , I become too happy .

C After with for a few minutes , I became .

S In fact I fall in love with her at first sight .

C In fact , fell love with her at first sight .

S So I was just thinking how to convince her .

C So I was just thinking about to convince her .

S there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .

C There no other option for me . wanted . During exam I thinking the time about to communicate with her .

S When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .

C When the examination was , again , started to talk with her , asking her exam was

S She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance and finally I got it .

C She told me not good at all , but mine good and she also added that I chance finally I got it .

S After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .

C Three later , results and I got the chance the girl did n't .

S Then I become too much unhappy .

C Then I became

S I expected if both of us get the chance then it will be very good .

C I thought both of us got chance it would very good .

S But alas ! my dream did n't come true .

C But , , did n't come true .

S When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .

C When I was returning from Syleth called the girl and talked her and told I had chance , the said she knew

S Hi Duncan ,

C Hi Duncan ,

S How are you ? I hope that you are well .

C How are you ? I hope that you are well .

S Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .

C Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .

S I have my cousin 's wedding the next month too , so I am very excited .

C I have my cousin 's wedding month too , so I am very excited .

S Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .

C Well , in my country are usually a church .

S The fiancee wear a long white dress and the fiance wear a black suit .

C The bride long white dress and the groom black suit .

S It is all very religious .

C It is all very religious .

S A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred person .

C A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred people

S The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommend you to come a Spanish wedding .

C The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food in city . recommend you to come to Spanish wedding .

S I think that 's all , I hope that it will helpful .

C I think that 's all . hope that it will be .

S Best wishes ,

C Best wishes ,

S MARIO

C MARIO

S Hello i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .

C Hello , Arnau and I am twelve years old . live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . am very hardworking in school I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .

S I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , my nose and mouth are normal .

C I am tall ( 1,71 m ) , face is normal , I have brown eyes black hair , and nose and mouth are normal .

S I 'm really into Ps3 especially Fifa 15 , and fan of riding a bike but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad

C I 'm really into Ps3 , Fifa 15 , and a of riding a bike , I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends . Sometimes like playing on my Ipad .

S In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games but I spend some money on my bike .

C In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , spend some money on my bike .

S I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world , I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian , I 'm really interested in learning languages ,

C I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world . 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian . 'm really interested in learning languages .

S I really love languages ! ! ! ! !

C I really love languages ! ! ! ! !

S The most beautiful museum in Mexico

C The most beautiful museum in Mexico

S Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .

C Now the and we need or we want to visit the country .

S Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?

C Well , will in this article about one museum that is considered Best in Mexico " , but why ?

S The answer is simply ; this museum has many types of momias .

C The answer is simple this museum has many types of momias

S In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .

C In 1810 , war for independence and people fought other people . For , Hidalgo is considered father of independence and he the monarchy

S He gave the arms all the city .

C He gave to .

S Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum the same other famous people in this war .

C Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum like famous people from .

S The Museum is stay in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .

C The Museum is Guanajuato , Guanajuato .

S You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .

C You should knew that price is very cheap : an . If want to spend time , price 10.00 .

S The museum is the most interesting place in my country because describe our history about our country .

C The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it of country .

S If you want to take photos the way free you can done .

C If you want to take photos the way free you can done

S Finally you enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .

C Finally , can the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other cities other countries

S Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .

C Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .

S Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .

C Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .

S Football as a favourite sport

C Football as a favourite sport

S My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involve two team .

C My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involves teams

S Being a double team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .

C Being a two sport makes the game competitive and interesting .

S I am an Arsernal fc fan .

C I am an Arsenal fan .

S Have been an arsernal fan since 1999 .

C I have an Arsenal since 1999 .

S I love Arsene Wenger .

C I love Arsene Wenger .

S He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballer .

C He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballers

S Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .

C Buying cheap footballers wrecked the several times because of the of experience of the cheap players

S Football is an important sport that unite nations .

C Football is an important sport that unites .

S It bring unity among country .

C It brings between

S People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .

C People from different the club .

S World cup unites the world .

C The Cup the world .

S Football is indeed a union .

C Football is indeed a union .

S hello ..

C Hello ,

S mine was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .

C Mine badminton I it when I was playing .

S it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .

C It one of the best anybody get .

S when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .

C When on court , opponents I very at my position cover the entire court .

S coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .

C Coming the infrastructure is all about the cock and the racquets

S the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the court .

C The holds players or 4 players , the court .

S each team contains 1 or 2 players .

C Each has or 2 players ,

S and court contains one net in between those players .

C and the has net in between those players .

S they can shut the cock above from the net .

C They to cock over net .

S if that cock touches that net it counts as point to other team who can receive from the cock

C If touches that net , counts as a to the team , can receive from cock .

S At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with other countries people .

C At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with people from other countries

S Due to this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind others , thus , many kindergartens started to teach children English .

C For reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to be others . Therefore many kindergartens have to teach children English .

S It 's december .

C It 's December

S But in my city there is no snow ..

C But in my city there is no snow .

S And it 's sooo bad .

C And it 's sooo bad .

S On the streets there is a little warm .

C In streets it a little warm .

S About 9 degrees , I guess .

C About 9 degrees , I guess .

S Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago it was filthy rain .

C Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago there heavy .

S Yep , it 's our weather .

C Yep , it 's our weather .

S Nobt all Russia is always under snow .

C Not of is always under snow .

S Michael just felt nothing different as usual.he was on his way to school .

C Michael just felt nothing different to . He on his way to school .

S he went through the park where children playing around .

C He through the park where children were around .

S he saw some street performer by the street .

C He some street performer on street .

S everything seems so fine , and nothing is wrong anyway .

C Everything fine , and nothing was , .

S Michael is a college student majoring in music .

C Michael is a college student majoring in music .

S he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .

C He so much that he turned other courses , concentrating on .

S he learns how to composition and plays some kind of ancient instrument .

C He how to compose plays some kind of ancient instrument .

S professor say that Michael is gifted and talented .

C The teacher Michael is gifted and talented .

S Michael may become a great musician someday .

C Michael may become a great musician someday .

S meanwhile Michael is also a guy of sensitive .

C Meanwhile , is also a sensitive guy

S Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .

C Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .

S At first , he just pretend as nothing happened .

C At first , he just pretended happening

S after all , he changed his mind , he turned to give the guy some money .

C After he changed his mind , and turned back give the guy some money .

S he thinks that he did the right thing then went back home .

C He he had done right thing , went back home .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .

C Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .

S It is one such commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .

C It is a which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .

S The tv shows broadcasted on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .

C The TV broadcast television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .

S I think , I can agree with the opinion , that shopping is not always enjoyable .

C I think , I can agree with the opinion shopping is not always enjoyable .

S In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .

C In my opinion , is dependent on we buy and with whom go

S To tell the true , shopping is so bored to men , particularly when they go to the store with women .

C To tell the truth shopping is so boring , particularly when they go to the store with women .

S Shopping with women is nightmarish .

C Shopping with women is nightmarish .

S They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .

C They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .

S Then they are always crying and yelling like wild goats .

C Then they are always screaming yelling like wild goats .

S When I 'm listening this , I want to commit hara - kiri .

C When I hear , I want to commit hara - kiri .

S No future for public transport ?

C No future for public transport ?

S why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .

C Why we public transport ? Some us use it to save money by buying gas or because ca n't buy a car or if they have with cars or they are in mood to drive .

S Now a days with technology we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for public transport

C Nowadays , technology , have different ways to get around , hoverboards , skateboards , maybe it means there is for public transport .

S Another point is we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .

C Another point is that have our own cars and it 's more comfortable . do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .

S I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car I can put music I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .

C I do n't have to be late because of delays . can do anything in my own car . can put music on , can drink , eat , speak or wherever .

S I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we will wait and find out .

C I do n't really have opinion , just do n't know . We have to and find out .

S Tell me your opinions about this subject in comments .

C Tell me your opinions on subject in comments .

S My Favourite Sport .

C My Favourite Sport .

S We are living in rush world .

C We are living in a .

S All of us have to choose some activity .

C All of us have to choose some activity .

S In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .

C In my opinion , be like brushing our .

S We do it for hygiene !

C We do it for hygiene !

S My hygiene is running or more familiar word is Jogging .

C My hygiene is running , the familiar word is jogging

S Run Forest Run !

C Run Forest Run !

S It is the most simple form of activity .

C It is the most simple form of activity .

S Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .

C Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .

S I can say that is the most natural move for human .

C I can say that it the most natural movement humans

S All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .

C All that you need to a and a .

S That what was happened with me personally .

C That is with me personally .

S Motivation for my been 15k run competition .

C Motivation for me a race

S But I never before have work our Jogging .

C But I had before by

S So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .

C So to the with pleasure , needed to out a , a - by - day diary jogging distance , time , and during our

S First of all it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !

C First of all , is absolutely minimal You need boots for running

S It is one main condition , rest of your dress are not important .

C It is one main condition , the of your clothing not important .

S Shoes are for protect and prevent your health , you have got only one body look after them .

C Shoes are to and prevent health . You got only one pair of feet , after them .

S I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better after Jogging I think better and I meet lovely great people because of running .

C I enjoy favourite sport because I feel better after jogging , think better and I meet lovely because of running .

S My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .

C My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .

S I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .

C I will give a review of a thriller . The is Hunger Games It about some capitals people are chosen in game . You to kill people you . It a movie that has , you want to know how they In movie , loves and they each other It really , in 3 movies there bad moments with the family , capitals friends etc .

S But you will love the movie and you will want to see others one so go and watch that movie .

C But you will love the movie and you will want to see others , go and see movie .

S I would like to explain about the my favourite sport cricket .

C I would like to explain about favourite sport , .

S Cricket is a sport that have two teams of eleven playeres each ..

C Cricket is a sport that has teams of eleven players ..

S I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .

C I like cricket very much brings immense pleasure

S We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .

C We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .

S Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .

C Playing gives physical exercise to our body . we bowl , bat field in , requires a of physical activity

S Playing the cricket will gives relaxation and reduces stress .

C Playing relaxation and reduces stress .

S I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .

C I can give to who are interested in cricket . They know all the of playing it .

S My bedroom

C My bedroom

S My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .

C My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .

S There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .

C There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .

S There are three bunk bed next to wardrobes .

C There are three bunk beds to some .

S There is a big window with curtains .

C There is a big window with curtains .

S Finally , there are some posters and some shelf with my games .

C Finally , there are some posters and some shelves my games .

S My favourite sport is tennis .

C My favourite sport is tennis .

S This sport is an invidual sport , then you win alone and do n't win a team , but if you play tournaments in double the one who wins is the team .

C This sport is an individual , so win alone and do n't beat team , but if you play tournaments in pairs one who wins is the team .

S This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy is n't very famous , becouse in Italy the soccer is more famous than the tennis .

C This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy it n't very famous , because Italy is more famous than .

S But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !

C But I that a lot of young play tennis . that players be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time then you wo wait to up to tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !

S If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .

C If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis teacher who will introduce you to you will learn shots including , , the smash and the service .

S So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .

C So you will become one of the most famous players world and you will win a lot of tennis tournaments including the four slams the Australian Open , the US , the Roland Garros and .

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

S In 2 hours Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .

C In 2 hours , 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .

S He had to tell her she was in danger .

C He had to tell her she was in danger .

S He went to the garage , and rode on his motorbike .

C He went to the garage got on his motorbike .

S It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .

C It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .

S Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , getting his way through the other cars and trucks .

C Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , making way through the other cars and trucks .

S My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .

C My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .

S It is great when you are in a cup and goes very far in the tournament .

C It is great when you are in a cup go far in the tournament .

S It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's is whit in the team .

C It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's the team .

S When you playing a cup you playing really much football and you are also very much with your friends .

C When you play in tournament play lot of and you spend a lot of time your friends .

S When you go far in a cup you got to play a lot of games .

C When you go far in a tournament , have play a lot of games .

S If you are going to begin playing football you need footballs shoes you also need protections for the legs .

C If you are going to begin playing football , need football You need protection the legs .

S If you starting this sport you need to think it 's funny to play it .

C If you are this sport , need to think it 's fun play it .

S If you do n't think it is a funny sport you would not go it .

C If you do n't think it is a fun , should do .

S The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .

C The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .

S You should not play the sport just because you 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .

C You should not play the sport just because your are it Do because you like to play .

S Dear Sir/ Madam ,

C Dear Sir/ Madam ,

S I saw your ad in a newsapper .

C I saw your advertisement a newspaper

S I 'm a young guy who finished his study in tourism and ecology this year .

C I 'm a young man finished his studies tourism and ecology this year .

S I 'm also a member of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old .

C I have also been member of the tourism ecology since I was 10 years old .

S I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .

C I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .

S As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .

C Also have done climbing and I have climbing since I was 12 years old .

S I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .

C I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .

S I worked for few diffrent companies and asocations in past .

C I have for a different and associations the .

S Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .

C Usually I was a volunteer I was also a European Projects I was paid for my work .

S As a person I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .

C As a person , 'm friendly and I like to do my job .

S My best leisure time would be hang out with my freinds .

C My best leisure time activity be hanging with my friends

S l like to go to the beach with my freind or alone offen .

C l like to go to the beach with my friend alone often

S I enjoy watching people and childern having fun .

C I enjoy watching people and children fun .

S l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .

C l like the cool breeze from the ocean I walking shore and listening to my favorite music .

S Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you

C Hi Alex , ca wait

S I really think taht we should go that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .

C I really think that should go to new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .

S I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know I never learn how to ride a bike .

C I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know , never learnt to ride a bike .

S But we could also try the climbing but it would be better if we could cimbing outside , in the countryside .

C But we could also try the climbing , it would be better if we could climb , in the countryside .

S Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love , or comedy .

C Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love horror or a .

S However if we not too tired at the time we could go out .

C But we are too tired at the time , could go out .

S I will really like if my parents could take me to your house on Friday evening but I think that we have a party that night .

C I would like it my parents could bring to your house on Friday evening , I think that we have a party that night .

S But I will try to convince they .

C But I will try to convince them

S See you soon .

C See you soon .

S The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .

C The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .

S Citizens want at the same time efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation cost .

C Citizens want , the same time , and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation costs

S Hi , Isabel .

C Hi .

S How are you ? I hope you 're ok .

C How are you ? I hope you 're OK

S I have some to tell .

C I have something tell you

S I have been living in New York city ! !

C I am in New York city ! !

S I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had changes mi city .

C I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to

S This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .

C This place has some restaurants and sports s can talk with Latinos at home .

S Emeil me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .

C Email soon and let me know how you are getting on holidays .

S See you soon . Kisses .

C See you soon . Kisses .

S I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private .

C I think that public transport is much better for the environment transport

S If the people travelled more often in public transport we would n't pollute so much .

C If travelled more often on transport , would n't pollute so much .

S I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .

C I think that public transport is the future , many countries will have to ban towns for cars to the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .

S So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than public transport .

C So I do not agree with this affirmation In , car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using transport .

S After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit rigid .

C After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit stiff

S Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want , so what happen .

C Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want . So was happening

S -Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .

C -Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .

S -Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets totally red .

C -Oh , erm- gets a little bit red the I … erm I am sorry ! - He screams and his face goes red .

S He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .

C He seems different . She imagined that Jason could like that . She strong , and she never foresaw like this . But felt for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .

S -I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .

C -I'm sorry - he repeats again , more serious and with his normal face - It 's well , first kiss OK ? can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes everything that you can imagine .

S But this thinks of l … lo … love , can put me very nervous- the blush comes again .

C But these l … lo … love , can make very nervous- the blush comes again .

S - jajaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss too , and I like it- she smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .

C - Haha!- smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was first kiss too , and I liked . again , but this time , the smile seems false .

S Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .

C Elizabeth seems be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced because when he kissed , he did feel anything he did feel that the ground and when his face turned , he just put face of horror and surprise , like was very sorry for him .

S Almost at the same time they kissed

C Almost at the same time , kissed .

S -Hey , do n't run Snow

C -Hey , do n't run Snow .

S - But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is very late I 'm goanna die .

C - But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) , is very late . 'm gon na .

S They stop in a dressmaker market .

C They stop in a dressmaker 's .

S -Why do we are here ? - Margarita says .

C -Why we ? - Margarita asks

S - I 'm goanna give information to Lucresia .

C - I 'm gon na information to Lucresia .

S - What kind of information ?

C - What kind of information ?

S - Prince Jason is here

C - Prince Jason is here .

S - Prince Jason ?

C - Prince Jason ?

S Who is him ?

C Who is he

S - The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .

C - The prince of Blue He very handsome , and his family has military studies so is the second most guy in the world .

S -ja amm second ?

C -ja amm ?

S Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .

C Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .

S -Who is him ?

C -Who is he

S - I tell you later .

C - I 'll you later .

S When they enter in the dressmaker market , Lucresia was n't there .

C When they entered 's , Lucresia was n't there .

S But there were a lot of beautiful dresses , in high - tech closets with lights .

C But there were a lot of beautiful dresses high - tech closets with lights .

S -This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .

C -These are made of textile fiber . Almost here is synthetic and wearable everyone - explained .

S - Wow , everything is beautiful , its make me feel like I am suspended in a dream of fairytale .

C - Wow , everything is beautiful , it feel like I am suspended in a dream or .

S - Do you want to use one ?

C - Do you want to wear ?

S -Yes but for what ?

C -Yes but for what ?

S -For the dance in the green palace .

C -For the dance in the green palace .

S - But are you sure

C - But are you sure ?

S -Yes , just wait in a fraction of second you are ready .

C -Yes , just wait . In fraction of a , will be .

S My favourite sport is running .

C My favourite sport is running .

S I run everyday .

C I run every day

S When I was running , I feel relax on it .

C When I am , I feel relaxed

S That is the reason why I love running so much .

C That is the reason why I love running so much .

S Moreover , when I was running , I can through a lot of thing about myself or how to solve some of the problem from daily .

C Moreover , when I am , I can think a lot of things myself or how to solve some of the problems life

S Therefor , running can let me feel happy .

C Therefore running can let me feel happy .

S In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .

C In the past , cars were affordable for the upper classes , for the middle class and lower there were many choices them besides public transportation .

S Since technology and standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .

C Once and the of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of public transportation and chose the for several reasons .

S The first one is to preserve time .

C The first one is to save .

S As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .

C As we know , transportation is a direct way to get to our and forces to stop at stops . Moreover have to another to reach our destination , it is already obvious why using a car is better .

S Secondly , public transportation usually very crowded and make us not feel safe since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .

C Secondly , public transportation is very crowded and makes not feel safe , there is an opportunity for us to be robbed

S Then by car we can enjoy the scenery , share laugh , change our destination by sudden and many more .

C Then , car , can enjoy the scenery , share a , change our destination all of a and many more .

S For these reasons , it can not be doubted if people think a car is more comfortable to be used rather than public transportation .

C For these reasons , it can not be doubted that think a car is more comfortable to use than public transportation .

S Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one that make the number of car growing rapidly but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .

C Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That number of cars , they do not think the negative side effects that a car has .

S Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .

C Firstly , it leads warming , the concentration of pollution is in many countries , and it is not only leading to also making warming faster and can also health .

S Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .

C Then roads are more crowded right now and there is much , people waste on road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car disappear the importance of public transportation is needed

S While in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many people , in my opinion is the opposite that public transportation is our future .

C While in the statement it says public transportation will be abandoned many people , in my opinion , is true - public transportation is our future .

S It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .

C It can be proved that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , is not as costly as using a car , and quality of public transportation has , citizens no worries about it .

S Would you like me to help you ?

C Would you like me to help you ?

S There is n't any animal on the farm .

C There are any animals the farm .

S That is hardly surprising , it is close since 2005 .

C That is hardly surprising , it has been 2005 .

S You 'll have to take the cow by the horns and get some work done !

C You 'll have to take the bull the horns and get some work done !

S In the future , people will go out of the Earth .Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .

C In the future , people will go out of the Earth . Because the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .

S When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .

C When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .

S Even of the grass ca n't alive on earth .

C Even grass ca n't live earth .

S Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .

C Thought , but people will be the team who are .

S Cause of lots of damage , but they did n't Take responsibility .

C Cause there was of damage , but they did n't take .

S I wonder for sixteen years .

C I wonder for sixteen years .

S And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .

C And . And do n't know if they will their minds next fifty years .

S Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts because you can analyse different opinions .

C Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts , you can analyse different opinions .

S It 's not necessary to say the same words .

C It 's not necessary to say the same words .

S But you need , understand the main idea .

C But you need the main idea .

S In other words , some professor when teaches different topics they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .

C In other words , some professors teaching topics , concepts and it 's difficult to learn .

S Sometimes it 's so difficult say the same words for the students . I recommend read different ideas .

C Sometimes it 's so difficult to the same words for the students . I recommend reading ideas .

S Anyway , if you read different books you can understand better .

C Anyway , if you read different books , can understand better .

S In conclusion , it 's very important to learn the concept than saying something stupid ....

C In conclusion , it 's more to learn the concept than to stupid ....

S So , if you need techniques for learning you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .

C So , if you need techniques for learning , need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .

S .All about me

C All me

S Hi my name is Leon Johnson , I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .

C Hi , name is Leon Johnson . am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .

S I was born at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th September .

C I was born at Danderyds hospital , in on .

S I have one sister who are ten years old and one brother who are five years old .

C I have one sister who is years old and one brother who is years old .

S I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .

C I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .

S One of the best place I ever visited is Leksand in Dalarna .

C One of the best places have visited is Leksand , Dalarna .

S ( It is my country place ) I like it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .

C ( It is my country place . I like it because it is the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .

S Three words that describe me is : Sporty , friendly and happy .

C Three words that describe me are sporty friendly and happy .

S One of my favourite books are Diary of a Wimpy Kid .

C One of my favourite books is of a Wimpy Kid .

S I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .

C I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .

S My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and of course English .

C My favourite subjects at school are , geography , and , course , .

S The location of the restaurant is fantastic , just in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .

C The location of the restaurant is fantastic , right the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .

S Decoration is not too modern , but not too classic , it has a comfortable atmosphere .

C The decor not too modern , but not too classic . It a comfortable atmosphere .

S The menú es very well constructed , and food is based on local products .

C The menu well constructed , and the is based on local products .

S Prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .

C The prices more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .

S Dear Carlos Sotelo ,

C Dear Mr ,

S I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .

C I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .

S In the gym they are many people .

C In the gym there many people .

S The days that we have to do sports if the weather is good we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .

C On the that we have to do sports , the weather is good , do it outside , if the weather is bad , have to do them the gym .

S That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .

C On a lot of and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .

S Apart from this problem we have another problem that it is important too .

C Apart from this problem , have another problem that important too .

S This problem is that some aparatus are brouken and the paint is bad .

C This problem is that some apparatus broken the paint is bad .

S For me the solutions to that 's problems are esey .

C For me , solutions to these are easy

S In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .

C With first problem , should timetable order to have one at

S And the solution for the second problem is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .

C And the solution to second problem is that you should maintenance year .

S I hope your positive awnser to me .

C I look forward to positive answer

S yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .

C Yours , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .

S Mrs Gate

C Dear Gate

S I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea to our new school project is really interesting .

C I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea for new school project is really interesting .

S I am exicited about the idea to be with and interview other students from different parts of the world .

C I am excited the idea of and interviewing students from different parts of the world .

S On June 21st Is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist .Can we set the meeting for the next week ?

C 21st is for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist . Can set the meeting for the next week ?

S Hope to hear from you soon

C Hope to hear from you soon

S Anna

C Anna

S In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .

C In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were and they to 620 in the second quarter . In third quarter , stayed and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As can see , were very unstable

S I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .

C I just want to express I think is , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of being away seeing your closest person has is the most painful feeling .

S Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a new comer of IMAS .

C Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a newcomer .

S I am a local from Taipei .

C I am a local from Taipei .

S It 's my pleasure to be part of you here , my major is actually not relevant to social Sciences , I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .

C It 's my pleasure to join here . My is actually not relevant to Social . really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .

S I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester , I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .

C I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester . believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .

S Thank you !

C Thank you !

S My Life in University

C My Life at

S The life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting things .

C Life involves lot of difficult and interesting things .

S Of course , everything always have two - faced .

C Of course , everything always have two sides

S When I live in university , my life has become change a lot of .

C Now that live at , my life has lot

S Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying- studying by myself .

C Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying - by yourself

S In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .

C In addition , my major is English , teachers and explain in , and could keep with well at

S I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .

C I was very unsure and I make friends well , I think that it was difficult to ask teachers or friends .

S I always try to find out reasons which take a lot of time .

C I always try to find out reasons , takes lot of time .

S Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .

C Moreover , I need to improve my skills , as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They me to keep with teacher ' s lessons

S Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .

C Secondly , studying at , I have to live a long way home makes , sad , and worried . have to live in a with many strange people They very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .

S It 's not convenient .

C It 's not convenient .

S Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of time to finish everything before I star learning .

C Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes . have to lot of time before I start

S The first time living here , i used to called my family and complained about here 's life .

C When I first , I to call family and complain life here

S However , life 's university have many conveniences .

C However , university life conveniences .

S Living alone , I have to manage money well .

C Living alone , I have to manage money well .

S Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully that I 'm really necessary or not .

C Before I want to pay something , I always think carefully about 's necessary or not .

S Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .

C Sometimes , I nearly ran out of money I was really worried , I have to spend sensibly

S When I living alone , I have to save money because there are many situations which I have to slove without family , and you can become a good person with many good characters such as confident , independent , friendly .

C Living , I have to save money , there are many situations which I have to deal with family , and you can become a good person with many good characteristics as confidence independence friendliness

S Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them so it 's very difficult to be independent .

C Because my family always did for me when I lived with them , very difficult to be independent .

S But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problem , manage money , wash clothes by myself .

C But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problems manage money , wash clothes by myself .

S In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class have to stand in front of class and speak English .

C In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class stand in front of the and speak English .

S Living alone you have to make friends when you 're sad .

C Living alone , have to make friends when you 're sad .

S Studying new lessons from society .

C Learning lessons from society .

S Jogging the sport in the nature

C Jogging : sport in

S My favourite sport is jogging .

C My favourite sport is jogging .

S During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .

C While am , can think about all the daily things my life .

S When I am in a bad mood I go jogging outside and hear how the birds singing .

C When I am in a bad mood , go jogging outside and hear birds singing .

S For me jogging is very stressless .

C For me , is very stressless .

S At one day I go alone for me , so I can calm down or think through .

C On day I might alone so I can calm down or think things .

S At an other day I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .

C On , go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .

S Jogging is a sport you can start it every day .

C Jogging is a sport you can start .

S You do n't need a lot of aquitment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .

C You do n't need a lot of equipment so you do n't have to buy a lot .

S I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging but a little bit slowler .

C I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging , a little bit slower

S You have to notice that and go tomorrow jogging .

C You have to consider go jogging tomorrow

S It is never too late to start .

C It is never too late to start .

S Have fun !

C Have fun !

S It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer of her office for coming back home .

C It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer in office to home .

S Suddenly Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .

C Suddenly , sees , through windows , a 30-year - old . He tall and is wearing century clothes . He John , a known vampire who lives in that district .

S He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .

C He had 's investigation office to to look into some murders had recently .

S It was murdered four vampires .

C Four vampires had been murdered

S Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the charge .

C Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the case

S Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .

C Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .

S After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .

C After the agreement , Agatha goes home and immediately Michael to to come her house

S When he arrives she tells him the event .

C When he arrives she tells him about occurrence

S Michael , that is a policeman , decides to help her .

C Michael , who a policeman , decides to help her .

S Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's undergrounds .

C Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's cellar

S Convoyed by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents found .

C Accompanied Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents she has .

S Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty .

C Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient guilty party

S Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .

C Irritated , John understands difficulties and , , he calls Agatha without Michael to another important thing .

S While Michael goes out in John 's eyes comes a red touch .

C While Michael goes out , red light appears in John 's eyes

S Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .

S We had taken lunch , so we started a little walk .

C We had had , so we started a little walk .

S Then , we saw an eagle flying in the sky .

C Then saw an eagle flying in the sky .

S We had never seen such a beautiful eagle like that .

C We had never seen such a beautiful eagle as .

S Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .

C Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .

S Therefore , he climbed a tree .

C Therefore , he climbed a tree .

S Suddenly , when he was trying to focus the eagle with the camera , he fell down .

C Suddenly , when he was trying to focus on eagle with the camera , he fell

S There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .

C There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .

S One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .

C One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .

S If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .

C If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .

S Another reason is that you can hear the music that you like in your car .

C Another reason is that you can listen to music that you like in your car .

S For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .

C For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .

S My name is Monika , and I 'm 21 years old .

C My name is Monika I 'm 21 years old .

S I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .

C I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .

S I have a lot of interest but my favourite is volleyball .

C I have a lot of interests , my favourite is volleyball .

S Volleyball is a discipline which I practise for 6 years .

C Volleyball is a discipline which I have been practising 6 years .

S An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is complete with much world fame painters .

C An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is full famous

S It 's very large and has special lights at greek performers room mainly .

C It 's very large and has special lights in the ' mainly .

S This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual time .

C This museum houses historical collection of the Spanish family from ago to the present .

S You can see there some of the most greatest teachers painters .

C There you can see of the teachers painters

S The car is very easy

C The car is very easy .

S I have a car and I can go a lot of places , because it is fast .

C I have a car and I can go to lot of places , because it is fast .

S The public transport is slow and have got much people .

C The public transport is slow and has a lot of .

S I prefer walk , because the bus , helicomter , metro is very polluting .

C I prefer walking because the bus , helicopter and are polluting .

S The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor

C The pollution is the first with

S Long time ago , in a small village in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell you .

C A long ago , in a small village in Spain , story I 'm going to tell you happened

S A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash up our clothes .

C A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash clothes .

S He was trying to switch it on again and again but the machine did n't work .

C He tried switch it on again and again , the machine did n't work .

S Suddenly , a man in black told us if we were putting the machine into the electricity .

C Suddenly , a man in black told us that should machine into the electricity .

S Michael face was awfully red .

C Michael 's was awfully red .

S He was very embarrassed .

C He was very embarrassed .

S Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .

C Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You also do so " . Today 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays and will what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .

S hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit

C hello John good days what we need to make delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the cake that we want , as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .

S While I was ringing the bell the neighbourh 's dog stared to bark .

C While I was ringing the bell , neighbour dog started bark .

S It looked like afraid and nervous .

C It looked and nervous .

S It was like whether it was waiting for a terrorific event .

C It was like was waiting for a terrifying .

S I stayed in front ofthe door during forty minutes and I rang again and again .

C I stood front of the for minutes and I rang again and again .

S Nodody opened .

C Nobody .

S I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I will go to his house that evening .

C I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I would to his house that evening .

S I would suppose that he was waiting for me .

C I would expect he was waiting for me .

S I look through the Windows and I could see a suspicion shadow .

C I looked the windows I could see a suspicious .

S I thought he might be Michael and I became shout his name .

C I thought he might be Michael and I started to his name .

S When Michael saw me he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake

C When Michael saw me , opened door , but closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,

C Dear Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing to you to apply to the position of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .

C I am writing to you to apply for position at a as advertised in the newspaper .

S I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professional experience .

C I am an architect have 5 years of professional experience .

S I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we

C I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we

S there are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I had liked it when i was young .

C There many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I it when I young .

S i remember that the first present my mother gave me was the badminton racket .

C I that the first present my mother gave me was a racket .

S I was really surprised .

C I was really surprised .

S Because I do n't know how to use it .

C Because I did know how to use it .

S From that day , my older brother taught me to play with it .

C From that day , my older brother taught me to play .

S I often play it about 2 hours in the afternoon .

C I often play it for 2 hours in the afternoon .

S And now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I will feel bored .

C And now , if one I do n't have any practice I bored .

S I see that it 's good for my health .

C I see that it 's good for my health .

S It helps me be stronger and more active .

C It helps me be stronger and more active .

S As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .

C As you know , doing benefits . You join club and have more friends .

S Moreover , if you have a good ability you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .

C Moreover , if you have ability , can compete a competition to try your best . I am a member of a club in the city . If 're interested in badminton , and enjoy yourself .

S Dear Anne ,

C Dear Anne ,

S Thanks your letter asking about the Young people are interested .

C Thanks for letter asking about what young are interested in

S Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggeton as they can dance together .

C Saying that the music that they like is pop music and reggaeton they can dance together .

S Also , the televisin programmes that they watch are the reality show .

C Also , the television that they watch are shows

S This programmes are fashionable .

C These are fashionable .

S Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .

C In addition regarding , wear a dress , .

S Everyone wear that he wants .

C Everyone wears wants .

S See you soon ,

C See you soon ,

S Fatima

C Fatima

S My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .

C My nightmare journey took in August

S I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .

C My family and I returning that we spent the seaside .

S We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for UEFA European Championship .

C We were going to Gdańsk see the stadium was built for the European Championship .

S We were saw the stadium , backed to car and wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .

C We the stadium , returned the and wanted to drive Bydgoszcz .

S Bydgoszcz is my family city and destination of this journey .

C Bydgoszcz is my hometown the of this journey .

S Sadly our car was crushed ... in big and busy intersection !

C Sadly our car broke at a and busy intersection !

S This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and motor , but electronics in car stopped worked .

C This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and a , but the in the stopped working

S This was very scared !

C This was very scary

S We were n't have speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dangerous situation .

C We did have a , blinkers and lights ; was a dangerous situation .

S We were stopped on the side and looked for solution .

C We on the side of the road looked for a .

S My father was rung for friends but unfortunately no one could help us .

C My father rang unfortunately no one could help us .

S We must took risk and went to nearest market .

C We had to a and went to the market .

S In parking in front of this building very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .

C In the park front of this building a nice and crazy old man us and charged the our car .

S This was worked and we could backed to drove .

C This and we could return driving

S We were very scared because car could crushed again at any moment .

C We were very scared because the could break down at any moment .

S For this reason we were n't using a motorway .

C For this reason , did n't use motorway .

S Fortunetly we were backed to home healthy and happy but very very tired .

C Fortunately , returned and happy but very very tired .

S To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .

C To pursue a career which is relevant to the of Mechanics expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I love to have and yearn the sense of accomplishment .

S Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .

C Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .

S This report shows the sorts of shop which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava .

C This report shows the sorts of shops are located Moral de Calatrava .

S 1 . Shopping cheaply .

C 1 . Shopping cheaply .

S It is though that Chinnesse shops are the cheapest by far .

C It is thought Chinese are the cheapest by far .

S We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .

C We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .

S But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products until a little furniture .

C But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products to

S 2 . Fashion in little towns .

C 2 . Fashion in small .

S Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .

C Traditional clothes : that kind of clothing be expensive , if you want to live like in the past , you can put on those clothes you will have great although those went out of style many ago .

S Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .

C Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop where can find a lot of and Spanish designers

S If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialited in that .

C If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialised that .

S 3 . Farmer markets .

C 3 . Farmer 's .

S Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which had been grown up by local farmers .

C Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which have grown local farmers .

S That is the reason why its price is so low .

C That is the reason why their is so low .

S Some pieces of advice :

C Some pieces of advice :

S -Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spent too much if you do n't need it .

C -Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spend much if you do n't need to

S -Be careful .

C -Be careful .

S If you look like a foreign people , local people can try to rip you off .

C If you look like a foreign person local people could to rip you off .

S -If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate .

C -If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate

S my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .

C My tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They us with buses , are friends to the environment , offer the tickets for these at cheap price . They try find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by . Also , the time to find the best way to our village clean ; they throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens They also care of the fuel in their cars to not bad for the environment . So it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside government .

S There are many accidentally problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .

C There are many accidental encountered by international students studying in Australia .

S It is believed that the most important one of the problem is culture barrier .

C It is believed that the most important one the barrier .

S Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .

C Because of different cultural , the speaking international who come from different countries are different

S Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .

C Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .

S For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify citizen drive on the left of the road .

C For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China . However Australian that on the left of the road .

S Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person who leave their own country getting away from family members and close friends .

C Secondly , loneliness can a big problem when a person own country , from family members and close friends .

S Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .

C Thirdly , students may not accustomed to western eating habits , burgers , pizza and bread . of unfamiliar environment , may lack a of security .

S There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .

C There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .

S The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .

C The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are by of same nationality , that they may not feel lonely . At same time , can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian , order to fit in .

S I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .

C I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .

S I would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .

C It be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .

S I 'm studying teach at college so I want to be a teacher .

C I 'm studying teaching college because want to be a teacher .

S When I finished my studies I will stay a long hours with children .

C When I finish studies I will spend with children .

S My best skills are dealing with people as well as I am able do two things at the same time .

C My best skills are dealing with people as well as being to two things at the same time .

S I take care of them so it feels me a useful person .

C I take care of them and makes me feel like useful person .

S I think about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .

C I have been thinking some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .

S For instance we could swimming on the beach , we could .

C For instance , could go at beach

S Evening we could tell them horror histories besides we could play with gestures .

C In the evenings could tell them horror histories . Also , could play with gestures

S In addition we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .

C In addition , could play outdoor games and they could landscape painting

S About working in the kitchen It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .

C About working in the kitchen . is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .

S I am willing to cook lot of different meals for them .

C I am willing to cook a of different meals for them .

S I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfactory .

C I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfying

S I enjoy cooking so I always make different kinds of food .

C I enjoy cooking , I always make different kinds of food .

S I think that I 'm a suitable person to look out them because I am quite responsible .

C I think that I 'm a suitable person to look after because I am quite responsible .

S I 'm an energetic and a responsible person .

C I 'm an energetic and person .

S whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .

C If have questions about me , 'd be glad to answer them

S I 'm a hard - working person so that 's why I never have time to relax .

C I 'm a hard - working person , that 's why I never have time to relax .

S As children love playing I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .

C As children love playing , think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .

S If you have me a chance I will be very glad .

C If you give a chance I will be very pleased

S To whom it may concern ,

C To whom it may concern ,

S My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's job position .

C My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's .

S I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .

C I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .

S I have a special interest in arts and crafts .

C I have a special interest in arts and crafts .

S I am a responsible person who can cope in crisis .

C I am a responsible person who can cope in a .

S I took a first aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .

C I took a First last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .

S Also , I have good sociable skills and can speak two languages , English and Spanish .

C Also , I have good social and can speak two languages ; and Spanish .

S My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .

C My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .

S Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate a lot to send me this information .

C Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I would it lot if you this information .

S I look forward to hearing from you .

C I look forward to hearing from you .

S Kind regards ,

C Kind regards ,

S Margarita Varela

C Margarita Varela

S A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I mean Cricket .

C The of gentlemen is my favourite game . Yes , mean cricket

S In my country we follow cricket as a religion .

C In my country , follow cricket like religion .

S Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and rest batsman and bowler .

C Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and the are bowlers

S Player who can bat and bowl is called all - rounder .

C A player can bat and bowl is called an - rounder .

S This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket and Twenty - Twenty .

C This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket , Twenty - Twenty .

S Test cricket is old format and I love this format as it really tests the players skills and only best player can get success in this format .

C Test cricket is an format and I love this format as it really tests the players ' and only the player can achieve in this format .

S But as this takes 5 days many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .

C But as this takes 5 days , people do n't have time to watch this game and its losing popularity with the .

S One day cricket is played often .

C One day cricket is played often .

S My favourite sport is football .I think , this game is the most enjoyable .

C My favourite sport is football . I game is the most enjoyable .

S Its popularity spreads all over world too .

C Its popularity has spread over the too .

S There are many reasons behind it to be popular .

C There are many reasons behind it being .

S Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout of this game the session .

C Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout game

S The people who eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :

C People are to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :

S 1.A football player should be punctual and hard - working .

C 1 . A player should be punctual and hard - working .

S 2.He should be disciplined .

C 2 . He be disciplined .

S 3.During his playing time , he sought to give his full concentration .

C 3 . During playing time , he must his full concentration .

S Hi , I 'm sangjin .

C Hi , I 'm Sangjin

S Do you have any Diffrent eating customs ?

C Do you have any different customs ?

S If you have any specially eating customs , will you tell me ?

C If you have any special customs , will you tell me ?

S Because , It 's my project .

C 's my project .

S So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .

C So . I need more information eating customs in

S In Korea , we usually ues Chopsticks when we eat Meal ald spoon as well .

C In Korea , we usually use we eat meals well .

S Have you ever used Chopsticks ?

C Have you ever used chopsticks

S It may difficult for you .

C It may be for you .

S When I was young , I could n't use it .

C When I was young , I could n't use them

S So , I have to Leand to use Chopsticks to eat .

C So , I have to learn use chopsticks eat .

S Also .

C Also ,

S we Have Meal Manners .

C we have

S When we Have meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .

C When we have , we n't eat before our and people start to eat .

S we think it 's Improtant meal manners .

C We it 's important respect manners .

S Well .

C Well .

S Have you ever heard Stamina food ?

C Have you ever heard of ?

S When your feel is really Pusillanimous .

C When you weak

S Then ?

C Then ?

S We eat special stamina food .

C We eat special stamina food .

S We have many stamina food , I think dogs meat is good stamina food than another meats .

C We have many stamina foods think dog is a better food than another meats .

S Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .

C This is because when was young , my fed to every summer season

S And they said it 's a really good for your health .

C And they said it 's good for your health .

S So , every summer I have been eating it for 12years .

C So , I have eaten it every summer 12 years

S I have to Presentation this project next Monday .

C I have to present project next Monday .

S So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners also stamina food as well .

C So , tell me as soon as possible country 's special customs and manners , food as well .

S Hi ,

C Hi ,

S I think that for people who want learning English Write and Improve it is great !

C I think that for people who want to learn Write and Improve great !

S I like it very much , it is very useful for me .

C I like it very much . It very useful for me .

S I tried it last weekend and I will use it all days ! if I used that every day I would improve in a short time !

C I tried it last weekend and I will use it every day if I used it day , would improve in a short time !

S Thank you for that advice .

C Thank you for that advice .

S Chiara

C Chiara

S There is no doubt that the man 's lives are evolved .

C There is no doubt that 's lives have .

S All thanks to new creations technologies , the innovation in the field of medicines and the new scientific discoveres .

C All thanks to new , in the field of medicine scientific discoveries

S To my mind our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Internet ..

C To my mind , lives have improved in these years smartphones satnav , digital TV , the ..

S Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !

C Let 's imagine twenty - first century teenager Middle Ages n't get out alive without Wi - fii !

S First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .

C First of all , the next 50 years 's lives resemble all this

S As far as I 'm concerned we would be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in addition the globalization will lose cultural traditions of each country .

C As far as I 'm concerned , will submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft . In , destroy traditions of each country .

S On the one hand I 'm for development on the other hand I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .

C On the one hand , 'm for progress On other hand , hope the new not destroy the old .

S Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .

C Often , a to , hope that in the coming will past .

S Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .

C Apart from that , imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots of a restaurant .

S To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !

C To conclude , ca n't think what things do , hope they the world better !

S Hi there ,

C Dear Sir / Madam

S I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .

C I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .

S I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am the perfect for this post .

C I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am for this post .

S I 'm a veteran camper

C I 'm a veteran camper

S and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful but I 'm also professional so I know how to take care of the children .

C and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful , I 'm also professional , I know how to take care of .

S I am an experienced cooker so I can also cook for the children , I am also a good singer so we can sing songs together with the children .

C I am an experienced cook I can also cook for the children . am also a good singer , we can sing songs together with the children .

S So tell me what you think and let me know .

C So tell me what you think and let me know .

S I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .

S Your friend ,

C Your friend ,

S Peter Hansen

C Peter Hansen

S I can not agree with the statment of " no future for public transport " provided that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .

C I can not agree with the statement there is no future for public transport " given the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .

S First of all , the public transport is more rather convenient than irvate car .

C First of all , transport is rather more than a .

S The subway reaches most part of the London , and people can travel many places .

C The subway reaches most parts , and people can travel to places .

S The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .

C The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging

S Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .

C Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .

S The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , especially from many years to nowadays .

C The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , especially from many years to nowadays

S That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must take it under control and solve it .

C That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must get under control and solve it .

S We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transports that invade cities worldwide .

C We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transport invades worldwide .

S However , we can already fight this - waiting the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example taking advantage of public transports .

C However , we can already fight this - waiting for development advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . For , advantage of public transport

S The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .

C The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .

S Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of seas and rivers .

C Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of the and rivers .

S Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .

C Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .

S This is caused by the waste of factories , but also by the damages that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .

C This is caused by the waste from , but also by the damage tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .

S In addition , what about domestic wastes , which are our reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , because each of us , in our own small , is a great damage for the environment .

C In addition , what about domestic waste which is reality ? We should all learn to manage our waste because each of us , in our own small way is a great threat environment .

S In conclusion , I think it is never too late for saving our wonderful world .

C In conclusion , I think it is never too late to wonderful world .

S Why not do it now ?

C Why not do it now ?

S Hello Joe

C Hello Joe

S It 's good to hear from you !

C It 's good to hear from you !

S Well , in my hometown there is about a little more than half a million people .

C Well , in my hometown there are a little more than half a million people .

S The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .

C The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .

S But if you leave the city about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .

C But if you leave the city and travel 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .

S My best regards !

C My best regards !

S Thais

C Thais

S When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to

C When you have the to read a book and , that moment , are searching for a job , can find a lot of because you can develop you compare yourself another person who too

S My favourite restaurant is situated in Modugno .

C My favourite restaurant is Modugno .

S It 's placed in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .

C It 's located a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .

S The furniture consists in a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red clothes .

C The furniture consists of set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red cloths

S The restaurant appears very elegant and traditional .

C The restaurant looks elegant and traditional .

S Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .

C Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .

S The owner prefers to leave on only the TV , but often the dining room is silent .

C The owner prefers to leave only the TV on but often the dining room is silent .

S In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .

C In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .

S I find it appreciable : I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .

C I find it appreciable I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .

S Despite this , the resaturant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hanged up to the walls .

C Despite this , the restaurant decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hung on walls .

S I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking to .

C I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking at

S You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .

C You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .

S Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .

C Everything is delicious and very tasty especially the : they dress in many different ways . try a different meal every time I go there .

S At last , it is not expensive at all .

C Finally it is not expensive at all .

S she finally felt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .

C She felt that she was , she could do anything she wanted and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .

S The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .

C The thoughts which people put in her mind were . She n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought to the point that they her hate herself .

S The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .

C The words they said to her were they colored her life . 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it them all as she just hated the way

S that 's it , not for being non clever .

C That it , not because of non - .

S being unsuccessful in studying is a horrible thing , it affects man badly .

C Being at is a horrible thing , it affects people .

S That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .

C That was me . never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a deal to me . hated seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . knew that I was enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , they did n't get that . They me for my marks , marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are the only way that makes you great now or future .

S whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .

C Whatever high school , senior year here in our country identifies future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for knowledge , so I got I do best this year so my future would better . And happened . showed them all that I can do whatever I want , if the things I was n't see me , and that all my previous marks were my best . I got a score and entered The faculty of Engineering , was the top college .

S People thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .

C People 's have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite . Just n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours as you have of your life not anyone else .

S your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .

C Your are the only ones that will make the difference so take care only of them believe in yourself so you can prestige you 're looking for .

S Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up and continue in the successful life , Fight .

C Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up , continue in a life . .

S Hello camps !

C Hello camps

S I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty four years .

C I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - years old

S I read this news , now .

C I read this announcement

S I am interested in the work .

C I am interested in the work .

S I am studying primary education because I love children .

C I am studying primary education because I love children .

S I would like to play with the children , to practise sport and we can dance with them .

C I would like to play with the children , to do and with them .

S I could help in the kitchen , too .

C I could help in the kitchen , too .

S I love cook .

C I love cooking

S My best dishes are chicken and omelets .

C My best dishes are chicken and omelets .

S I hope that we could work together .

C I hope that we can together .

S I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a good time and we laugh a lot of .

C I promise that if I go to the , we will a good time and we will a lot

S Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .

C Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .

S Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time you check it .

C Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time as check it .

S I intend to write every day for practice my writing .

C I intend to write every day to writing .

S I believe that it 's a good thing to share to everyone .

C I believe that it 's a good thing to share with .

S You should shout it from the rooftops !

C You should shout it from the rooftops !

S In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .

C On earth , hundreds millions of

S Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .

C Apart from . a large amount wildlife .

S All of us need air\water and food .

C All of us need air , water food .

S Humans life also want house , And transport facilities .

C Humans want houses and facilities .

S A great number of bulidings stand in land ,

C A great number of buildings on the ,

S Even the please probably shold belong to animals .

C even though place should to animals .

S We build road to us and make the life easy and better .

C We build roads and make easy and better .

S However , we forget the one importent thing , The earth is belong to all life .

C However , we forget the one important : the all life .

S Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .

C Our flats houses the other lose it leads environmental deterioration

S We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .

C We make transport . However we take away other animal s '

S THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .

C THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER . WAS BORN IN 1970 . PARENTS TELL ME WAS BOY HE WAS A CHILD

S THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .

C THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP MEDICINE RUSSIA . LIVED THERE 7 YEARS .

S HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OUR .

C HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS

S MY PARENTS AND MY ARE FELLING PROUD FOR HIM .

C MY PARENTS AND I OF .

S NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .

C NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL HAS A BEAUTIFUL .

S I 'm living in Taiwan , Taichung .

C I live Taiwan , Taichung .

S How is the area to take care of the environment ?

C How does area care of the environment ?

S It build a lot of facilities for residents .

C It builds lot of facilities for residents .

S For example : Lots of Bicycles .

C For example , bicycles

S This provide people who want to go to a place that distance is not too long .

C This are provided for who want to go to a place that not too far away

S And it face another question : morality .

C And it raises question : morality .

S People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes become less and less .

C People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes to less and less .

S But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much that thing .

C But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much about

S Second facility is public bus .

C The second is public buses

S Large of bus all around the city .

C Large numbers buses around the city .

S When students finish their class , they take but to home .

C When students finish their classes they take the

S Worker are off duty , taking bus to home , too .

C Workers , when they off duty , take the , too .

S And when the weekend is coming .

C And when the weekend is coming .

S Family can take the bus to place to place , instead of driving .

C Family can take the bus from to place , instead of driving .

S It makes farther or mother more convenient !

C It makes a mother 's life convenient !

S Third , lots of green area .

C Third , lots of green areas

S Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .

C Taichung has of trees park .

S So when children are playing around these tree , they can feel more healthy with pure air .

C So when children are playing around these trees they can feel more healthy with clean .

S And that 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .

C And let talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .

S Taiwan has a complete traffic system .

C Taiwan has a complete traffic system .

S Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and air plant .

C Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and aeroplane

S People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , you can use all of these facilities .

C People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , use all of these facilities .

S And lots of city government advocate protecting animals .

C And lots of city administrations protecting animals .

S Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee

C Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee

S I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement for working in summer camps in the USA .

C I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement about in summer camps in the USA .

S I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer because I love to look after children , learn things to them and sport with them .

C I would really doing this job in the summer , I love to look after children , teach things do with them .

S Since I was 13 I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .

C Since I was 13 , 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .

S I also would like to do this because I have always been wanting to visit the United States and I love to sport .

C I also would like to do this because I have always wanted visit the United States and I love .

S I can work really hard if its needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and look after children .

C I can work really hard if it 's and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am a person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and looking children .

S Kind regards ,

C Kind regards ,

S Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands

C Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands

S It was directed by Richard Curtis .

C It was directed by Richard Curtis .

S This movie is called " About Time " .

C This movie is called " About Time " .

S The main character is Tim .

C The main character is Tim .

S When he was 21 yeasr old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .

C When he was 21 years , his father told him something about his family 's secret .

S It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .

C It 's quite a sounds because his father , grandfather , and great - grandfather travelled .

S He could n't believe that .

C He could n't believe that .

S But it 's so simple .

C But it 's so simple .

S Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .

C Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck fist .

S After the action , he can go to the time in the past .

C After the action , he can go to a in the past .

S After he knew the truth , he moves to London for his job .

C After he knew the truth , he moved London for his job .

S He tried to go out with her .

C He tried to go out with her .

S So he used to his ability travel time for his family .

C So he used to ability to travel his family .

S Finally , he married Marry .

C Finally , he married Marry .

S After the married , He and his family face a difficult situation .

C After they , he his family faced difficult situation .

S He always to fix the problem , but his father says to him .

C He wants fix the problem , but his father says to him ,

S If you have a great time with your family and co - worker , it is not necessary to travel time .

C " you have a great time with your family and co - workers it is not necessary to time travel

S Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .

C Just enjoy your life by day , and be ordinary day . "

S He realized that 's means .

C He realized what .

S I watched this movie several times , after I arrived in the UK .

C I watched this movie several times I arrived in the UK .

S It 's good for studying English as well as the plot .

C It 's good for studying English as well as for plot .

S If you like a good drama , you will love it .

C If you like a good drama , you will love it .

S I 'm sure , you would be like this movie .

C I 'm sure would this movie .

S I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .

C I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .

S This school located in Marin , where is in north Spain near Pontevedra .

C This school is in Marin , which in northern near Pontevedra .

S The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .

C The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .

S And it has been established in 1943.Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine crop .

C And it was in 1943 . Moreover there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine corps

S Students have to study two parts which are engineering part and military part .

C Students have to study two parts , are the part and the part .

S In engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .

C In the part , there are a lot of laboratories , which us to easily subjects as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .

S In military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corp .

C In the part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corps

S And the are a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .

C And there lot of equipment for the navy cadets .

S For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .

C For example , the planetarium in a navigation for learning the position of stars four small boats used navigation in the river , or even the simulation for creating arise

S To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a lot of equipment for teaching the future officers .

C To sum up , the military academy has lot of equipment for teaching officers .

S On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .

C On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .

S But , I am really proud of my school .

C But , I am really proud of my school .

S There give me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in the future career .

C It a lot of knowledge which I need to use in my career .

S A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer use your own car to go to the work , school , and whatever .

C A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer to their car to go to , school , or .

S Some people have your own car , but prefer use public transport .

C Some people have their car , but prefer to public transport .

S Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .

C Today , roads are lot of cars , buses motorcycles and kinds transportation .

S All the people should use your own car to go somewhere just when it 's necessary , because each car on the street is bad to our environment .

C All should use their cars go somewhere only it 's necessary , because each car on the road bad for environment .

S All the people should use public transport to reduce the number of the cars on the street

C All should use public transport to reduce the number of on the road

S I know a good restaurant .its name " moon light " it is locatedin Abbas elakad st .

C I know a good restaurant . Its is Moonlight . It located in elakad St.

S It is large , clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi

C It is large , clean and comfortable has air conditioning and internet wifi .

S it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant

C It kinds of delicious foods , meat , chicken , if you want something , will find it there . It suitable for my class because it is different any other restaurant .

S In my city there is an old town who was declared in 1986 World Beautiful City .

C In my city there is an old town which declared in 1986 World 's Most City .

S One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .

C One of the most famous the Churruca Earl Palace , which a medieval tower with ( the rest of the towers in the city do have them the Muslims took them out ) .

S As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .

C It is also because , the War , Franco lived for a week .

S There is an office with so many things that he had there .

C There is an office with so many things that he had there .

S If you want you can visit it .

C If you want , can visit it .

S Nowadays the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .

C Nowadays , Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .

S The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular type of translation nowadays .

C The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular types translation nowadays .

S Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints with which translators must agonise .

C Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints over translators must agonise .

S But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .

C But there variety of techniques which help tackle problems .

S So , I will elaborate on this subject .

C So , I will elaborate on this subject .

S The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pun a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one language into another .

C The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of puns stylistic feature how puns are transferred one language into another .

S In extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbing version .

C As an of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbed .

S I live in Serdobsk .

C I live in Serdobsk .

S The people in my town take care of the environment .

C The people in my town take care of the environment .

S The garbage cans are about each home .

C The garbage cans are around home .

S Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .

C Garbage trucks them up .

S There are many a small garbage cans about cafe , stores , and other public place .

C There are many garbage cans around stores , and other public places

S Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .

C Every morning , truck roads and pavements

S The advance of technology in the last years has been awesome .

C The advance of technology in recent has been awesome .

S The first computers was created in 1946 for John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .

C The first computer created in 1946 by W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .

S In 1960 , computers were very basic .

C In 1960 , computers were very basic .

S They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .

C They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .

S Its keyboard had a lot of buttons and its screen did n't have any colours .

C The had a lot of buttons and the did n't have any colours .

S Computers did n't have any programmes and resulted limited , boring and tedious .

C Computers did n't have any programs as a result were , boring and tedious .

S In the present , computers are multifuncional .

C These days computers are multifunctional

S For example , they have Internet access .

C For example , they have Internet access .

S WiFi , port USB , among other things .

C WiFi , USB port among other things .

S These computers are very popular .

C These computers are very popular .

S They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use it .

C They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use them

S Its screen has colours and HD

C Their has colours and HD .

S Hi Maxi !

C Hi Maxi !

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S In my last week went to Florida with my family .

C In my last week , I to Florida with my family .

S I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .

C I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .

S Then there went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .

C Then we to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .

S My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends .

C My brother went to the NBA league and saw Arenas vs Orlando match . now I am going my house and then I 'm going to invite friends over

S Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .

C Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .

S See you next weekend !

C See you next weekend !

S IGNACIO

C IGNACIO

S In my opinion , the public transport has future because this is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .

C In my opinion , transport has a because it cheaper than other modes of , also it pollutes less

S The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .

C The car is a more comfortable mode of transport transport , it not sustainable , its cost is higher , if all people travel car , the will be very polluted

S Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .

C Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public usually has its own lane , while if you use a , you take time there is lot of in your lane .

S Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .

C Another mode of that could commonly in the future is the bike . This mode of is cheap and ecological . Also more and more the cities are building a lot of lanes , it a good alternative .

S For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new transports could change this situation .

C For travelling to cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the most used mode of transport although modes of change this situation .

S For the finish , I think that the transport most use in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike and for travelling enter cities the car will remain the most used .

C Finally I think that the most used mode of transport the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike , for travelling between , car will remain the most used .

S Dear James !

C Dear James ,

S Thank you for inviting me there !

C Thank you for inviting me

S It was really enjoyable and funny .

C It was really enjoyable and fun

S I was especially delighted with national music and Latin American dances .

C I was especially delighted with the music and Latin American dances .

S I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .

C I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .

S Bye !

C Bye !

S Your dear , Vitaly

C Your dear Vitaly

S There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

C There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

S Now a day , more and more people have their own car .

C Nowadays more and more people have their own car .

S When they go out for work or other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .

C When they go or for purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .

S People do n't need to wait for public transport if they were driving their own cars .

C People do n't need to wait for public transport if they are their own cars .

S It is not only convenient but also time saving .

C It is not only convenient , also time - .

S With these benefits , it seems that there will be less and less people willing to take the public transport .

C With these benefits , it seems that there will be fewer fewer willing to take transport .

S Dear sir ,

C Dear sir ,

S I am writing to you about the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily .

C I am writing to you about the advertisement Mirror newspaper

S I am really very interested in the job of your summer camp , I have worked during seven months in Spain in a similar job .

C I am really very interested in the job on summer camp . have worked for months in Spain in a similar job .

S I can speak severeal languages like spanish , English and Rusian .

C I can speak several , Spanish English and Russian

S by the time i have stutied a degree in journalism .

C by the time studied for degree in journalism .

S I am available to start to work inmeditely .

C I am available to start to work immediately

S I looking forward to hearing from you soon .

C I am forward to hearing from you soon .

S Your faitfully .

C Your faithfully

S Rafa

C Rafa

S My favourite sport is football .

C My favourite sport is football .

S I play this sport since I was child , and today I still love it .

C I have played sport since I was a , and today I still love it .

S The dream of every person that play this sport , as well as a hobby , is to make it a profession , but very few people did it .

C The dream of every person that plays sport , is to make it a profession as well as a hobby but very few people make .

S Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .

C Nowadays , play football twice a week , on and Friday , because for me it has a .

S I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .

C I like to play football because , me , as well as a , it a to stand back world , from problems I have to face every day and at the end , makes me calm and happy .

S I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as me , one moment to distract from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .

C I recommend this sport to everyone because it could be , as it is for , a to distract you the world , a to spend without thinking about tomorrow

S The football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .

C Football be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .

S Trust me , I 'll be right .

C Trust me , I 'm .

S My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in health care sector and chemistry , as well as strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .

C My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in the care sector and chemistry , as well as a theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .

S This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .

C This undergraduate work along with professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals a scientific career .

S Dear Kennedy

C Dear Kennedy

S I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .

C I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .

S I am glad to tell you that i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .

C I am glad to tell you that I able to come February 16th at 10:00am . I would it you could reserve a parking space for me .

S Could you please tell me how long will be the interview ?

C Could you please tell me how long the interview will be

S Kind regards

C Kind regards

S Andrés Fernández

C Andrés Fernández

S I Live in Egypt .

C I Live in Egypt .

S It has a lot of historical places .

C It has a lot of historical places .

S The most historical place is the Pyramids , they were built since more than 7000 years ago .

C The most historical place is the Pyramids . They built than 7000 years ago .

S If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .

C If any tourist decides visit the Pyramids , he / she should riding a horse buggy .

S Also having some pictures will be a great idea .

C Also , pictures will be a great idea .

S The pyramids are famous because of the way they are built , it was a great job by the Egyptians .

C The pyramids are famous because of the way they were It a great job by the Egyptians .

S Many people think that for badly behaviour of young people are responsible their parents and they should be punished for that .

C Many people think that parents are responsible for the bad behaviour of young people they should be punished for that .

S I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .

C I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .

S First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen parents , for example they are doing homework , going to sleep in regular hours and back home after school .

C First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen to . For , do , go sleep at hours and come home after school .

S This is a time , when parents could create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .

C This is a time parents can of their children , because when they grow up , they begin to and do things which are good in their opinion .

S Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .

C Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers it is only their parents but other people , who .

S It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .

C It is a time when children must choose people are good or bad , and way they will go in a situation . For , they or will they fun without any stimulants

S When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .

C If choose bad , they could begin stop which were important to in previous periods their lives

S In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choosing .

C In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own because life is a time when people only choose

S Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decision must undertake their children .

C Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decisions be by children .

S Great Wall is a great military construction in China , as known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .

C The Wall is a great military construction in China , as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .

S The exiting Great Wall remains mainly built in the 15th century of Ming Great Wall with a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .

C The existing Wall was built in the 15th century of Ming . The Wall has total length of 8851.8 kilometres .

S It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .

C It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and the Cotta Warriors and Horses .

S It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .

C It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .

S The area of Great Wall has been inhabited with many ethnic group since ancient .

C The area of the Wall has been inhabited by ethnic groups ancient times

S The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point by observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .

C The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point to and understanding the area of the Great Wall .

S This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes , I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .

C This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes . got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .

S The next day , on Tuesday was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easier .

C The next day , , it hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates meant was so much easier .

S I arrived at the school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the other .

C I arrived at with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the last

S Thus the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .

C Thus , classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .

S What heavy was that teachers have already given us all homework for the week .

C What is teachers have already given us all the for the week .

S Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the clean up .

C Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the washing .

S After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of and it was pretty hard .

C After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of it it was pretty hard .

S So every day I kept awake .

C So , day I am awake .

S My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .

C My dad told me to my and if this semester goes for me , my dad will give me a tablet , I really need one

S So this is my week .

C So this is my week .

S However on Saturday I went to English classes in the evenings .

C However , Saturday I went to English class the evening

S Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax us from all the stress of the week .

C Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around relax all the stress of the week .

S Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with family .

C Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with my .

S Every second , every day , every week , every year , the life goes on and the human discovers a new thing .

C Every second , every day , every week , every year , goes on and new thing .

S The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .

C Scientists to make people 's lives , that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes not and get fat .

S In future , The cars will fly and be faster .

C In the , will fly and be faster .

S we wo n't use oil as a fuel .

C We n't use oil as a fuel .

S we will find a new resources for energy which will be clean and cheap .

C We find sources which will be clean and cheap .

S The renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .

C Renewable new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun 's to generate electricity for houses and cars .

S The computers will write what you think in , the mobiles will be smaller and less weight .

C Computers write what you think will be smaller and lighter

S The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .

C Tourists travel to other live on and under the or oceans .

S Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .

C Working as an ITC is exciting because you need to program everything it like a challenge although you can do different . You can be on in your house and deal with your boss by do n't be alarmed if your children you .

S Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .

C It is little stressful you have a lot of work . I when I have my I will in charge of IT department security

S It 's a very worthwhile job .

C It 's a very worthwhile job .

S I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .

C I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .

S I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .

C I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .

S But you want to see all goods and maybe buy one of product .

C But you want to see all the and maybe buy one of the

S It looks very stupid .

C It looks very stupid .

S But if you have much money you can go and by something from the fact that you really need .

C But if you have a lot of you can go and buy really need .

S Everyone has an opinion on this statement .

C Everyone has an opinion on this statement .

S There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .

C There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .

S i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age all i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it i can do any thing i am not weak i have woman power

C I n't know my name . I n't know my age . All is I to be a great woman . I the world to hear my voice , to prove that I do it . do anything not weak . woman power .

S Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C Michael went into the teacher 's , but he found that his teacher was there . Maybe the had gone the bathroom . Suddenly the door was by a , a teacher who was wearing a came into sight . This came as quite a surprise to Michael . She with Michael . felt excited but ran of the office , but he . closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S Dear Bob ,

C Dear Bob ,

S I am so glad to write this letter for you .

C I am so pleased write this letter for you .

S I had been worked at local cinema last summer .

C I at a cinema last summer .

S I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .

C I would like to tell you about experience how much enjoyed in there .

S As you know , my hobby is go to movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .

C As you know , my hobby is going the , you can image happy I was I got this job .

S I responsible for selling the moive ticket and have a good time .

C I was for selling the movie having good time .

S How about you ?

C How about you ?

S Best regards , and look forward to your reply .

C Best regards , and look forward to your reply .

S Bill

C Bill

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby

S I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .

C I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .

S I would like to get this job and I think I would be suitable for it .

C I would like to have job and I think I would be suitable for it .

S I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .

C I have the traits for this job : knowledge of politeness and diligence at .

S In additions , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .

C In addition I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .

S Sincerely ,

C Sincerely ,

S Kim Page .

C Kim Page .

S Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .

C Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael walking beside beautiful lake .

S When , he saw into the water , he found a little ill frog .

C When looked the water , he found a little ill frog .

S After that , Michael decided to bring it up because the frog was very ill .

C After that , Michael decided to bring it home the frog was very ill .

S The frog got well while I was at home for two months .

C The frog got well while it at home for two months .

S However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .

C However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .

S The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .

C The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .

S Michael closed the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .

C Michael closed the door and knew that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .

S It was a sunny and hot day , Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .

C It was a hot , sunny . decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .

S He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .

C He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .

S Suddenly , he heard a high - pitched scream .

C Suddenly , he heard a hihg pitched scream .

S Then he saw a woman started to jump over the enclosure !

C Then he saw a woman starting jump over the enclosure

S Peter thought that he must do something quickly to avoid her from committing suicide .

C Peter thought that he must do something quickly to prevent from committing suicide .

S He shouted out loud for help but no one was around him .

C He shouted out help , no one was around

S So he contacted the police for help immediately .

C So he immediately contacted the police for help

S In a flash of an eye , the police came .

C In the of an eye , the police came .

S At last , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for confirming them .

C Finally the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for helping .

S The one I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player that in my opinion is the best of all time .

C The person most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , my opinion , the best of all time .

S He won only one gold ball , but he should have won more than that .

C He won only one golden , but he should have won more than that .

S He mostly played with number 10 even thouhg he also played with numbers 80 , 45 .

C He mostly played in the 10 even though also played in 80 and .

S He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .

C He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams , Barcelona and Milan .

S The skills he make are wonderful , he know everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with the back !

C The skills he has wonderful . He about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with his !

S Even though most of people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think same as me .

C Even though most think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think the as me .

S There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .

C There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .

S The kitchen looks like small and simple .

C The kitchen looks and simple .

S The living room shares area with dining room .

C The living room shares an with the room .

S We have a small garden .

C We have a small garden .

S My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .

C My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .

S it all started when I found a book on the bus .

C t started when I found a book on the bus .

S This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .

C This book got interested I began more and more . The more read , more I loved . At time nothing me . wanted finish the book as soon as possible . do not know the end , I wanted end of the book to be , at same time , did finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in

S In the end a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .

C In the end , lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .

S that was the reason I do not finish the book

C That the reason I did finish the book .

S Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .

C Nowadays our world is fighting every day different . One there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric , many other problems

S Today we can try to imagine how our lives can change in the next 50 years , if it will be better or worse .

C Today we can try to imagine how our lives might in the next 50 years , if they be better or worse .

S In my opinion everyone 's life will have a great improvement , from the economic point of view but also from the social and cultural one .

C In my opinion , 's life will see great improvement , from the economic point of view , also from the social and cultural one .

S It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .

C It is known that in the future there come a when kind of unrenewable resource will run out

S But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .

C But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such the light of the sun 's .

S Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .

C Or in addition , we could the energy generated the environment , such the wind or

S Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .

C Maybe there will also be new discoveries in will make all kinds of disease disappear

S To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .

C To sum up , I think that we should a great future in which man regain possession of his whole capability and , to that , will change everyone 's lives for

S Today I was at the university to learn new things .

C Today I was at the university learning things .

S My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .

C My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .

S They are good people .

C They are good people .

S Mariana loves Panda songs .

C Mariana loves Panda songs .

S Cristina really likes dogs also she is too pretty .

C Cristina really likes dogs and is very .

S Fernando is a young man , he likes to hear English music .

C Fernando is a young man , he likes to listen to music .

S Jose is not in my university but we are good friends .

C Jose is not at university but we are good friends .

S Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he is working with your mother .

C Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he works your mother .

S Ivan is from Machachi , he is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .

C Ivan is from Machachi . He not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .

S We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .

C We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .

S I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .

C I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .

S Machachi is a nice town .

C Machachi is a nice town .

S I am 20 years old .

C I am 20 years old .

S When I was a child I wanted to be doctor .

C When I was a child I wanted to be a .

S Two year ago , I won a nice cap .

C Two years , I won a nice cap .

S I have 6 people in my house .

C There people in my house .

S We came from Loja to live in Machachi .

C We came from Loja to live in Machachi .

S I grow up in Machachi .

C I grew in Machachi .

S I like to travel .

C I like to travel .

S Last mouth I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .

C Last month went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .

S It is a free park .

C It is a free park .

S Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park , It is a wonderful beach , the sand is too white .

C Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park . is a wonderful beach , the sand is very .

S I really love that beach .

C I really love that beach .

S I 'm interested in sport;football .

C I 'm interested in one ; football

S Because it 's the most common sport all over the world as well as I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend always play on Tuesday evening .

C Because it 's the most common sport in world as well as because 'm good at football , play football with my friends every weekend and play on Tuesday evening .

S Also , it 's good for fit and health .

C Also , it 's good for fitness health .

S I 'd like giving you some advice about how to start playing sport .

C I 'd like to give some advice about how to start playing this .

S I think it 's good idea if you buy some kits for football and training with your friend before match at home or playground for two or three days .

C I think it 's a idea if you buy some equipment football and practise your friends matches home or in the for two or three days .

S Next , you can play with anyone on confident and control match .

C Next , you can play with anyone with control

S moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?

C Moreover sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?

S In my opinion , it 's useful to play football .

C In my opinion , it 's useful for .

S THANKS

C THANKS

S I understand what you mean because cars are so convenient as you said .

C I understand what you mean , cars are so convenient , you said .

S You can go anywhere , anytime you want .

C You can go anywhere , anytime you want .

S You do n't need to care about time tables .

C You do n't need to worry timetables

S Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay night in your own car .

C Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay overnight your own car .

S But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons to cause the earth warming and air pollution .

C But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons air pollution .

S Car companies try to spread electric cars but it seemed to take a long time .

C Car companies try to spread cars , it seems take a long time .

S And some people have already switched to use public transport like trains or buses .

C And some people have already switched to using transport like trains or buses .

S Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .

C Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for journeys or ships because the scenery you can see from them is different from that cars .

S According to these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .

C For reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .

S " Annabelle " is a horror movie which i am going to watch this Saturday .

C " Annabelle " is a horror movie which I going to watch this Saturday .

S I am wondering if i will be scared after the movie .

C I am wondering if I be scared after the movie .

S The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month .

C The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept a museum in where she is visited by a priest blesses her twice a month .

S John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautifull colection doll dressed in a wedding dress .

C John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautiful in a wedding dress .

S Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .

C Unfortunatelly , in a horrible , couple 's is a Satanist who attack them and leave just blood behind them .

S The satanists invoced an eavel entity that is capabale of the worst things ... Annabelle .

C The Satanists evil that is capable the worst things ... Annabelle .

S After Mia gives birth to her doughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .

C After Mia gives birth to her daughter , Annabelel wants to kill her .

S Even the preist doesn 's know how to help the unhappy familly .

C Even the priest ' t how to help the unhappy familly .

S Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demon is attached by the doll .

C Everyone is terrified finds that a demon is attached to doll .

S Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...

C Idon't know the end of the story , I n't that it a happy one ...

S The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .

C The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens take of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .

S In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , are going to be shown .

C In the matter of that information concerning what people do , or could do , is to be shown .

S Few people who live in the suburban areas have the following routine :

C Few people who live in areas have the following routine :

S 1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .

C 1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .

S 2 Divide wet rubbish from the products which can not be recycled .

C 2 Divide wet from which can not be recycled .

S 3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong spaces .

C 3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong places

S Disadvantages :

C Disadvantages :

S If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , had followed these ideas , this city would have been surely cleaner .

C If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , these ideas , this city would definitely be .

S Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants respect those principles .

C Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants have principles .

S Some thought that volunteers should involve careless people in many project to keep their city attractive and marvelous .

C Some think volunteers should involve careless people in many projects keep their city attractive and marvelous .

S It is proven that to be a part of a project always make people feel useful .

C It is proven that being a project always makes feel useful .

S I would , therefore , recommend this idea .

C I would , therefore , recommend this idea .

S Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .

C Nowadays , can see that , , transport needs improve the quality of its . People this kind of transport daily to to work , go to school and in general depend so much on .

S The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .

C The government can transport by a great investment changing the old vehicles for new and increasing number of and building bus stops trains stations This of help a lot to improve quality of transport for the and will make life of the people easier

S Today many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality services , the bus , the trains are full and many times are until dirty and late .

C Today , people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality of , and because bus and trains are full and many times are also and late .

S However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .

C However , this situation does change and if our government do take providence important issue , it be the end of public and it be convenient to use a .

S I am writing this letter because we have to improve the gym of the school .

C I am writing this letter because we need improve the school gym

S The gym has many problems that we are gouing to explain :

C The gym has many problems that we are going describe

S the first problem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students

C The problem is that we do n't have enough apparatus all of the students .

S the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago

C The problem is about that some not working well because the school hasn't done ago .

S For the first problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because there are not enough for all of the students

C For the first problem , my opinion , the school should some other there are not enough for all of the students ,

S For the second problem the solution for me is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the machines of the school

C For the second problem , solution , me , to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the school 's machines

S I hope my proposal wiil be useful for you

C I hope my proposal will useful to .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .

S Sebastián Ferrari

C Sebastián Ferrari

S I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with a whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports in many of the websites .

C I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with the situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports on of the websites .

S I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .

C I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the supplement " The Voice of Women " which is the WATC ; Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a and Development , which is the for development work " Maan " , and websites news and media organizations .

S the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .

C The is sadly lacking in an environmental mind As a , it caused warming , is most important global problem . It n't matter more than three quarters of the world 's .

S Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .

C Currently , have got more than six different types of banks on streets , as far as I know , is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , , a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we learn about our home , our childhood . Accordingly , am one of the few teenagers in the world worried it , I really do help the environment far as I can .

S Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it

C First all , home we recycle plastic glass paper cartons , oils clothes , batteries , putting matter a bank so that avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , , , the other things are sent a so that avoid dropping . Then , I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting scraps the bank , explain to how have to recycle and how it is for our environment that we recycle .

S A couple of years ago , I hardly could see any bins in supermarkets and houses .

C A couple of years ago , I could hardly any bins in supermarkets and houses .

S Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 years being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .

C Nowadays , I see bins everywhere even a small child 3 taught put unwanted materials in the bin .

S It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has had done in 2 years of time .

C It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has made 2 years

S Even though , there are not provided separate bins for different categories of dirt .

C However separate bins for different categories of rubbish are not provided

S So , We can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .

C So , we easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .

S In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .

C In spite of throwing rubbish a bin , also do harm to the unknowingly .

S As there are different kinds of materials , dirt . some are renewable and some are not .

C As there are different kinds of materials , rubbish , are recyclable some are not .

S In my opinion , in the next 50 years , humanity will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .

C In my opinion , in the next 50 years , the population increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .

S There will be on another planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside an enormous domes .

C There will be on other , for example the moon , many citadels inside domes .

S Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .

C Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used of energy secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars atmospheric pollution .

S The people 's live will change even by policy and the economy .

C People lives be by policy and the economy .

S I hope that in the future there will not be any war by the economic crisis .

C I hope that in the future there will not be any wars caused the economic crisis .

S I think that public transport has a future , indeed travel in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .

C I think that public transport has a future . Indeed a is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .

S But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .

C But there 's a thing No has money to buy a car or maybe two . That why there are lot of people who prefer transport .

S Perhaps in a future public transport it can be more comfortable for the rest of the people who does n't have a car .

C Perhaps in the public transport more comfortable for the rest of the people who do have a car .

S I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .

C I think that there is n't a future public transport because , , use their car .

S This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .

C This has advantages as being comfortable and faster

S when you travel by bus you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .

C When travel by bus , must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .

S However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .

C However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .

S Sometimes private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .

C Sometimes , transport cheaper if you go with people .

S for example when you go by car you can go with other people so you pay less money for gasoil .

C For , you go by car you can go with other people , you pay less money for petrol

S On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .

C On the other hand , private transport is for the and must take care of the planet . We help to prevent the pollution the environment take transport , does pollute .

S At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .

C At the moment , there is than car per . That a problem for me because people do n't take care

S they prefer to be comfortable .

C They to be comfortable .

S in conclusion using public transport produce less damage to the environment and most people prefer .

C In , public transport causes damage to the environment and most people prefer

S I want to describe a famous actor from my country , he is Sergey Bezrukov .

C I want to describe a famous actor from my country . He Sergey Bezrukov .

S He participates in many interesting movies and operas .

C He performs many interesting movies and operas .

S Some of them I saw , when was a young girl .

C Some of them I saw I a young girl .

S He has very important skills for the actor , these are charisma and charm .

C He has very important skills for an . These charisma and charm .

S What is more , he is a good husband and father for his children .

C What is more , he is a good husband and a good to children .

S I think he deserved to be famous , because he is a very talented person .

C I think he deserves be famous he is a very talented person .

S Now he has opened his owned company .

C Now he has founded own .

S I am plannning to visit his company .

C I am planning visit his company .

S One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .

C One of his interesting films a , and it popular between 1980 and 2000

S His name is " Visockiy " .

C Its " Visockiy " .

S Life is unpredictable and unforseen .

C Life is unpredictable and unforeseen

S The immense possibilities of life give us opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .

C The immense possibilities of life give us the to explore life but sometimes leads threats dangers to our life .

S We surely pray for the best life of our dear and near ones .

C We surely pray for the best life of our near and dear .

S But insurance is also necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .

C But insurance is also a and indispensable peace of mind . It us surety live life securely .

S It just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses cars etc .

C It is to save our life but also secure assets like houses , etc .

S The insurance for non accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .

C The insurance for non - death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .

S But we still sold it not bought it .

C But we still sell not buy .

S Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .

C A number countries give attention and provide secure life for citizens , but country is under - insured

S Government should play key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors loss assessors etc .

C The government play a role by providing trustworthy organizations , , assessors etc .

S To aware people by run awareness campaign .

C To inform by running campaigns

S To provide insurance at nominal prices.and claim polocies should be easy .Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .

C To provide insurance at nominal prices , and claims be easy . Give that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .

S Fdi can play important role in it .

C The an role in it .

S It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as benefits of the insurancce .

C It gives to national companies . By of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders . People always buy a premium we should inform about the types of insurance as well as the of

S Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .

C Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .

S I love soccer because when I was child my brothers were taking with them to the club and I enjoy it when I watch them .

C I love soccer because when I was child my brothers took me them to the club and I enjoyed when I watched .

S In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .

C In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .

S First , soccer is very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .

C First , soccer is a famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .

S for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .

C For , I can watch a lot of a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such as Ronaldo for Madrid and Messy for .

S Second , soccer is very interesting game because when I play soccer I feel very happy .

C Second , soccer is a interesting game , when I play soccer I feel very happy .

S Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy because when someone play soccer his organisms become strong .

C Moreover , soccer helps the body to be very healthy , when someone plays , body .

S Finally , I like playing soccer because most of my friends like me play soccer too much everyday that makes me love it too much .

C Finally , I like playing soccer because , like me , most of my friends soccer a lot day and makes me love it so .

S I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .

C I would like to say to who to play to be very careful when he plays it , it can a lot of injuries But same time , is a nice game .

S Hello John !

C Hello John !

S I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book on my free time , because I prefer story than short articles .

C I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book in free time , because I prefer stories articles .

S Recently I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .

C Recently , read four great books about Shoah . They very interesting . My was : " The Book Thief " . I it for school , but I had seen film of this book .

S It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also good for adults .

C It 's a very moving , but it is n't difficult . think it for teenagers , but it also good for adults .

S I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .

C I love the fact this book are a lot of German words , so I could also my German ( I go to a high school ) .

S And what about your book ?

C And what about your book ?

S What are you reading ?

C What are you reading ?

S I hope you 'll answer me soon .

C I hope you 'll answer me soon .

S Bye Serena

C Bye Serena

S Last Friday I 've visited Balla without any planning .

C Last Friday I Balla without any planning .

S I usually wake up at 10 am at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla with them .

C I usually wake up at 10 am , but day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to with them .

S He usually avoids me in this kind situation .

C He usually avoids me in this kind of .

S Nowadays he treats me as botheration .

C Nowadays , treats me as botheration

S That is why I was very surprised .

C That is why I was very surprised .

S The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .

C The reason he asked to go to was because would lonely as Badhon and her mother were going .

S I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .

C I was hesitant but go .

S Actually I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .

C Actually , did have enough courage to say no to my father .

S I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .

C I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .

S We have been told earlier that Abul kaka has got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from office nonetheless the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .

C We had told earlier that Abul kaka had a very nice PAJERO Jeep from the . Nonetheless , performance of the vehicle was awful that day .

S It shut down at the road for several times while we were on the way .

C It stalled road times while we were on the way there

S So I was feeling very anxious that if the car fail in Aricha highway .

C So I was feeling very anxious in case car broke down highway .

S Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman will prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .

C Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman would Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .

S I do n't feel comfortable in hi - ways for many reasons .

C I do n't feel comfortable on many reasons .

S Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .

C Those are the most dangerous in country . If is an alternate way , always use that .

S That 's why when I go to village I like to use the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .

C That 's why when I go to the I like to use the Singair Road rather the - ARICHA highway .

S My father also uses this road .

C My father also uses this road .

S When I was a youngster , my father and I rode motorcycle to visit our place using this road .

C When I was a youngster , my father and I rode a to visit our place using this road .

S As I was a kid I fall asleep sometimes .

C As I was a kid I fell sometimes .

S May be for that I have a high regard for the road .

C Maybe it 's of I have a high regard for the road .

S noman engaged the front seat .

C Noman front seat .

S Though he was unwilling to sit there as because abul kaka or my father should be seated there .

C Though he was unwilling sit there Abul or my father should be seated there .

S But they insist him .

C But they insist him

S So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .

C So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .

S When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go the very back benches of the jeep .

C When the car stopped to get at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go onto very back seats the jeep .

S I thought I should n't come as because those benches were disgraceful for me .

C I thought I should n't go benches were disgraceful for me .

S I feel like I 'm depriving by my family .

C I felt I was deprived my family .

S If I were in a better position it could not happen to me .

C If I were in a better position , could not happen to me .

S Peoples humiliate me in many ways because I do nothing for earnings .

C People me in many ways because I do n't earn any money

S I found it very painful when my parents do it to me .

C I find very painful when my parents do it to me .

S I keep my brain cool and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .

C I keep a head try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .

S My thoughts are unquestionably better than others .

C My thoughts are unquestionably better than others '

S Hence I 'm waiting for good time .

C Hence , 'm waiting for a time .

S We reached our home at 1:00 pm as well as planned to back Dhaka at 4:00 pm .

C We reached our home at 1:00 pm and to return to at 4:00 pm .

S It gives the impression that only going and coming in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .

C It gave impression that only going and coming back a big car was main purpose of the trip

S That was ridiculous .

C That was ridiculous .

S That the I spent most of my time with Noman with his over talking habit .

C That day spent most of my time with Noman with his over - habit .

S My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .

C My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .

S We visited nagar chak with much anticipation .

C We visited Nagar with much anticipation .

S In this season I kike to see the sun shine .

C In this season I like see the sun shine .

S The crystal clear and mild sun is very favorite of mine .

C The crystal clear and mild sun is a of mine .

S While I was listening noman I was discerning that I should question more .

C While I was listening to , was discerning I should question more

S When he talks he has done many mistakes because of his over talking habit .

C When he talks he makes mistakes because of his over - habit .

S at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an early move because of faulty car .

C At pm we set off Dhaka was an early move of the car .

S I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .

C I fell as soon as we crossed Jhitka and I woke , had crossed Tora Bridge

S We stopped our car to a road side tea stall to take tea .

C We stopped our car at roadside stall to take tea .

S Than we set for Dhaka .

C Then set off Dhaka .

S We talked about a lot of things .

C We talked about a lot of things .

S When we talked to our seniors I think I should control myself though they talked unreal things .

C When we talked to our seniors , think I had to myself though they talked about .

S They prefer industrialization over nature .

C They prefer industrialization to .

S At the same time they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in our time .

C At the same time , also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in their .

S A never ending argument took places and thus we reached Dhaka .

C A neverending took place thus we reached Dhaka .

S Travelling or moving from place to another by car is much more convenient for a man than public transport .

C Travelling or moving from one to another by car is much more convenient public transport .

S By car you can go whenever you want on time with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subway .

C By car , can go wherever want on time , no need to wait for hours at the stations for a or subway train

S It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .

C It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .

S For example , if you are in a hurry and want to catch the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .

C For example , if you are in a hurry and want to reach place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .

S You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .

C You can have some other choices , example , can stop to buy something : water , juice or a if you get hungry during journey thirsty .

S You even can take a rest for awhile pleasingly to sleep or to have a nap .

C You can even a rest for a while or to have a nap .

S You would n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time like : no room for you to sit , bad smell people can make , or get bothering or bushing .

C You wo suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus of the time , room for you to sit , bad smells can make , or getting bushing

S It 's convenient already .

C It 's convenient

S But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .

C But , on the other hand , because , has been terrifically unbearable : many cars very noisy ; produced , transport has become for planet

S In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .

C All the world , always need advice keep looking after their environments . First the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with that should help us to make our environment clean . Second they should run campaigns about the ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper , helps to recycle easily . Finally to stay healthy , need a healthy environment .

S I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .

C I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .

S But at the region where I live I had not found .

C But in region where I live I had not found one

S Sundly , started krav maga class in a gym close to my house .

C suddenly a krav maga class started a gym close to my house .

S I did not think two times .

C I did not think twice

S I went there and sang .

C I went there and signed up

S I discovered a new world .

C I discovered a new world .

S It is a good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .

C It is self defence ... it is object simple and fast .

S Krav maga teaches how to control ourselves in hard situations .

C Krav maga teaches us to handle in difficult .

S Sometimes we are with people that we love .

C Sometimes we are with people that we love .

S When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .

C When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .

S There are a lot of bad people in the street .

C There are a lot of bad people in the street .

S If it was not true , the life would be so better .

C If it was not true , would be so much .

S The most exciting day of my life was when I and my sister discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! that was a very beautiful Holiday !

C The most exciting day of my life was when my sister and I that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! That a very beautiful holiday

S We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece like Santorini , Athens and many others .

C We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece , Santorini , Athens and many others .

S In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice too .

C In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice , .

S Every day we spent time on the beach and across the sea .

C Every day we spent time on the beach and in sea .

S Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruise .

C Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruiser

S Meals were very good and also in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .

C The meals very good and the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .

S I think it 's the most exciting holiday I 've ever spent and my favourite too .

C I think it was most exciting holiday I 've ever had my favourite too .

S I and my classmates with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .

C My classmates and I along our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .

S It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .

C It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema for class and see film about I had in Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writers

S Seeing the film we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .

C Watching film , the possibility to see characteristics of Boccaccio 's main characters the different places where the stories took place .

S In my opinion the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .

C In my opinion , film was very well made the registers the film ( there two ) tell five novels with only one main protagonist : in every situation .

S The registers of the film said that they want to create a film without time , and they were able to create this .

C The registers the film said that they wanted create a film without time , and they were able to do .

S The scenes of film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I suggest this film to all of my friends .

C The scenery the , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I recommend film to all of my friends .

S According to the past century , we have seen lots of change in the world .

C In past century , we have seen lots of changes the world .

S It 's obvious that nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .

C It 's obvious that life is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .

S When it comes to change , we can think of what way of our lives is still inconvenient that it can probably change .

C When it comes to change , we can think of what in lives is still inconvenient and change .

S Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .

C Most of the work probably be machines People qualifications find it hard to get a job . Knowledge be in if live in the future .

S There are some issues that make worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .

C There are some issues that make me . The is getting worse . We to come up with to solve this and save our Earth .

S The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .

C The relationships significant , as we can see discord between hoping that it will not lead to

S television entertains as well as it will educate the people .

C Television as well as

S These days are educating themselves by watching the television .

C These days , people educating themselves by watching the television .

S Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .

C Televison not only provides , will also lots of information about the events the globe .

S Channels like national geographic and animal planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origination of species .

C Channels like National Animal tell us the animal behaviour and the origins species .

S Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people

C Few programmes some intellectual programs increase the creativity of the people .

S When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad happened .

C When Michael woke that morning he smelled smell in the air . He know what what the source of that strange smell was , in his nose he received kind of sign something bad had .

S Very quickly he went of and try to put of his head of that sensation , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?

C Very quickly he got tried put that sensation out of his head but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?

S what is that ? " he thing .

C what is that ? " he thought

S He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .

C He started the kids , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple from talking about love , the sadness in the city .

S With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C With a great effort , on the grass , he felt , and had slight of pain in his chest sitting with many sounds in , he started ... his face changed dark now he had clear image of eveerything When the door of the house , girlfriend was dying on the floor . remembered fight , the lies the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .

C Diabetes an the blood , There types , first Type 1 which present children the insulin day . Also , diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin the person 's immune

S The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .

C Type 2 is present in adults ; insulin generated but it does work in the body , so the amounts of are the body .

S This diabetes is caused by the bad alimentation of the people or because the people have a bad life .

C This diabetes is caused by diet or because have a bad life .

S So it is necessary to eat vegetabl and fruist and also to do ejercises .

C So it is necessary to eat vegetables fruit also to do exercise

S My view is that public transport is good because it has prevent pollution which is good for the public .

C My view is that public transport is good because it has prevented , is good for the public .

S May people can think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .

C Many travelling by car is more comfortable for them .

S However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .

C However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .

S if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .

C If they to travel by public transport , would to the stop get off bus and walk for necessary thing

S So my opinion is good for both parties

C So my opinion is good for both parties .

S Hi ,

C Hi ,

S It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .

C It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .

S Hope this message finds you in good health 

C Hope this message finds you in good health

S On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came in to my life .

C On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came into life .

S And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .

C And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .

S If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message would a great favour to me .

C If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message , it be great favour to me .

S Please record your message and send it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th eve .

C Please record your message and send it to my email address before 24th evening

S I know it 's too late but hope you guys will support me .

C I know it 's short notice hope you guys will support me .

S Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .

C Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .

S Thanking you

C Thanking you

S Rosevelt

C Rosevelt

S Hello Maxi ! !

C Hello Maxi ! !

S I was waiting for you email .

C I was waiting for your .

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S What are you doing ?

C What are you doing ?

S Do you do any sport ?

C Do you do any sport ?

S I this week , I went to the country Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .

C This , I went to the country . great we went to the cinema and we ate a lot of different restaurants .

S Bye I have to go .

C Bye , have to go .

S See you soon

C See you soon

S Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .

C Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .

S I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the World ,

C I am writing sponsorize favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the world

S basketball .

C basketball .

S basketball is a complete sport , aerobic and anaerobic .

C Basketball a complete sport ; and anaerobic .

S it 's a team sport , the team it 's made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .

C It a team sport . The is of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .

S I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .

C I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .

S Some people say that basket it 's only for tall guys

C Some people say that basketball for tall guys ,

S but it is n't true , in the A league in Italy we have different players not very tall

C but it is n't true . In A league in Italy , have various who are very tall ,

S like 1 meter and 60 , so if you love this game you can play it no matter what

C like 1 meter . So you love this game you can play it no matter what .

S find only a ball and a hoop and play it .

C Just find ball and a hoop and play it .

S If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shot

C If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shoot

S than the practice makes the rest .

C then rest .

S if you train and you have willpower nothing can stop you .

C If train and you have willpower , can stop you .

S Nowadays basketball is spreading around the World .

C Nowadays , is spreading around the world

S I hope that the amount of players will increase and increase every day more .

C I hope that the number players will increase and increase every day

S so let 's play basketball .

C So 's play basketball .

S Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .

C Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .

S At the moment he is doing three A levels at camden college .

C At the moment he is doing three A levels at Camden

S He is going to go to university next year .

C He is going to go to university next year .

S At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to roch climb .

C At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to rock .

S He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .

C He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .

S School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants climbing in Scotland .

C School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants to climb Scotland .

S I have the best friend when I was a student at high school .

C I had best friend when I was a student at high school .

S We studied hard together to prepare the university exam , shared about our problems and almost things has relatived with us .

C We studied hard together to prepare for university exam , shared problems and almost things has relatived with us

S It 's great time for me .

C It was time for me .

S He made me happy and safe .

C He made me happy and safe .

S He seemed as my boyfriend .

C He seemed like boyfriend .

S The first year of the university , I showed my love to him .

C The first year of , I revealed love to him .

S Unfortunately , he refused me .

C Unfortunately , he refused me .

S I had an affair love .

C I had a affair

S Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .

C Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet

S I did n't call , send message and met him .

C I did n't call , send messages .

S Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted again with me , so I did n't ignore him .

C Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted me again so I did n't ignore him .

S He said that he wanted to be the best friend as before .

C He said that he wanted to be friends before .

S But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .

C But now what can I I still love him . love has become even

S What I should do ?

C What should I ?

S Should I show my love again ?

C Should I show him love again ?

S Last week from September 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .

C Last week , September 11 to September 21 , we had a mini - vacation

S From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watching TV , taking care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .

C From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watch , take of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .

S On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .

C During rest of that week , I did 1000-piece

S On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador then to Albrook Mall .

C On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador , to Albrook Mall .

S After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week I haven't watch them due to the exam week .

C After the exams , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since had due to the exam week .

S So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .

C So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .

S From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired of the exam so I was all day laying on the sofa doing nothing apart of watching the TV and chat with my friends .

C From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired from exam , I spent day lying the sofa doing nothing apart from the TV and chatting my friends .

S Besides I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and right now she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .

C Besides , needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and , now , is always trying to get up and stand and walk .

S On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .

C On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , suddenly , cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do Paris puzzle my sister , which had been than done about one year , it had too much color in the sky , I did n't finished it year ago .

S We began to solve it again and took us the whole week to finish it .

C We began to do again and it us the whole week to finish it .

S While solving the puzzle , I decided to count how much pieces was left , after counting them I realized that five pieces were missing .

C While doing puzzle , I decided to count how many were . After them , realized that five pieces were missing .

S I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .

C I was so I was finishing the puzzle five pieces were missing . So began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them

S On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing but I was happy too .

C On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing . But was happy too .

S I finished it .

C I finished it .

S On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .

C On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .

S Also my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .

C Also , uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .

S After arriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to drive bicycle for one hour .

C After arriving at Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride one hour .

S I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car but was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me drive .

C I was hoping that my father could me to drive the car , it not possible we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to .

S Mini vacation can be fun but sometimes boring because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .

C Mini vacations be fun , sometimes boring , you haven't planned anything for the vacation .

S The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzles and went to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .

C The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzle go Amador with my family and have a good time with them .

S Mini vacation are a break for us to have a fun and good moment with our adorable and lovely family and friends .

C Mini vacations a break for us to have and good times our adorable and lovely family and friends .

S when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .

C When was a , I usually wore , grey and red

S My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was child are different .

C My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was a were .

S I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and when I was child my toys .

C I always choose clothes because only I my favourite clothes and , I was a , toys .

S Now I wear different colours for example black , blue , grey and other .

C Now I wear different colours . For , , blue , grey and others

S Maybe they will change

C Maybe they will change .

S Pompei - the destroyed city

C Pompei - the destroyed city

S I 'm sure you 'll agree Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .

C I 'm sure you 'll agree that is the most important archeological site in the world .

S It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .

C It was destroyed by a volcanic in 75 BC .

S Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .

C Vesuvius this is the volcano name covered it with a lot of ash that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies citizens were as were .

S You can walk through the same streets and enter in the same shops the romans entered some centuries ago !

C You can walk through the same streets and enter same shops the Romans some centuries ago !

S It is n't incredible ?

C Is n't it ?

S Besides is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citiziens .

C In addition , it possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citizens

S I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .

C I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .

S There is an unique athmosphere !

C There is a atmosphere

S In my opinion anyone could n't come to Italy without visiting Pompei .

C In my opinion , one to Italy without visiting Pompei .

S If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !

C If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !

S I do n't think there is no future for public transport .

C I do n't think there is no future for public transport .

S Especially in urban , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .

C In particular , urban areas for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .

S People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .

C People who live the convenient public transport system MRT ; 's fast , cheaper and you have to find a space

S Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .

C Besides , it 's harmful and makes the 's because of the of much carbon dioxide .

S That will cause the global warming .

C That will cause warming .

S So , it is better to use public transport .

C So , it is better to use public transport .

S But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .

C But , if you live in the country , a may be essential , because it cost much money to buy the tickets if the is large

S So , I think the government should have to draw a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban and counry .

C So , I think the government should have to draw up proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas countryside

S And think deeply the problem about protecting the environment .

C And think deeply about problem of the environment .

S I love my small family .

C I love my little .

S My family members are very helpful and supportive .

C My family members are very helpful and supportive .

S My parents are very support .

C My parents are very support .

S My parents are my best friends and guides .

C My parents are my best friends and guides .

S If any problems faced , i 'm went to my parents and say the problem , there are solve the problem .

C If any problems arise i I my parents and tell them problem , and they problem .

S My family is my world .

C My family is my world .

S My parents are the good guides .

C My parents are guides .

S There are my role model.some times we were go to the tour programs , it 's very happy moments .

C There are my role models . Sometimes to the tour programs , it programs . Those are happy moments .

S My mammy told the story in night .

C My mammy tells me at .

S Mom make the special foods in festivals .

C Mom makes special foods for .

S my family is a nuclear family .

C My is a nuclear family .

S My family is great .

C My family is great .

S Steve Ramsay work in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .

C Steve Ramsay works espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and lives Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .

S Someday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent was attacked by the ghost .

C One day a was attacked by a .

S After that Steve become an America captain to protect the world again .

C After that , becomes America captain to protect the world again .

S But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .

C But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .

S He meets a strong opponent who is winter soldier when he wants to find out the wirepuller .

C He meets a strong opponent who is a soldier when he wants to find wirepuller

S Walking every day is what I enjoy .

C Walking every day is what I enjoy .

S Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .

C Besides being , it also the most , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with step in the morning .

S I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,

C I wake at in the morning .

S I consider this is the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .

C I consider this to be best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .

S There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .

C There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs and breathe the smells the , and the . , I walk slowly , then I begin to walk as fast possible to improve my fitness and I end up 5 turns around park .

S What I really enjoy it is to lie in the grass .

C What I really enjoy lying grass .

S It is in this moment when I get to talk to God .

C It is during moment that get to talk to God .

S I feel that he is near to me that he listens to me every word that I pray .

C I feel that he is near to me , he listens to word that I pray .

S Doing so , I begin my routine day , come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .

C Doing so , I begin my daily routine I back home , breakfast , followed by , because I have to get to work at 9 .

S It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .

C It is an activity that goes to the capacity of each person and it each morning improves health and takes all the bad body .

S The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .

C The graph below gives information about seasonal sales of - cream in places : an - van and an swimming pool from to Dec .

S Overall , average of 5000 dollars of year about ice cream van .

C Overall , an of 5000 dollars per about cream van .

S In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly declining from 2012 to 2014 .

C In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly decline 2012 to 2014 .

S First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .

C First , the graph showed an upward trend for the cream van and , 2014,it had largest percentage of sales at 5500 dollars from - Sep .

S No matter what year , its lowest level always in Jan - Mar .

C No matter what year , its lowest level was in Jan - Mar .

S May be because this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the purchaser greatly reduced .

C Maybe in period time the weather was cold , the number of is reduced .

S We can be seen from the diagram , the highest peak in the has increased year by year , as the low as .

C We can see the diagram , the highest peak in the graph increased year by year , as the low as

S Second , for indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .

C Second , for the swimming pool , it generally appears to be , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it fall sharply .

S Most people like to have their own car , because they think is more comfortable and flex .

C Most people like to have their own car , because they think it more comfortable and flexible

S You can go out from your house and take your car park and leave to your job and park very close .

C You can go out of house and take your car leave for job and park very close .

S But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .

C But I think that public transport is the future We to the environment this is an imperative for our world , and solution is take the point that governments more public transport , so do n't need to get a car to to have a job and do n't need it for the development their lives .

S As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .

C Also we have to promote getting close to accommodation or getting to their , because we have too much pollution . And could reward that hire staff close to the place of work maybe in a radius 4 kilometres , and could reward that change accommodation to near to their or for going there by .

S Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .

C Maybe this sounds bit crazy , but any will be good , we must only our minds up to be to look across

S What the fine weather today !

C What weather today !

S What a fine day !

C What a fine day !

S It 's April now , and spring is finally .

C It 's April now , and spring is finally here

S The sun shines bright , snow has melted in the March .

C The sun shines brightly the in the March .

S Birds returned from warm countries .

C Birds have from warm countries .

S They sing joyfully and build the nests .

C They sing joyfully and build their .

S People look happier .

C People look happier .

S They feel tired after long snowy winter .

C They feel tired after a snowy winter .

S In the March we set forward our watch an hour ago .

C In , set forward our watches hour

S Summertime was first converted in 1900 year .

C Summertime was first converted 1900

S Days are getting longer but night are getting shorter and lighter .

C The days getting longer but nights getting shorter and lighter .

S We convert our watches an hour ago in October .

C We put watches back hour October .

S It 's pleased some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .

C It people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .

S I like spring and always wait for it and wait for summer holidays with impatience .

C I like spring and always wait for it and wait for the holidays with impatience .

S Summer is really little life .

C Summer is really little life

S As soon as I pass all exams I will travel .

C As soon as I have sat my , will travel .

S As they say in English proverb < travel broadens the mind>. In summer you can switch off of daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .

C As they say in the proverb " broadens the mind " . summer you can switch off from your routine , relax , have a talk with friends .

S I did n't decide as yet where I will spend the summer .

C I haven't yet where I will spend the summer .

S It became a big problem now .

C It has become big problem now .

S I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .

C I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .

S However I am stopped last tragic developments in foreign countries .

C However , am stopped by developments in foreign countries .

S I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .

C I think 's better and safer to go to the Sea to Crimea or to Kuakas .

S My friends have bought ticket to Sochi yet .

C My friends have bought tickets Sochi already

S It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .

C It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .

S It 's possible , I will join them , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone should visit this wonder city one time of their life .

C It 's possible will join them , because I have never been to and everyone should visit this wonderful once life .

S What is my favorite sport ?

C What is my favorite sport ?

S Well , I 've played martial arts .

C Well , I arts .

S I 've been doing that for around twenty years .

C I 've been doing that for around twenty years .

S Some martial arts are not really sports .

C Some martial arts are not really sports .

S They 're more for self - defense but for what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .

C They 're more for self - defense , I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .

S As far as watching , that 's a good question .

C As far as watching , that 's a good question .

S I would suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .

C I I would have to say that in Japan , is my favorite sport for watching .

S I 've never tried it myself .

C I 've never tried it myself .

S I would have to probably be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .

C I would probably have to three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .

S I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .

C I have to start saying that I never imagined as favorite sport , because until my back , I did sports . mostly extreme sports like downhill skiing skateboarding , arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of injury I had start swimming and now I love it .

S The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .

C The reason why enjoy this is because feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have is the most complete because you work the whole body .

S If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .

C If you want to start swimming , think you should look a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you one and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in and know your swimming is not the best , recommend assistance .

S More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .

C More time that do n't have that assistance , it going to be more difficult to your style and enjoy swimming more , if you really know how to swim you more resistance in the water .

S Last week was a hard week for my wife .

C Last week was a hard week for my wife .

S She works at a language school in local University .

C She works at a language school at the university

S It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .

C It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .

S I think , that may the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .

C I think may be reason she had Paralysis last night .

S In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghost .

C In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , means being pressed a Ka - wee ' , or .

S Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest by hands .

C Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest with their

S Even she was not able to lift single finger tip as if she was turned into a stone statue .

C She was not even to lift a finger tip , if she had been into a stone statue .

S She opened her eyes .

C She opened her eyes .

S Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her as standing just beside bed .

C Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her , beside the .

S She was so scared and frightened .

C She was so scared

S She tried screaming and calling me who was sleeping peacefully beside at her .

C She tried screaming and calling me as I sleeping peacefully beside .

S But she could n't .

C But she could n't .

S She could n't open mouth , say anything at all .

C She could n't open her to anything at all .

S Even worse , two of them started whispering on her ears , die … die ..

C Even worse , two of them started whispering in ears , die … die .. .

S Well , actually it did n't happen .

C Well , actually it did n't happen .

S She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .

C She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .

S I was watching a YouTube clip by my iPad .

C I was watching a YouTube clip on iPad .

S She reproached me for not awaking her up despite she had been calling me so eagerly .

C She reproached me for not waking up despite the fact that had been calling me so eagerly .

S But it is not true .

C But it is not true .

S She had n't called me at all .

C She had n't called me at all .

S It was just a dream , very real like .

C It was just a dream , but real

S Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .

C Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real

S They think they really opened eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .

C They think they really opened their and woke up it is so and detailed .

S Often they explains and describe the scene in detail like a cup on table , friends who watching TV beside them , room light and so on .

C Often they explain describe the scene in detail like a cup on the , friends who are TV beside them , a light and so on .

S But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on table , no one is at room , and the light is off .

C But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on the , no one is in the , and the light is off .

S Commonly , the dreamers say that they ;

C Commonly , the dreamers say that they :

S - experience when they are so tired physically and so stressed .

C - experience it they are very physically and very .

S - feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen )

C - feel drowning down when they are about to fall so know it will happen ) .

S - feel a lot of press on body and can not move in dream .

C - feel a lot of pressure their and can not move in the .

S - see someone or some people as standing beside or riding on them .

C - see someone or some people beside or riding on them .

S - feel the dream is so vivid and real .

C - feel the dream is so vivid and real .

S - repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .

C - repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves

S Some experience so easily and often .

C Some experience this and often .

S Most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest with a sharp gimlet .

C The most case I heard is that the ghost pulled her while her with a sharp gimlet .

S Luckily , I have never dreamed it .

C Luckily , I have never dreamed it .

S Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electronic engeneering .

C Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electrical

S I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .

C I am in the year at , I do n't know what the Master 's will be am do but I want a Master 's .

S I have many difficulties in programming but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .

C I have many difficulties with , I think that if I work hard I can overcome difficulties .

S Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .

C Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .

S On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .

C In the few , and my group did experiments our project .

S We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .

C We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .

S Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .

C Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .

S The next week we go to prepare some material for to resolve this problems .

C Next we are going prepare some equipment problem

S But I also have other tasks .

C But I also have other tasks .

S I want to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanism .

C I want to write review of book about Nigeria and read another book about robots their mechanisms

S I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .

C I am going try to these improve English because in the future I intend to take first certificate .

S This is very important for me because when I went for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !

C This is very important for me because when I work a company I will need a certificate ! ! !

S Hi Jo !

C Hi Jo !

S How are you ? I have receive you letter in this moment .

C How are you ? I have just

S I think that you can to come to my country when you want because I will help you .

C I think that you can to come to my country if want , I will help you .

S In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .

C In the first place , I think that you must look on the . You different this and you can choose the best .

S In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .

C In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they the

S Barcelona is big and there are a lot of indutries so there a lot of jobs .

C Barcelona is big and there is lot of industry , there are lot of jobs .

S Also , Madrid is a nice city , you can to find all things that you need .

C Also , Madrid is a nice city . You to find everything you need .

S In Madrid there are some jobs too and you will be near me .

C In Madrid there are some jobs , , you will be near me .

S Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .

C Spanish is fantastic , a lot of restaurants you to eat at I that the food is more expensive than in country .

S If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .

C If you do n't like Spanish , can go to a with food from , but I you love it .

S On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , because you know some spanish person .

C On the other hand , people are , you know , because you know some Spanish

S you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .

C You come , I think that you would love my country can help you .

S I hope to come you here .

C I hope you come .

S Take care

C Take care

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

S He picked up the keys and came out fast the home .

C He picked up the keys and quickly left house

S By the time he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor his neighbour Mary stopped him .

C As was going down the stairs from the fourth floor , neighbour Mary stopped him .

S Peter was very worried .

C Peter was very worried .

S He needed to arrive at the Train Station on time .

C He needed to arrive at the train time .

S Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .

C Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .

S He was kind and spoke with Mary .

C He was kind and spoke with Mary .

S The widow woman who was very nice gave a present for Peter .

C The widow woman , was very nice , a present to .

S The young Polish very grateful replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "

C The young Polish man was grateful and to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present

S Mary smiled to Peter and said:"You are welcome , now , you have to enjoy your family .

C Mary smiled to Peter and said : " You welcome . Now you have to enjoy your family .

S Have a good journey " .

C Have a good journey " .

S It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to come back at its country .

C It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to go to .

S Dear Jo

C Dear Jo

S I 'm so glad you come to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !

C I 'm so glad you are coming my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !

S If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .

C If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .

S It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .

C It not only offers a salary , also , employees are .

S You must can gain a great experience .

C You should able to great experience .

S When it comes to travelling , you can never miss night markets .

C When it comes to travelling , you must the markets .

S At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world which will make you freshen up .

C There you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world , will make you freshen up

S Moreover , once you have a bite on sausage , you must fall in love with it .

C Moreover , once you have a bite on a , you will in love with it .

S If you still have any questions , just call me .

C If you still have any questions , just call me .

S I will help you as much I can .

C I will help you as much as can .

S Hope you can have a good time .

C Hope you will a good time .

S Best wishes ,

C Best wishes ,

S Paulina

C Paulina

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he has to do something immediatele .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had do something immediately

S He had forggoten to go to his English classes .

C He had forgotten go to his English classes .

S It was half past seven and her class begun fifteen minutes ago .

C It was half past seven and his had fifteen minutes ago .

S Last week her mother told her that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .

C Last week , told him he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .

S He already knew that he was late but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .

C He already knew that he was late , he could not go now , so he decided to deceive .

S He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .

C He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .

S But he did not realise something , His little brother was watching him througt the window .

C But he did not realise something . little brother was watching him through window .

S When her mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .

C When his came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .

S She was very angry and she could not believe that her son did that .

C She was very angry and she could not believe that her son had done .

S After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .

C After that , did not hang out for three months , so he could his . must not lie to deceive mother .

S I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport

C I think that transport is going to be very in our life , not all have the possibility to buy a car , transport is less than a car . So that reason , in the future could , because public transport is a necessity over world , only because of also the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .

S Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .

C Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .

S I went to nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .

C I went to the section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like the , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .

S The section was big and it had a lot of information in a scientific manner , some section had complete information part while other had not .

C The section was big and it presented lot of information in a scientific manner , some sections complete information others not .

S Beginning in one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice age .

C Beginning with of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice Age

S It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south pole .

C It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south poles

S ¿ What did you learn about debates ?

C did you learn about debates ?

S Mel , who was a teacher for young people .

C Mel , who was a teacher for young people .

S Teach about a debates .

C Teach us .

S How be a good debaters .

C How to debaters .

S He uses a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Why )

C He uses a rule for debates : proposition + = positive or negative ( Why ?

S Every debate has a hot spot .

C Every debate has a hot spot .

S Hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .

C A hot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .

S Hot spot helps to get more security .

C The hot helps to get more confidence

S Always infront on your public .

C Always in front audience

S The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .

C The result depends confidence volume of voice , body posture and audience

S The main idea is keep the body , take the mind .

C The main idea is to the body , take the mind .

S The great debaters , have to believe in your idea .

C Great to believe in their .

S Does n't matter the idea , only the arguments .

C The idea does n't matter only the arguments .

S I do n't know is n't anwer .

C I do n't know is n't an

S An Important deal , is never quit .

C An important is never to .

S Always fight if you want .

C Always fight if you want .

S Debates is a combat

C A debate .

S Peter has just got out by school and he realized that he 's overdue for his weekly guitar lesson .

C Peter had got out of and he realized that he was his weekly guitar lesson .

S But before the lesson , he has to lunch with his family and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .

C But before the lesson , he had have with his family and take dog to vet 's his annual vaccine .

S Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .

C Peter had quick in ten minutes , spent minutes the bike and putting the dog in basket ; at the vet 's surgery , people were waiting so Peter was to wait .

S After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .

C After an hour , dog was taken , but his needed bottle of milk

S Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .

C Unfortunately , , his , had taken the bike , so he was to walk to nearest supermarket .

S Peter 's mother needs a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market behind home does n't have it .

C Peter 's mother needed special kind of milk without lactose , and the market near did have it .

S So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?

C So Peter had to make a choice : going to lesson or waiting for father to home get milk with the car ?

S After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .

C After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had bit of luck . In fact , father , , come from , so he could go get milk and giving him a lift

S With a little delay , but Peter did it !

C With a little delay , made !

S firstly , I want to introducude my self .

C First I want to introduce

S I am a young women with a melancoly 's character .

C I am a young woman a melancholy

S I am an introvert too .

C I am an introvert too .

S I have many problem with my speaking skill .

C I have many problems my speaking skills

S if stay of the public and want to do presentation , I always get nervous .

C If I want to give a , I always get nervous .

S I do nt know why , it 's always accur to me .

C I do n't why , it 's always happened me .

S sometimes , I feels so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .

C Sometimes I feel stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .

S second .

C Second

S I love bwrite but I not confidance with my grammar .

C I love writing I am confident grammar .

S I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .

C I make mistakes every story I use the wrong tense

S I call this mistake with " Du " .

C I call this mistake Du " .

S Why " du ? " . yeah ..

C Why " du ? ...

S because I love used this word .

C because I love using word .

S I have no idea after this sentense .

C I have no idea after this sentence

S An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .

C An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .

S There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .

C There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .

S As the population grows , you will an increasing problem .

C As the population grows , you will see increasing problem .

S Thereore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , publis buses etc .

C Therefore public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , public etc .

S Cars are not good .

C Cars are not good .

S They have pollution .

C They cause .

S But they go fast .

C But they go fast .

S Cars are red .

C Cars are red .

S Choo choo pdajd

C Choo choo pdajd

S Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .

C Sport is an that helps optimal physical condition

S I think that sport is important for discipline in life .

C I think that sport is important for discipline in life .

S My favourite sport is football , it is a complete sport , there are aggression , mentality and fun .

C My favourite sport is football . It a complete sport ; are aggression , mentality fun .

S my favourite football club is Napoli , it is the heart club , for this team I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .

C My football club is Napoli . It the heart club . For team , feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .

S i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .

C I that want to start this , because this sport helps to grow and mature .

S work in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical support and other skills .

C Working your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about business management , economics , sales , engineering , technical and other skills .

S you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .

C You responsible for your workers and satisfaction , it very satisfying to see how your own company is growing customers returning loved your work

S that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful but is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored

C That looks depressing , demanding and stressful , it very rewarding and if you like the challenges you will never be .

S Dear Friend

C Dear Friend

S hope you are fine , kindly be know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .

C hope you are fine . Please I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .

S I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work in it .

C I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work here

S Here are some tips about the Egyptian people

C Here are some tips about the Egyptian people .

S they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .

C They so kind , friendly , and because they a lot of problems nowadays The of poverty , the of living the fixed cost increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .

S The salary or the income in Egypt does not match with this increase or this inflation .

C The salary or the income in Egypt does not match increase or this inflation .

S So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )

C So , you want to work in Egypt , must have information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowances work environment , position title company type , policy , mission , vision )

S With best Wishes

C With best wishes

S Sameh Sabbagh

C Sameh Sabbagh

S Military service is people who is forced by the government be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .

C Military service is when by the government to a part of the army to serve and protect the country .

S There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .

C There are many countries where people to they , as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .

S The duration of the military service should be around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .

C The duration of service should be from 12 months 20 months

S Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .

C Also , there are different types training during service . People do a lot of training in how to use .

S Thus , there is a cause of agreement and another cause of disagreement which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .

C Thus , there is a source agreement and another source disagreement , is freedom of choice and mental maturity .

S As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .

C As this topic of the reasons should not have to complete service is of choice .

S Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .

C Some people may think it is human right we if they want to join the military .

S Otherwise , when the people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .

C Otherwise , when are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .

S So some counties would not force the people to join military .

C So some counties do force to join the .

S In contrast , it could be the benefit that improves their mental maturity .

C In contrast , it could be a that improves their mental maturity .

S If people join the military service when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .

C If people do when they are 18 , they learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim the military and the chancellor who works the military may request soldiers that everything frequently be regular

S For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .

C For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt at specified angle or there is a time that you must wake up and go to .

S People should not be complaining about anything even if they seem to be right .

C People should not complain anything even if they seem to be right .

S But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .

C But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , people ; they are to become independent people

S To conclude with both sides , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to complete military service .

C To conclude there are reasons to effect by should or should not have to do service .

S However ; the effects may different which is base on how length of the duration .

C However , effects may be , .

S Hi mum and dad

C Hi Mum Dad

S Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .

C Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .

S The museum and the art gallery located in the capital city .

C The museum and the art gallery are in the capital city .

S The museum is huge and beautiful .

C The museum is huge and beautiful .

S I really like antiques even though it is not much to look at .

C I really like antiques , though there not much to look at .

S The art gallery is nice too .

C The art gallery is nice too .

S They have some paintings of Leonardo da Vinci which is really impress me .

C They have some paintings by da Vinci which impress me .

S My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .

C My favourite part was a guide introduce us painting

S I ca n't wait to back home and tell you more about the trip .

C I ca n't wait to get home and tell you more about the trip .

S Love from your son :) .

C Love from your son :) .

S Thanh .

C Thanh .

S In my city , we have not a regular care for the environment .

C In my city , we do n't have regular policy of for the environment .

S There have been many projects to improve the caring of the environment .

C There have been many projects to improve the care environment .

S But there is a big problem : the people 's culture .

C But there is a big problem : the people 's attitudes

S In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .

C In my country , can make lot of effort take care of the environment , but the bad attitude people is a big .

S That is because we do n't demonstrate interest in the problems of others .

C That is because we do n't take in the problems of others .

S We think that our authorities are responsible for these themes .

C We think that our authorities are responsible for these matters

S Then , we do n't take positive actions , individually .

C So we do n't take positive actions , individually .

S We just wait until others clean the streets .

C We just wait until others clean the streets .

S The people put their rubbish in bags and threw it away near their houses .

C People their rubbish in bags and throw near their houses .

S They do n't spend money in a good container .

C They do n't spend money on good container .

S Then , the dogs can break the bags and eat the rubbish .

C Then , can break open bags and eat the rubbish .

S In this way the streets are always dirty .

C Consequently , streets are always dirty .

S In my case , I prefer to have a clean Street .

C Personally I prefer to have a clean street

S It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags with rubbish in a good container .

C It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags of in a good container .

S If everyone 's demonstrate a better culture , it is possible to improve our environment .

C If everyone better attitude it would be to improve our environment .

S Nowadays we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .

C Nowadays , grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .

S This fact allows young people do exercise and enjoy at the same time .

C This fact allows young people to exercise and enjoy themselves the same time .

S Do team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .

C Team also help to meet other people and make new friends .

S Favorite sport of many people is football , instead of my favorite is basketball .

C The favorite of many people is football , whereas favorite is basketball .

S I started to play it when I was twuelve years old and currently I still love this sport .

C I started to play it when I was twelve old and these days still love this sport .

S My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .

C My main reason for loving is how you feel when you a match and , the end , team win .

S Also , I known great friends who play basketball .

C Also , I have met friends who play basketball .

S Every sport focus on some parts of the body , however basketball is the most complete sport .

C Every sport focuses some parts of the body , but is the most complete sport .

S It is true that basketball require a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .

C It is true that basketball requires lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .

S You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get any point or have a bad day , due to the other players can sympathise with you .

C You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a or have a bad day , because other players can sympathise with you .

S If it happen , you will continue doing the best as you can .

C If it happens you must doing the best can .

S To reach this , I recommend do exercise three times a week and follow a healthy diet .

C To achieve , I recommend doing three times a week and following healthy diet .

S Adolescent has always been the hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..

C Adolescence always been the hardest part in 's whole life .

S turning out in a fleeting glimpse into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances ..

C Turning a fleeting glimpse an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances .

S at this point you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..

C At point , merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing could turn the clock back , but 's all no good .

S then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..

C Then find yourself standing ahead of reality , which sucks .

S life is stages , this stage of your life is timeless , no way out ..

C life is stages ; stage of your life is timeless , no way out .

S at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..

C At point , wish was all an You a time machine that it possible to go back in time to you could see the purity of life ..

S However .. here you are completely different made of life lessons , preferring to make a stiff upper lip .. cowering in your own reality .

C However , you are completely different , of life lessons , preferring to keep stiff upper lip , in your own reality .

S Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .

C Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .

S Television can improve knowledge on current affairs .

C Television can improve knowledge of affairs .

S Education does n't lie on current affairs or related concepts .

C Education does n't depend current affairs or related concepts .

S Television helps us to find the fields that interests us , like music , sports , movies or nature .

C Television helps us to find the fields that interest , like music , sports , movies or nature .

S These days television allows us to see happenings all around the world .

C These days , allows us to see events around the world .

S However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages of television .

C However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages to .

S Especially , the fake news spreads faster without much effort .

C In particular news spreads faster without much effort .

S It depends on the individual , how to make use of the opportunity .

C It depends on the individual , how they use of the opportunity .

S Watching TV seems to be top on our list of things to do after a long hard days ' work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .

C Watching TV seems to be top of list of things to do after a long hard day 's with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .

S TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?

C TV was is as entertainment but have you ever questioned whether than entertainment ?

S Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?

C Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?

S You ask how ?

C You ask how ?

S Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .

C Now that is interesting question . We watch anything from news to Catfish TV show . In name of entertainment , we actually learning .

S The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter , there main type of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .

C The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter . The types learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .

S TV stimulates at two learning style which is visual and auditory .

C TV stimulates learning styles , are and auditory .

S Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn , other may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert air on TV .

C Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn . Others argue that TV is an amazing source of learning , learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert aired TV .

S We learn about social values , World news etc .

C We learn about social values , world etc .

S I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .

C I have personally picked up information I would not have come across For , I have been to learn that the BMW seven series , has ambient , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised can read different road surfaces and adapt it s

S so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .

C So , you ever asked yourself whether , but can educate ?

S The New Music

C The New Music

S Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were the basis for the new music .

C Blues , Rock ' ' , and music were the basis of new music .

S 1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .

C From - 1967 changes .

S The 3 musics were even known in 1963 .

C The 3 types of music even known in 1963 .

S Every music express other feelings .

C Every music expresses .

S There were some people who started playing Rock songs .

C There were some people who started playing Rock songs .

S And after this everybody started to change there type of music .

C And after that , started to change their of music .

S Electronic was born .

C Electronic was born .

S It made everything possible .

C It made everything possible .

S Than the music hanged to multi media .

C Then multimedia

S And so changed the old music to the new music .

C And so the old music changed the new music .

S The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes which makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .

C The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes , makes it possible to achieve high .

S Drivers drive the cars with full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than the other circuits .

C Drivers drive the cars at throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than circuits .

S In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .

C In my opinion , high on the long straight could of cars ' and they blow up .

S The rugged kerbs can cause the suspension crack .

C The rugged kerbs could the suspension to .

S The falling leaves can be block driver 's view and block up the radiators .

C The falling leaves could 's view and block up the radiators .

S I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .

C I think cutting down the which are the circuit and undercutting kerbs could and technical problems the track and we should the straights .

S Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered to those , which have an apex maturity of science .

C Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered on have an apex maturity of science

S Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons convert the blessing nature of science into critics .

C Addiction to authoritative nature over other leads to production of war weapons , blessing of science into critics

S Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it has not without criticism in different views .

C Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it is without criticism in different areas

S Science replaces human labor into instrument , but what about happiness ?

C Science replaces human labor with but what about happiness ?

S There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual .

C There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual ?

S Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .

C Very often , it has been for cultures through - called luxurious development that is religious faith .

S Science is concerned only with the information about the world whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusion without considering the morality .

C Science is concerned only with about the world , it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusions considering .

S It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of source .

C It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , it find itself subject to criticism from a variety of sources

S But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .

C But living in the century it 's to blame science when are benefited through its technological applications in everyday to an ever - greater .

S My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , but residents have a great respect for nature .

C My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know . Although are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , have a great respect for nature .

S In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners sent the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , is immediately put a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .

C In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners send loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it immediately replaced with young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance system .

S For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , they were placed the bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .

C For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , we have recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .

S Three times a week garbage trucks pass to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector passes to clean up the streets .

C Three times a week , trucks come empty them , and once a week a garbage collector comes clean up the streets .

S Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .

C Travelling any form of has become of our needs . In past , used to spend waiting for transport . Now we can afford any of those modern cars the dealership

S The future of the public transport is fading away , you might ask why .

C The future of transport is fading away . You ask why .

S the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .

C The problem is service . For , the drivers are not careful enough when and might be unsafe for

S another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .

C Another is the unclean chairs on

S Those are the main reasons that could make the public transport diseappear .

C Those are the main reasons that could make transport disappear

S I consider the best option to buy a car so we can feel safe .

C I consider buying a car the best option , we can feel safe .

S Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .

C Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to physical activity . That the first step to doing , then competing in will encourage make an extra effort .

S Also , just for young children that are in process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential to do it , because they can have a healthier life .

C Also , just for young children that are in the of growth and development , physical exercise is essential because they can have a healthier life .

S Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .

C Young children try to make an , and want win at this age , and if they train , the are and that them keep training .

S In psychic way , if you are adapated forms relations and create new friends .

C In psychic way if you are adapated make friends .

S In the future , adults that was able to obtain more achievements and make it more responsible , and you can have a good social life , if you competes doing sports .

C In the future , adults that are to obtain more achievements and be responsible , and you can have a good social life you compete in or .

S In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of compete because competitiors are trying to win and this can frustrates .

C In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of competing , competitors trying to win and this can frustrates .

S But , some people do not think this like this and take it more simply

C But , some people do not think this and take it more easy .

S Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .

C Finally , I think that competing sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it controlled are some benefits that help you in whole .

S Dear sir / Madam ,

C Dear Sir Madam ,

S For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there was no longer the public transportation services since travel by car more convenient .

C For upcoming enhancement I would like to inform you that there are longer any transportation services since travel by car is convenient .

S Therefore travel by car is ready by now .

C Therefore travel by car is ready .

S Best regards ,

C Best regards ,

S Penn

C Penn

S Shops in the town

C Shops in the town

S Introduction

C Introduction

S The aim of this report is to outline what are shopping facilities in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .

C The aim of this report is to outline what shopping facilities there are our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .

S Shopping facilities

C Shopping facilities

S Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .

C Although our town is quite small , there are a wide shops , as clothes shops sports , toy shops or book shops .

S Even though the shops is not large , there are remarkable goods , for example , nice running shoes or valuable books .

C Even though the shops are large , there are remarkable goods . For , nice running shoes or valuable books .

S Possibility of the shops

C Possibility of the shops

S All in all , the shops have a variety of goods , which can attract many tourists .

C All in all , the shops have a variety of goods could many tourists .

S If you have a small kid , you will visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .

C If you have a small child you can toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .

S On the other hand , you can visit book shops whether you are pensioner and you have a lot of free time .

C On the other hand , you can visit book shops if are a and you have a lot of free time .

S Conclusion

C Conclusion

S To sum up , I suppose our town offers many interesting shops .

C To sum up , I think town offers many interesting shops .

S Moreover , the goods is quite cheap .

C Moreover , the goods are cheap .

S Halloween is traditional holiday in USA but the original history came from Celtic people .

C Halloween is a holiday in the but the original history came from the people .

S The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .

C The immigrants came with this religious culture and with become of American culture .

S Today this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with party or costume yourself .

C Today , holiday is celebrated around the world you can have fun with a or dress up in a costume

S The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .

C The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .

S First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .

C First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .

S Second is to prepare mental plates as well as qulified machinists .

C Second is to prepare metal using .

S Then is printing with special ink .

C Then is printing with special ink .

S When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .

C When side is printed , they raise images slightly to make the side

S Last is the key step , inspection .

C Last is the key step ; .

S It is of importance to inspect the printed sheets .

C It is of great to inspect the printed sheets .

S If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after cutted in to separate notes .

C If the sheet is good or partially , it can be packed and delivered by vehicles being notes .

S Otherwise , the sheets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .

C Otherwise , the sheets and notes will abandoned destroyed in a .

S The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .

C The issue of whether is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused ongoing . In essay , intend discuss more depth .

S firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .

C First some people believe that public transport is a significant part of life it 's difficult to rely only on our cars

S Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .

C Hi my name is Chai . from Thailand . am trying write an article to improve my writing skills hope this program can help me .

S My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .

C My favorite way to travel is by like to be fast and , my life , I hate . opinion , plane is the best for me . For , you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly you do n't want take a long . And is the best way of in the world and is than other ways You see on the pollution people who have had accident , how often an accident happens , anyway if it has happened , I n't imagine it . , hope who likes travel is safe and sound and has a journey .

S First of all Television has less viewers now days .

C First of all , has less viewers nowadays

S Most of the people turn to the Internet website or applications like Netflix or Youtube .

C Most turn to websites applications like Netflix or Youtube .

S Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watch television for entertainment .

C Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watched for entertainment .

S There were a lot of programs on television .

C There were a lot of programs on television .

S Most of the people watched news , movies , or tv shows on television .

C Most watched the , movies , or TV on television .

S Also there was a lot of different channel that we chose .

C Also , were lot of different channels we chose from

S As I remember there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geography .

C As I remember , were educational channels Discovery and National Geographic

S Those channel always content a lot of new technology .

C Those channels contained lot of new technology .

S For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .

C Some may think that only these kinds channel can provide educational knowledge , people n't consider watching these channels entertainment .

S For these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .

C But kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .

S But I wo n't opine that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .

C But I wo n't suggest these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .

S All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge even when you watch movies .

C All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge , when you watch movies .

S But of course there will be some channel that is not suitable for child under 18 or just for adult .

C But , course , will be some channels are suitable for children 18 or are for adults

S As I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .

C think there is no channel that you ca n't learn from

S All kinds of programs have something that you can think about just depend on how you look at it .

C All kinds of programs have something that you can think about , it depends how you look at it .

S So television entertains , but can it also educate ?

C So television entertains , but can it also educate ?

S Yes of course but only when you look at it as a way you wanna learn something .

C Yes , course , only when you look at it as a way you want to something .

S My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .

C My studies at the Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score , but also has so good things . For , have a lot of exchanges around the world . When have the opportunity to do an exchange , have to deal with the language and the culture of other country . That you have to be responsible for studying the basic about country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .

S I think that a complete sport is to swim for most of the people .

C I think that a complete sport is swimming most .

S It 's good for health and wellness .

C It 's good for health and wellness .

S I really enjoy because give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .

C I really enjoy it it a lot of relaxation it helps to be toned satisfied with .

S Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .

C Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .

S I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .

C I advise start this sport , because it complete makes and feel very good .

S When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .

C When I was fourteen years old , I won , that period , swam as a

S It had been a really satisfation and I had been happy .

C It was real I was .

S Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thanks them .

C Nowadays , 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thank .

S I think this sport is the most completely compared to the other sports .

C I think this sport is the most complete to the other sports .

S Your muscles begin more efficient and tonic and you have a lot of benefits for the body .

C Your muscles become efficient and toned you get lot of benefits for the body .

S To : International organisation

C To : International organisation

S From : Dimitris Barberis

C From : Dimitris Barberis

S Subject : Our green town

C Subject : Our green town

S Introduction

C Introduction

S The aim of the report is to write how are town take care of the environment .

C The aim of the report is to write about our takes of the environment .

S I do a research and this are findings .

C I did and these my .

S Rubbish

C Rubbish

S We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litters whenever we are .

C We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litter away are .

S Also we have recycle bins for paper and glass .

C Also , have recycling for paper and glass .

S Cleaners

C Cleaners

S Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !

C Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !

S Conclusion

C Conclusion

S We do everything to make our town more green , our citizens always have new ideas that make the difference of our daily life .

C We do everything to make our town more green . Our always have new ideas that make a to daily lives

S It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealthy lifestyle .

C It is common that more and more people get overweight , because of much fast food an lifestyle .

S Now some scientists have suggest to having warnings on some types of food and drink .

C Now some scientists have suggested on some types of food and drink .

S But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consume noxious foodstuff ?

C But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consuming

S On the one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .

C On the one hand , ca n't imagine that a little notice the food can people stop their shopping and read the warnings .

S Life is fast moving and time is money .

C Life is fast moving and time is money .

S Everything has to happen fast .

C Everything has to happen fast .

S First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to do activities that help the environment .

C First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to take the environment .

S To begin with , we have to try to use as little as possible the car or the bus and try to get at any place walking or by bicycle .

C To begin with , we have to try to use the car or the bus as little as possible try to get to place on foot by bicycle .

S This action would decrease the gas emitted to the environment .

C This action would decrease the amount of emitted into environment .

S In addition , the water issue is another big problem .

C In addition , the issue of water another big problem .

S Nowadays , people is wasting water instead of saving it .

C Nowadays , people are water instead of saving it .

S One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .

C One basic solution for this to not to a shower for so long to take shower a bucket and for just few minutes .

S Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .

C Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .

S We should use another bucket for this task .

C We should use another bucket for this task .

S Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it in the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .

C Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it into following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .

S However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish recycling most of them .

C However , we also have to try not to more rubbish but to recycle of it

S For example , the organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory as well as the glass .

C For example , rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory and so can glass .

S Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in this global problem .

C Therefore the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to play part in dealing with global problem .

S Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .

C Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel

S There be Long and the writer ...

C There were and the writer ...

S One night Paxton was speaking them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .

C One night , was speaking with about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .

S But one them had dead a little while ago and he was who protected the crown .

C But one of had died little while ago and he was the one protected the crown .

S Paxton goes to the house de Williams Agers y find the crown in the hill .

C Paxton goes to the house of Agers and crown in the hill .

S But Long and The Writer helped to again the crown bury because the shadow him was following .

C But Long and The Writer helped to bury the crown again the shadow was following him

S An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow

C One in the morning , was waiting and writer , but he heard someone calling . Suddenly , goes to beach and is killed by shadow .

S Public transport is and always will be very important for society .

C Public transport is and always will be very important for society .

S As we 've seen these days that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .

C As we 've seen , days , cars is increasing so much every year .

S As a consequence of an increasing in number of private cars .

C As a consequence of an increase the of private cars .

S Governments around the world have talking a lot about the measures should be taken to improve public transport quality .

C Governments around the world have been a lot about the measures that be taken to improve the quality of public transport

S No doubts travelling by car is pretty much better than go by public bus .

C No doubt by car is quite a lot than going public bus .

S although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .

C Although felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .

S I was manager at retail store .

C I was manager at a store .

S Everyday work stressed me and by the end of my shift I get so tired .

C Every day , stressed me and by the end of my shift I was tired .

S I decided to go back to school .

C I decided to go back to school .

S The program I start at school was very tough for me , because my slow English writing .

C The program I started school was very tough for me , because of slow English writing .

S I do not have very good english writing skill .

C I do not have very good English skills

S My grammar and spellings are week .

C My grammar and spelling weak

S I am struggling in school .

C I am struggling at .

S I am trying my best hope I will pass my course and get a good job .

C I am trying my best and I will pass my course and get a good job .

S Hi Jo !

C Hi Jo !

S I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is at the hospital for 14 days .

C I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is in 14 days .

S But in 3 weeks I 'm free .

C But in 3 weeks I 'm free .

S When do you want to come ?

C When do you want to come ?

S Write to me soon , please .

C Write to me soon , please .

S Mireia

C Mireia

S The future transport is the public , because the traffic it will be less .

C The future of is , because there will be less traffic

S When the people travel by car is for work , holidays or for other motive .

C When the people travel by car it for work , holidays or for other reasons

S We should use the less car , it is very pollutant .

C We should use the less car . It very polluting

S I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .

C I will start with old vehicles If do do maintenance , type will be damaged and we will it .

S In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .

C In the future , every person will use his own and there will be need for public transport . This of transport has route just takes to places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .

S But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .

C But in some countries you use the ( metro ) . It more than old types , bus taxi . underground is faster and cleaner

S About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .

C About pollution . It a big issue in public transport . you try to fix the engines public transport , will be expensive because with time the lifetime this engine come to an end

S Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .

C Michael is a 22-year - old man he has studied for now he wants to put his knowledge into practice

S He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job , he was looking all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded .

C He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job . He at the advertisements but he never found the one he needed

S Michael though that it was time to do something .

C Michael thought it was time to do something .

S He could not be at home all day doing such nothing so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .

C He could not be at home all day doing , he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .

S When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .

C When he was a kid , wanted to work in a video games , luckily for him a job available the Station store .

S Of course he does not think twice and go for print his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .

C Of course , did think twice and went out CV the interview was that day . Then took a shower and dressed the occasion .

S He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .

C He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just picked up mobile , keys and money , he had n't noticed that he was forgetting CV

S However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S My favourite sport is soccer .

C My favourite sport is soccer .

S It is an interesting activity!There is Fifa world cup too !

C It is an interesting activity ! There the World !

S There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .

C There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .

S There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .

C There are soccer lessons . I attended

S First , the teacher will train us soccer technique .

C First , the teacher will train us in techniques

S Next , we will have a soccer competition .

C Next , we will have a soccer competition .

S But we will break our legs .

C But we could our legs .

S We need to be careful .

C We need to be careful .

S Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .

C Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .

S My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .

C My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .

S He is tall and smart he looks like a movie star .

C He is tall and smart . He like a movie star .

S My father has many hobbies , he plays foot ball , reads newspaper and listens to Radio .

C My father has many hobbies , he plays football reads newspapers listens to the

S In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but probably I spent more time with my friends than family . I know if I need something my family is always there .

C In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but I probably time with my friends than my . I know if I need something my family is always there .

S The difficult is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .

C The difficulty that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .

S Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed but she hurts me .

C Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me . do n't know how she managed it , she hurt .

S My cousins are very reliable like my grandmother and my parents .

C My cousins are very reliable , my grandmother and my parents .

S The family has a link blood therefore you have a natural empathy .

C The family has a blood bond , a natural empathy .

S For all rules have exceptions .

C For all rules there are .

S I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .

C I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .

S You need to discovered who is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .

C You need to discover is your best friend As you go through life , will learn who is who .

S For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .

C For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .

S She

C She

S grown up with me and now she is my sister too .

C grew with me and now she is my sister too .

S My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .

C My city is Jaén . It in the east of Andalucia and is an important crossroads the south and the of .

S So an important historical place is the St. Katherine 's castle .

C So an important historical place is Katherine 's castle .

S This is an old castle of 10th century and the style is Arabian .

C This is an old castle from the century and the style is Arabian .

S It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is it impregnable .

C It 's on top of big with difficult slopes to climb up the most important property is that is .

S In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army after a large siege force to the government surrender it .

C In the reconquest age stronghold never fell direct assault . Finally Castellan 's , a long , to it .

S Then in the 18th century the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of independence Spanish war .

C Then , the 18th century , Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of the war of independence

S The French army before came back to France destroyed it .

C The French army destroyed it before going back to France

S Actually the castle has been restored and has a historic museum , also have a great hotel with four stars for tourists .

C These days , castle has been restored and has a history . It has great hotel with four stars for tourists .

S I like this place because I can enjoy a good views to my city .

C I like this place because I can enjoy views of city .

S I prepare class every day .

C I prepare class every day .

S I try to do all the activities in class .

C I try to do all the activities in class .

S I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .

C I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .

S I need to speak and participate more in class .

C I need to speak and participate more in class .

S We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse .

C We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse

S plane , train , and boat are the ways to travel .

C Planes trains and boats the ways to travel .

S I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my idea .

C I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my opinion

S First of all , boat moves across the sea and the sea is very beautiful .

C First of all , a travels sea and the sea is very beautiful .

S For instance , when we move on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .

C For instance , when we travel the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .

S Next , the boat usually is very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .

C Next , a is usually big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .

S Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of danger in the sea .

C Finally , it the safest way to , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling , other kinds of danger in the sea .

S Therefore , I prefer the boat to travel , instead of the train or the plane .

C Therefore , I prefer a for instead of a or a .

S All in all , travel in the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safety .

C All in all , travelling sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safe

S I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .

C I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .

S Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !

C Have you ever been ? Do know how amazing it to do this cool sport ? If do n't know anything it , it 's high time you did

S I had n't never heard about doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .

C I had n't ever of rafting until my best friend , Carmen , asked whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .

S Therefore , we went to join in a sports centre which take over organising this stunning outdoor activity .

C Therefore , we went to join sports centre which had taken organising this amazing activity .

S Rafting get you burn all your adrenaline whereas you try to get down over the river in a mini - boat .

C Rafting lets burn all your adrenaline while try to get down in a mini - boat .

S It 's extremely exciting !

C It 's extremely exciting !

S In addition , you 'll enjoy a breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife in both sides of the river .

C In addition , you 'll enjoy the landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife on sides of the river .

S Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring protection cream with you .

C Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring sun with you .

S In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , even though , being sunburnst .

C In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , be

S Let 's go !

C Let 's go !

S Do not hesitate taking up rafting !

C Do not hesitate to take rafting !

S You wo n't regret !

C You wo n't regret it

S My life now

C My life now

S In my life I have had a big experiences that have made me change and mature .

C In my life I have had experiences that have made me change and mature .

S One of the most important experience I think was coming to study to Tijuana .

C One of the most important experiences think , coming to study in .

S It was a really challenge for me to live alone .

C It was a real for me to live alone .

S Before I came here I was so dependent of my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .

C Before I came here , was so dependent on parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .

S When I was child I used to live in Tijuana .

C When I was child I Tijuana .

S I was born here .

C I was born here .

S When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .

C When I was years , went to live in because my father worked there .

S I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .

C I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .

S Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .

C From was born to when I was years old , was living with , but now I live in a small apartment .

S I am studying Nutrition at the University , that is why I am living in Tijuana .

C I am studying Nutrition at the University . That why I am living in Tijuana .

S I used to live in assistent house it was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .

C I used to live in assistent house It the place where I lived in Tijuana , then I moved an apartment two friends .

S All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .

C Every used to Ensenada to family , my boyfriend and my friends

S Before I came to live to Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .

C Before I came to live in , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .

S For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .

C To sum up coming live in was a real me .

S I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .

C I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .

S I do not regret what I did because I do what I like .

C I do not regret what I did , I am I like .

S Now I am so independent and I learned how to live alone .

C Now I am so independent and I have how to live alone .

S I live in a small village on countryside with few people .

C I live in a small village in with only a people .

S Even if we are a country , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on roofs of many houses , such as the nursery school and other houses that have this systems to produce energy .

C Even if we are a small village we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the of many buildings such as the nursery school and other buildings have this system produce energy .

S We separated paper from glass and also to plastic .

C We separate from glass and also .

S The garbage picks up paper once a week , plastic two times at month and undiferretiated three times a week to all people who live in my country .

C The garbage truck up paper once a week , plastic two times per and undifferentiated times a week for people who live in my country .

S My district makes clean my village and it usually tries to make attractive with new social initiatives for the community .

C My district makes my village clean it usually tries to make it with new social initiatives for the community .

S All people of the world have friends , I 'm not an exception .

C All people in world have friends . 'm not an exception .

S When I was 10 years old I met my best friend .

C When I was 10 years old , met my best friend .

S We 're friends since we start to talk , but our friendship has change over the time .

C We have been since we started talk , but our friendship has changed .

S When we were 12 we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .

C When we were 12 , played in the garden with and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , changed We want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .

S Because of age changing we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up more , we met us the weekends and sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .

C Because of age changing us , did n't see each other but when had grown more , we met on weekends and sometimes were about some problems that we had .

S With the time we are more friends .

C With we became .

S Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .

C Now , we argue but we love each other he always stay together in the good times have coffee or talk about our lives , but we stay together the bad times despite being friends since we were 10 years old .

S For this reason I think that friendship is so important thing in the life .

C For this reason , think that friendship is such an thing in .

S I think the opposite , I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .

C I think the opposite . believe that public transportation has a really huge future .

S It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .

C It is true that there a lot of users that want to use a that number growing . There are also lot of people that do n't have the possibility have a car and some use transportation for reasons , the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a , or of traffic . Sometimes is so exhausting for people drive for and sometimes is faster .

S The population is growing up so fast , we need public transportation , is important .

C The population is growing fast , we need public transportation . It important .

S Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people think is more convenient the car , finally we will need public transportation on the future .

C Public transportation convenient for some people and some people think the car is more convenient Finally , will need public transportation in future .

S In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .

C In our opinion , is a good thing that is happening us , allowing to interact with the whole , so we can get to know monuments , etc .

S It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and in some cases to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .

C It brings a lot of opportunities to change and , some cases , get a better life in other countries and a job with the highest salary .

S Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person live with less than a dollar per day .

C However , need to change some things in the world , more than these is change a lot of things in world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to on than a dollar per day .

S Dear Molly ,

C Dear Molly ,

S I 'm writing of my summer job at the Cinema .

C I 'm writing about summer job at the Cinema .

S it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .

C It really because I could a lot of for and I met the young people of my country .

S In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .

C In the morning , walked the cinema and the most important place in country and I talked the films that could .

S they do more questions and I very funny for this .

C They lot of and I very funny for this

S I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !

C I could n't buy for films could give lot of to my friends !

S I hope that you are funny like me .

C I hope that you are having fun me .

S They pay me a lot of money and I can buy a lot of dress , jeans , shoes , book and make - up .

C They paid a lot of money and I was able to a lot of dresses jeans , shoes , books make - up .

S I see the new film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pop corn !

C I saw new Disney film , Inside out " and I ate lot of

S I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .

C I cried lot in film , it was important to because I love Disney

S I do n't lose anyone !

C I do n't lose anyone !

S hoping for your answer

C Looking forward answer

S I love you

C I love you

S Marta

C Marta

S First at all , this is a report that will explain how the village of Vancouver is handle their rubbish material .

C First of , this is a report that will explain how the city Vancouver handles rubbish

S Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .

C Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go that protect the environment by rubbish by containers . At same time , is a collaboration the city hall of any district that it will provide for each house ; for paper for bottles , last one for rubbish materials

S Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .

C Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down the use by 50% a recycling treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste so our planet .

S Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .

C Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programme the government , that they cut the house by 50% , halls will more money from government .

S I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .

C I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for . If know grammar , only know certain rules for but I think that speaking is more than writing , because when you go to any place the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In part may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo understand . But is another topic Whether understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand the person is trying to say .

S According to your e - mail , we discovered the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .

C With reference your e - mail , we discovered that price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .

S Please be advised that the right amount on the settlement date .

C Please be advised of right amount on the settlement date .

S Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .

C Awaiting prompt

S Ride bicycle is my favourite sport .

C Cycling my favourite sport .

S It helps me healthy .

C It helps me keep .

S It leep me positive mood .

C It leep in a mood .

S I can seen much scenery in short times . I can buy goods along the road .

C I can see lot of in a time I can buy goods along the road .

S Buy a good bike is the first when you start to ride .

C Buying good bike is the first to do you start to cycle

S Once or twice on a week to ride .

C Cycle one or twice a week

S It can Avoid catch cold .

C It can prevent

S It is clear that technology has provided us with several options in communication .

C It is clear that technology has provided us with several options for .

S Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .

C Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , in past , it is not necessary to buy envelopes stamps to send a .

S Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .

C Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .

S Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with their family , friends and relatives

C Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with , friends and relatives

S My favourite sport is basketball .

C My favourite sport is basketball .

S This sport is very easy to play .

C This sport is very easy to play .

S You need to play it on team .

C You need to play it in .

S You need to have ability to play it .

C You need to have skill play it .

S This sport is about you catch the ball and score .

C This sport is about ball and scoring

S You do exercise to be strong and have ability in your legs and your hands .

C You do exercise to be strong and have ability your legs and your hands .

S I enojoy this because I like it .

C I enjoy because I like it .

S I love this sport .

C I love this sport .

S In some cases you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .

C In some cases , could have an accident but that 's not likely

S When I 'm playing this sport I have a great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in a future .

C When I 'm playing this sport I have moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in the .

S It does n't difficult and you can start to play .

C It is difficult and you can start to play .

S All the people can do this sport .

C Anybody do this sport .

S Basketball is recognize to people in the world .

C Basketball is recognized all over world .

S By Emma Aguirre Fuentes

C By Emma Aguirre Fuentes

S Dear Sir ,

C Dear Sir ,

S I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .

C I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .

S I see myself as a perfect candidate for this positiona .

C I see myself as a perfect candidate for this position

S I have already been on camps before .

C I have already been on camps before .

S Yours faithfully

C Yours faithfully

S Mary Pink

C Mary Pink

S Dear Sir / Madam ,

C Dear Sir / Madam ,

S I am writing to apply for the job in summer camp advertised on February 9th on local newspaper .

C I am writing to apply for the job in a camp advertised on February 9th in the newspaper .

S I have worked for last 10 year as a teacher in junior school .

C I have worked for the 10 years a teacher in junior school .

S Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activity .

C Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activities

S I have experience of arranging different sports activity for children .

C I have experience of arranging different sports activities children .

S I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me very suitable candidate for the summer camp .

C I am very good at as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that my makes me a suitable candidate for the summer camp .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .

S Yours sincerely

C Yours faithfully

S John Alder

C John Alder

S The members of my family are my best friends .

C The members of my family are my best friends .

S Because we spend a lot of time together .

C Because we spend a lot of time together .

S And there is a good communication between us .

C And there is communication between us .

S In my opinion , every family must have a good communication . Because I think , communication is one of the most important things in our life .

C In my opinion , every family must have communication , because think is one of the most important things in our life .

S We use communication every time .

C We use communication all the .

S Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .

C Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .

S However , the families that haven't a good communication haven't a good life .

C However , that do n't have do n't have good life .

S If we want to have a good life , we must make good communication in our families

C If we want to have a good life , we must have communication in our families .

S Hi !

C Hi !

S My name is Anton .

C My name is Anton .

S I live in the one of the most beautiful countries - Ukrane .

C I live in of the most beautiful countries - Ukraine

S When I was at school my friends and I attended unior swimming school .

C When I was at school my friends and I attended junior school .

S I was 30 years before .

C That 30 years ago

S I used to have training twice a week .

C I used to have training twice a week .

S I liked that time a lot .

C I liked that time a lot .

S My friend and I always had ice creame and fun after training .

C My friend and I always had ice cream fun after training .

S Now I 'm a business analyst .

C Now I 'm a business analyst .

S I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .

C I work in and have no idea my friends are

S This year I decided to star visiting pool and swim up to three times a week .

C This year I decided to start a and swimming to three times a week .

S Now , when I swim at the open pool , I am overfilled by positive emotions .

C Now , when I swim in open pool , I am overwhelmed positive emotions .

S I like swimming a lot .

C I like swimming a lot .

S Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .

C Nowadays , option broadening mind while is very common

S In my opinion I think that it is not the only way but it is the best way .

C think that it is not the only way , it is the best way .

S Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .

C Apart from that , see new places and you have fun . You learn about , historical , you also learn respect other their

S In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .

C In addition , do n't think about and the only thing you do is have fun and do what you want do .

S Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .

C Besides , see new worlds their life that helps to open your , to the world in another .

S In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn not the only way but yes the best way .

C In conclusion , think that it is the best way to open mind Not only way , yes , best way .

S many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,

C Many have started to be and worried about warming . schools , are doing their best to educate children in to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also teach in to plant trees in the gardens of their towns .

S Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .

C Although the strict many laws and taxes on people who not pay their taxes to the council for removal the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , have to use bicycles and cycle of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .

S First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of these reasons I am about to give .

C First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of the I am about to give .

S Once we stop using Public transport , it is going to causes problems .

C Once we stop using public , it is going to cause .

S For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is going to increase the gasoline uses .

C For example , if we completely rely it is going to increase the use of gasoline

S Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .

C Apparently , is going to cause pollution and global warming issues

S How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .

C However using cars makes easier , when everyone or every house least three cars , is too much .

S Although the traffic jams the accidents etc .. .

C Although , .. .

S public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .

C Public really important and it has a lot of advantages help .

S In my opinion every country they should have different kind of public transport

C In my opinion , country have different kinds public transport ;

S buses , subways , and trains .

C buses , subways , and trains .

S For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .

C For instance , Francisco a great example of city . The of choices of remarkable .

S In spite of the cost of these facilities it is going be expensive but it is necessary .

C In spite of cost of these facilities , is going to expensive , it is necessary .

S In conclusion , The governments should work on that because the people need the public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .

C In conclusion , should work on that , need transport and the world for the environment life expanses is much cheaper than having a car .

S I hope to see it around the world , public trans port something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .

C I hope to see it around the world . Public we can not do without replace with another thing .

S In the future , public transport will disappear .

C In the future , public transport will disappear .

S Everyone will have his own car .

C Everyone will have his own car .

S Cars will be safer and speeder than now .

C Cars will be safer and speedier now .

S Traveling by car will be the best suitable

C Traveling by car will be the most

S way to move from place to another .

C way to move from one to another .

S Recommend to friends what country we have to go .

C Recommend to friends what country they to

S I would like to recoomand friends to visit Italy .

C I would like to recommend to visit Italy .

S first of all , nowadays wherever we go we can find Italian restaurant easily .

C First all , nowadays , we go we can find Italian restaurants .

S There are a lot of food all over the world .

C There is lot of food all over the world .

S but I think Italian restaurant is getting famous .

C but I think Italian restaurants famous .

S Second , beautiful tourist places like a Venice .

C Second , beautiful tourist places like .

S I have been to Italy when I was 20 .

C I went Italy when I was 20 .

S It was awesome .

C It was awesome .

S There is no word to explain .

C There is no word to describe it

S Venice is city that is based on water .

C Venice is a that is based on water .

S There are no car , no metro in Venice .

C There are no cars no metro in Venice .

S On the other hand it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .

C On the other hand , could be complicated , nobody complains

S I think that 's why this city can maintain the safe environment .

C I think that 's why this city can maintain a environment .

S Third , Italy is famous for fashion .

C Third , Italy is famous for fashion .

S It brings many fashionable people .

C It attracts fashionable people .

S if you are person who love fashion you will enjoy going there .

C If are a who loves , will enjoy going there .

S The last thing is history .

C The last thing is history .

S This country has a lot of history .

C This country has a lot of history .

S so it makes me exciting .

C So makes me excited

S so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .

C So you want to visit any country , going to recommend

S The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney world .

C The biggest anecdote that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney World

S Where we could visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .

C Where we were able to all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .

S In adittion we could visit others parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .

C In addition , were able to other , like Universal and Bush Garden .

S But this is not the end of our trip , we went on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .

C But this is not the end of our trip . We on a voyage on Royal Caribean cruise ship where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid

S During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island of the cruise , we went to the beach and played so many games .

C During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island belonging to cruise . We to the beach and played so many games .

S To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have in our lives , because we make friends , visit a new country and we have a lot of fun .

C To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have had our lives , because we made , visited new country and we had lot of fun .

S All about me

C All about me

S My name is Laura .

C My name is Laura .

S I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they all do n't live in the same house ) .

C I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they do n't all in the same house ) .

S I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .

C I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .

S I have a dog named Atlas and he is an Berner Sennen/ Landser .

C I have a dog named Atlas and he is a Sennen/ Landser .

S He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .

C He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .

S I love horses and I 'm practising horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .

C I love horses and I do riding at Djursholms ridklubb .

S I 'm taking care of a horse called Lady .

C I take of a horse called Lady .

S My grandpa lives in Spain with my step grandma but she is like my grandma .

C My grandpa lives in Spain with my stepgrandma she is like my grandma .

S My step mother 's mom is also like my grandma .

C My stepmother mom is also like my grandma .

S I do n't like spiders and shoots .

C I do n't like spiders or

S I went to a awesome concert of points of view and I know that I look forward to telling you how it was .

C I went to an concert of points of view look forward to telling you how it was .

S But let me tell you it was a concert that the performed Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .

C But let me tell you it was a concert by the Band and I have taken I especially , I was the cameraman .

S It was an excellent night .

C It was an excellent night .

S The concert was evening began at 20:00 and came a lot of persoane .

C The concert at 20:00 and a lot of people came

S We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .

C We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .

S Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give you a good feeling .

C Their . Their have positive vibration through their music give you a good feeling .

S On the scene moves very well and know how to take pleasure to the public .

C On the stage they well and know how to give to the public .

S I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when going to have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .

C I feel and my promise is that when I special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .

S As like this in all my heart .

C As like this in all my heart .

S I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .

C I . I as those by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .

S Hi Emma ,

C Hi Emma ,

S are you busy now ?

C are you busy now ?

S i heard that you so really have many of work activities now .

C I that you have a lot work activities now .

S Yesterday I watch fast to furious at the cinema .

C Yesterday I watched Furious the cinema .

S You know that I love action film like this .

C You know that I love action films this .

S During watching the film , I imagine if I am be the fiance of Adam .

C While the film , I imagined I was fiancee Adam .

S OMG , I can stop imagine until now .

C OMG , I can ' t imagining it

S the main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .

C The character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .

S You must watch it too , because your favorite actor also in this film .

C You must watch it too , because your favorite actor is in this film .

S He is in secondary actor , but I really sure you will have imagine as liar as me too .

C He is in a role but I am sure you will have imagined liar as too .

S Why are so many cool man in this world .

C Why are there many cool men this world ?

S xoxo

C xoxo

S The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " movie starting kevin heart and will Ferrell .

C The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " Will .

S This is movie is based on racial humor .

C This is based on racial humor .

S A white man racially profiles a black man .

C A white man racially profiles a black man .

S Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .

C Kevin Heart in a difficult situation because he is at all what this man expects to be , he plays the role anyway .

S The movie is already a success opening the box office with $ 36 million endorsement .

C The movie is already a success , at box office with a 36 million endorsement .

S I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell characters come together .

C I am very excited about Will 's come together .

S They seem to have great chemistry between them .

C They seem to have great chemistry between them .

S I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and even if you 're not the movie is a must see .

C I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited about and , if you 're not , movie is a must - .

S Dear Sir Summer Camp ,

C Dear Sir

S I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .

C I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .

S My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .

C My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .

S I am used to children , I have two sisters with 9 and 11 Years old and I take care of them all the time .

C I am used to children . have two sisters who are and 11 years and I take care of them all the time .

S I am not used to cook to this number of people but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .

C I am not used to cooking number of people , I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be great help to this summer .

S I hope that you consider my application and contact me for the job .

C I hope that you consider my application and contact me about job .

S Best regards ,

C Best regards ,

S Filipa

C Filipa

S Dear Sir ,

C Dear Sir ,

S I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .

C I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .

S 30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .

C 30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .

S I checked connection between Warsaw and Berlin and she might be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf station .

C I checked connections Warsaw and Berlin and she will at Berlin Ostbf station at 11.10

S Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?

C Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?

S I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?

C I think in the it n't be to use transport . ?

S Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .

C To put it simply the new generation has to their licence and I have seen around me , with colleagues , my friends , my family .

S It 's just a question of time when everybody will have a car .

C It 's just a question of time until has car .

S This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .

C This affirmation travelling by car is so much more convenient , . For , we think of spend waiting for a to arrive at destination and traffic is one of lot of things that makes prefer to buy a . It is practical and faster

S Do n't forget the cust .

C Do n't forget the cost

S In my opinion the price of the ticket on bus is expensive .

C In my opinion , price of a on the is expensive .

S Every year the price of public transport turn it up .

C Every year the price of public transport goes

S We can stop and do a mental arithmetic and we can see a lot of many we spend one year .

C We can stop and do some arithmetic and we can see the large amount money spend each .

S If we have a car I believe we do n't spend much money .

C If we have a car , believe we do n't spend much money .

S It 's just my opinion because this is my life so I now what I am talking about .

C It 's just my opinion , this is my life , I know I am talking about .

S Every months a buy my pass for use on the bus .

C Every month my pass to on the bus .

S I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .

C I am part of the new generation who the will cars the public transport will .

S Hi Isabel ,

C Hi Isabel ,

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S Where are you from ?

C Where are you from ?

S I 'm from Italy , I live in Varese a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .

C I 'm from Italy . live in Varese , beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .

S Varese has many attractions between which the lake , where I like to stay .

C Varese has many attractions among there is lake , where I like to go

S My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go to walk with my friends during the afternoon .

C My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go walking my friends in afternoon .

S Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .

C Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .

S Julia is a pretty girl .

C Julia is a pretty girl .

S They spent time together and were very happy .

C They spent time together and were very happy .

S But Michael sometimes has problem .

C But Michael sometimes has a .

S He is proud , it 's not a good way .

C He is proud ; 's not a good way to be

S On Saturday they fighted and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C On Saturday they fought Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .

S public transport is important for anyone .

C Public is important for everyone

S The people should walk more than before .

C People walk more than before .

S That makes them healthy .

C That makes them healthy .

S Nowadays , many accident happened when they were driving their car .

C Nowadays , many accidents people their cars

S They are going to travel around all over the world by plane .

C They around all over the world by plane .

S the young people feel happy more .

C The people feel happier

S In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .

C In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .

S The author claimed that the business dropping causes by the increasing number of skateboarded users .

C The author claimed that the business dropping caused the increasing number of skateboard .

S Likewise , the skateboarded users brought numerous garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .

C Likewise , the skateboard brought a lot of that affects the stores in the plaza .

S Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .

C Based on the 's two concerns the statement that to that prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .

S First of all , it is a contradiction in the argument .

C First of all , there a contradiction in the argument .

S If more skateboarded users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .

C If more skateboard are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .

S It is against author 's assertion .

C This contrary to the 's assertion .

S From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .

C From this point view , the decrease must caused other factors , but not skateboard .

S However , there are many reasons can cause the business dropping .

C However , there are many reasons that cause to drop off

S Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza which could not attract customers walk into , and have to renovate .

C Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , could not attract customers to into them and they will to be renovated

S Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .

C Furthermore , the products sale the stores not ' needs

S Those above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .

C The reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .

S Second , author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .

C Second , the claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboard is not only happen by specific person whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing

S Those problems appeal that there are not sufficient securities in Central Plaza .

C Those problems suggest there is sufficient security Central Plaza .

S Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .

C Moreover , the problem would case skateboarding immediately is the skateboard taking pedestrian walking space .

S To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and divide the different space for walking and skateboarding .

C To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and separate different spaces walking and skateboarding .

S To sum it up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .

C To sum , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .

S In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboarded users would bring more potential to improve the business in Central Plaza .

C In contact author 's concerns the increasing skateboard would bring more potential to improve in Central Plaza .

S On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .

C On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion people who to Central Plaza do n't shop there .

S The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors to affect the business in the plaza .

C The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors that in the plaza .

S To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .

C To strengthen the 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above into argument .

S I have big family consists of three sisters and one brother .

C I have a family which of three sisters and one brother .

S but when comparing my family with my father 's family .

C But comparing my family with my father 's family ,

S I do n't feel that . because he has five sisters and three brother .

C I do n't feel that , he has five sisters and three brothers

S when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time

C When sisters are married they have one or two at most . I the Egyptian has become the passage of time .

S The cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction .

C Cocaine most dangerous addiction .

S Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .

C Firstly , cocaine damages senses and your mind . If take , you wo n't sleep that .

S Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body need more and more , so if you consumed cocaine , you would leave because you 'll an addict .

C Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body needs and more , so if you take , you will you 'll be addict .

S Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .

C Finally , the consequence cocaine is inhale cocaine all the time a lot , you will prematurely

S In conclusion , cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction , because you die early and your body it 's destroyed with the cocaine .

C In conclusion , cocaine is most dangerous addiction , because you die prematurely your body is by cocaine .

S Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u

C Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u

S Yeah , fist time is ok .

C Yeah , first is OK

S But if you want I see some work in special , feel free to show me via note or mention ^^

C But if you want , see work in special Feel to show me via note or mention ^^

S There is an increasing trend of personal transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .

C There is an increasing trend towards so that public transport will be reduced in the future .

S ultimately public transport would be negligible in future .

C Ultimately , transport will negligible in the .

S there are so many reasons that could be affected to public transport system .

C There so many reasons that could affect transport system .

S the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .

C The one is that people are incredibly with their day to day life , that they do n't like to spend their valuable time transport . Also , transport causes of pollution which is harmful for human beings

S for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .

C For , lunchtime is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions carbon mon , affects cells and irritates . As result , they prefer private systems hazards .

S finally public transport system is not safe as always .

C Finally , the transport system is not always safe

S to illustrate , If teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge to them .

C To , if girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so is a big challenge for .

S To who ever it goes ,

C To whom it may concern

S I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting of our company .

C I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting for company .

S Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because if not we would have legal problems .

C Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because , not , will legal problems .

S I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .

C I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .

S Also if it is the case I would like to arrange meeting to give you all the documents you need .

C Also , it is the case , would like to arrange a to give you all the documents you need .

S I am expecting your answer .

C I am looking forward to answer .

S Sincerely , Tania Amado .

C Sincerely , Tania Amado .

S Dear friends ,

C Dear friends ,

S Thank you for the weekend .

C Thank you for the weekend .

S We really enjoy it !

C We really enjoyed !

S Their new house near the beach is very nice .

C Your house near the beach is very nice .

S We enjoyed to swim in the sea , had a sunbathe , had a barbacue and saw sunset .

C We enjoyed swimming the sea , sunbathing having barbecue seeing the .

S For next time we invite you to our woodhouse .

C For next time , would like to you to our woodhouse

S We hope to see you soon !

C We hope to see you soon !

S Best wishes !

C Best wishes !

S The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .

C The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream van the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .

S The line which represent the indoor swimming pool remain fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every year from April to June and October to December own the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .

C The line which represents indoor swimming pool remains steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500 , the of every year from April to June and October to December has highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sales overall .

S However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .

C However , compared to the line for the swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the - van is considerably larger

S Overall , the achievement of ice cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .

C Overall , the achievement of the - van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .

S The best season to sale the ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst season for indoor swimming pool .

C The best season to sell from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst seasons the swimming pool .

S The discrepancy of these two place is large .

C The discrepancy between two places great

S The best sale achievement of the van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .

C The best sales of the van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectively

S One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...

C One day many years ago in some that a do n't remember the name of , woke up one morning than usual , I went to the kitchen and shouted name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined they had gone . Quickly , went out to find them

S But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result

C But there was no one , absolutely no one . was I yelled screamed looked looked , I had no success .

S Suddenly I felt a warm hand that touched my shoulder and very slowly turn but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife

C Suddenly I felt a warm hand touch shoulder and very slowly turned , the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife .

S I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream

C I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream .

S Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .

C Recently , I was on saw a movie trailer . The looked good , days later , friends asked if I wanted to go with to the cinema , so I decided to go and , , had decided to see the film that I had seen days before

S The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .

C The film is a romantic movie . is a , Noa , who lives in a small seaside , with a rich girl . But always , girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough their daughter .

S And at the end of the summer the girl went out but next year she comes again , but this time she has boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .

C And at the end of the summer , girl leaves next year she comes again . But time , has a and this breaks 's heart .

S What Noa does not knows is that she was in love with him since the first time that she saw him .

C What Noa does not know that she was in love with him from first time that she saw him .

S The first of all I should say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .

C First all , should say that I like a lot of different of sports .

S One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .

C One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .

S I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy while I am swimming .

C I have been swimming . I myself I am swimming .

S Swimming develop all types of muscles .

C Swimming develops types of muscles .

S You can swim during all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .

C You can swim year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .

S Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .

C My advice starts swimming yourself you swim

S Thank you for your attention !

C Thank you for your attention !

S With the rising prices for the public transport in London , commuters are choosing using their cars more and more .

C With the rising prices for transport in London , commuters are choosing to use cars more and more .

S Public transport was create to release the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers commute .

C Public transport was created relieve traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers '

S Nowadays trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .

C Nowadays , and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .

S I particularly decided to drive to do my day to day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .

C I particularly to drive to do my day - to - tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .

S To whom may it concern :

C To whom it may :

S I came upon your ad on the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .

C I came upon your ad in newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .

S I 'm a great people person and have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .

C I 'm a great people person and have knowledge of , organising activities for children and also I 'm a jr . .

S I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .

C I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .

S Sincerely yours .

C Sincerely yours ,

S Mario Monteagudo

C Mario Monteagudo

S What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .

C What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .

S I am also hopeful to meet the group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable common memories of student life .

C I also hope meet a of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shared of student life .

S Tell me what has happened at our first meeting ?

C Tell me what at our first meeting ?

S If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention in the email .

C If it is unspeakably for public readings thus it the email .

S Thanks for your good wishes as well .

C Thanks for your good wishes as well .

S Hi my name is Robert .

C Hi my name is Robert .

S My favourite sport is basketball .

C My favourite sport is basketball .

S I really like this sport .

C I really like this sport .

S I was 7 years old when I played first time .

C I was 7 years old when I played it for the time .

S My first match was when I have been in school .

C My first match was when I was school .

S Our team won this match .

C Our team won this match .

S We were happy with this .

C We were happy

S My advice for someone who want to play this game , you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .

C My advice to wants play this game , is that do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .

S I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work , you have to understand each other .

C I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work . You to understand each other .

S It 's really important to be tall because you will score point faster and better .

C It 's really important to be tall because you will score points and better .

S My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .

C My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .

S He is Polish basketball player .

C He is a basketball player .

S He is really tall hi have 202 centimeters .

C He is really tall , centimeters .

S My story with basketball were very short .

C My history was short .

S I ca n't give you to many advice but one thing I know , a team work the most important thing in this game .

C I ca n't give you much , one thing I know , work is most important thing in this game .

S To begin , all is very difficult here .

C To begin , everything very difficult here .

S First place , my country 's politics is bad , and people have not work .

C In the first , my country 's politics are , and people have no .

S In second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .

C In the place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .

S Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in mc donal 's or burguer king for a low salary .

C Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in MacDonald or Burger King a low salary .

S If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example : English , French or German .

C If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example , , French or German .

S You must be a person in charge and worker , and you be able to find a good work .

C You must be a person in charge and a , and you will able to find work .

S My family have a company , and if you want , you going to work with them .

C My family have a company , and if you want , you could them .

S I wish as lot of luck you , here .

C I wish lots of luck

S If you have problems , you can call me ! !

C If you have any , you can call me ! !

S I wait for your call .

C I will for your call .

S Television is an essential part in our life , we turn it on nearly everyday , since it can make life more interseting .

C Television plays essential part in our life ; turn it on nearly every day since it can make life more interesting

S Television entertains us , it can also educate .

C Television entertains us , it can also educate .

S There are two pionts to approve it .

C There are two points prove .

S For one , the show played on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .

C For one , a broadcast television may enlighten and give us some enlightenment .

S Teleplay are not just for fun , it can have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just like a useful book .

C Teleplays not just for fun ; they have a deep meaning . A story tells big a useful book .

S So , why not television can not educate us ?

C So , why ca n't television us ?

S For another , there are many different types of programs , which can broaden our eyes , they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk show and so on .

C For another , there are many different types of programs can broaden our views ; give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk shows so on .

S These programs are not just for killing the time , but for educating .

C These programs are not just for killing , but for educating .

S Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .

C Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .

S To sum up , television entertains , it ca also educate .

C To sum up , television entertains ; can educate .

S Syria has a lot of good restaurants .

C Syria has a lot of good restaurants .

S The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .

C The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .

S It has all kinds of food even the really fancy ones .

C It has all kinds of food , fancy food

S You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family because they have too many types of food .

C You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family , they have so types of food .

S This restaurant also has games for children which they can spend their time playing it .

C This restaurant also has games for children , they can spend their time playing with

S It also includes a huge parking so you can park your own car freely .

C It also includes a huge car park , you can park your own car for free

S At Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .

C On they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .

S It 's a very nice restaurant which I prefer the most

C It 's a very nice restaurant which I like most .

S Invention of car has made people 's lives easier .

C The invention the people 's lives easier .

S No more they have to solely depend on public transport .

C No No do have to solely depend on public transport .

S Though public transport are cheaper and one could get to know many companions , increase network .

C Though public transport is and one could get to know many people and increase one 's .

S But public transport has fixed schedule and on a rushing day not many can really enjoy their journey .

C But public transport has a schedule and on a busy not many can really enjoy their journey .

S Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere where it does n't pass through .

C Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere that does n't pass through .

S Those times car is convenient to use .

C At those , a is convenient to use .

S Ever increasing crowd in cities and thereby traffic problems are increasing .

C Ever increasing crowds cities and problems are increasing .

S The home of the future .

C The home of the future .

S In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be

C These days different , but in the future houses will be

S perhaps the same .

C perhaps the same .

S The future houses will be different not from architecture , but the functionality .

C The future houses will be different not in terms of , but in terms of .

S Different people will be needed different functions , options and functionality of the future house .

C Different people will need functions , options and functionality in future house .

S This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses was the same all round .

C This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses were same all round .

S Progress of the technique is very fast .

C The progress very fast .

S From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the drive will be electricty .

C From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas to future cars when the fuel be electricity

S The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " so I am going to review it for the students film club .

C The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " , I am going to review it for the students film club .

S The film that I selected is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .

C The film that I selected stars and Brad Pitt .

S The film was produced in 2010 by the well know director Stanley Kubrick .

C The film was produced in 2010 by the well - known Stanley Kubrick .

S The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .

C The film the story of Monica ( Scarlett ) and her routine life Cretacro " , enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The Monica falls love with Martin .

S Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change when he met Monica in the principal restaurant

C Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , he changed he met Monica in the main .

S I work for a coffee shop in center city .

C I work in coffee shop in the centre

S One of my main responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .

C One of my main responsibilities is by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .

S I finish word at about 5 pm .

C I finish work about 5 pm .

S After going to learn English class on 3 days in a week .

C After that , I class days week .

S Another , I spent free time do Yoga or make good meat for my family .

C In addition I spend my time doing or cooking meals my family .

S My hoby

C My hobby

S Books , books and again books .

C Books , books and again books .

S I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what is about .

C I really like to read everything I can catch I will have a look in every book to see what it about .

S Often I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Austen books .

C Often , like to read biographies history books and novels , and really like Jane Austen 's .

S I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .

C I have all her collected works home and I enjoy lot having trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; Peter and all of them .

S I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .

C At home I have of books here and in my country , I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in shops at sales , I can find lots of nice books and pay very good price for them .

S When I need a book for my English classes I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .

C When I need a book for my English classes , go to Waterstone or to Amazon .

S Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .

C A few , read Les Miserables , Victor Hugo . read this book when I was in high school , I did n't about subject .

S But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .

C But now I really enjoyed it and my friend bought to theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s hours , did n't move . It a brilliant present .

S This Saturday I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter but I find the book very good .

C This Saturday , started new book by Francine River , the book is called Warrior . haven't finished first chapter , I find the book very good .

S I read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed .

C I have other by this writer and I really enjoyed them

S The public transport in the near future

C Public in the near future

S Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .

C Nowadays , are many modes transportation , as underground , buses , . , it a reality that prefer to travel car .

S Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .

C Currently , by car is more than public ; can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling .

S Teacher , I know to travel by car is the most convenient .

C Teacher , I know travelling car is the most convenient .

S However , I think your mind is similar to what forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .

C However , I think your opinion similar to what our , because for them , society was going to get the transport we have nowadays .

S It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to see .

C It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to seeing

S Nevertheless , I trust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the future .

C Nevertheless , I believe technology the future .

S Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .

C Moreover , we still have lot of things which we can and must improve , , comfort and economic resources

S On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .

C On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation may changed in years

S Maybe , we could find with flying cars or electric bikes .

C Maybe will or electric bikes .

S For all that , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .

C For all these reasons I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .

S According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .

C According to Wordsworth , poet is not an , he has a greater sensitivity knowledge .

S The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surround them .

C The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surrounds .

S The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .

C The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .

S He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .

C He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .

S I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .

C I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .

S Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .

C Sometimes I give them information about names streets or where the main monuments are .

S I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .

C I have no problem helping , but I often have doubts to go .

S The reason is that in my city there are a lot of shopping facilities good for tourists .

C The reason is that in my city there are a lot of good shopping facilities tourists .

S An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .

C An example could be to have entry Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .

S Also , there are some well - known brand ready to give a special prize if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .

C Also , there are some well - known brands to give a special prize if you buy souvenir after 8 pm .

S As you see there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .

C As you see , are a lot of opportunities for to spend their in my city .

S You have only choose what is the best for you .

C You have only to what is the best for you .

S You will not regret .

C You will not regret it

S Hello I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoy nature , travel around the wold , and have a lot of friends .

C Hello , really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoys , travelling the world and having lot of friends .

S I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and share stories because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .

C I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , tell , I like to talk to people , and I like kids .

S I can speak English and I really enjoy to do so .

C I can speak English and I really enjoy doing .

S My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .

C My town makes to take of the . They have many bins the streets to keep it clean and prevent private transport days to keep the clean . They to absorb co2 and release oxygen they build factories away from the houses citizens prevent the diseases which are result of air pollution from factories . So , only my country itself also follow a proper procedure keep the clean .

S Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .

C Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .

S The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and them one of the two teams kicks it .

C The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and then of the two teams kicks it .

S The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents net with your foot only .

C The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents ' using your foot

S In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .

C In 1994 , The Scream one of the most expensive paintings world was stolen from National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .

S At first the police detective thought one of the special band was stolen the painting .

C At first , police detectives one of the special gangs the painting .

S Then , researchers knew that Pal Enger , art - thief more popular in Norway , was who stolen the painting .

C Then , researchers found out Pal Enger , the most famous art thief Norway , was the person had the painting .

S Only he needed 50 second to stolen the painting .

C He only 50 seconds steal painting .

S When he stolen the painting he wrote a note sayng : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to stolen the painting .

C When he stole painting he wrote a note saying " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to steal painting .

S 3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars for the painting but the Norway government said no .

C 3 months ago , he wanted million dollars for the painting , the Norwegian said no .

S Finally , the Norway police catch the painting again in one policy investigation .

C Finally , the Norwegian got painting back to .

S I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .

C I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .

S Particularly , I am highly skilled in welcoming and directing customers .

C In particular I am highly skilled at and directing customers .

S About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .

C About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .

S I also have confronting problem skill .

C I also have problem - solving

S From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .

C In job , I was compliment

S Whenever there was a problem , I could realize it and could solve it rapidly .

C whenever was a problem , I could notice and could solve it quickly

S I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .

C I can service with a smile , if was in situation .

S With these qualifications and personality , I believe that it will prove me as an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .

C With these qualifications and personality , I believe that they prove me to be ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .

S 2 Attachments

C 2 Attachments

S wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time such as : history , education and healthy .

C Wasting is a huge issue in our lives A of knowledge is to time , as , education and health

S We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .

C We discuss a topic about ‽time . This quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; you do cut it , it will cut you " .

S Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they busy .

C Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they are .

S Actually , in my life I consider it as a king of my system who controls whole of my day .

C Actually , in my life , consider it as the of my system , controls the of my day .

S there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .

C There people treat time like of their , they have the right to waste and the right to look after it .

S In the oposit side , some people let the time control their life .

C On the other hand some people let control their lives

S However we should be balance from the both types .

C However , should have a between .

S she wasted it she can not get it back .

C She it . She not get it back .

S There is a time to love and a time to hate .

C There is a time to love and a time to hate .

S Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .

C Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .

S Imagine how you will live if you do n't have knowledge called ' time ' .

C Imagine how you would if you did have knowledge of the thing ' time ' .

S I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .

C I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .

S I did not care to time I usually said this is my life and my time .

C I did not care about . used to say , is my life and my time .

S But this is change after my brother arranges with me to organize our time .

C But this changed my brother arranged me to organize our time .

S He will leave me at home or pay for him two riyals for every minute if I late to him .

C He would me at home or I had to two riyals for every minute if I was for .

S When I ask him to get me someplace . I can not count how many times I stay at home because I am late .

C When I asked to take someplace , can not count how many times I stayed home because I was .

S On time , penictual

C On time , penictual

S I think that there is future for public transport , because there are still exist people who can not afford to buy a car , even travelling by car is much more convenient .

C I think that there is a for public transport , because there are still who can not afford to buy a car , even though by car is much more convenient .

S We have to consider people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .

C We have to consider that need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .

S I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .

C I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .

S I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .

C I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .

S I 'm a worker person and I like children .

C I 'm a hard - working and I like children .

S In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .

C In the workplace 'm a responsible , I am late

S Also I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .

C Also , always work with children and I have a teaching I'm a friendly and I have a good CV

S My experience of this job y longer .

C My experience of this job is

S I began to work 4 years ago in a special children school .

C I began to work 4 years ago in a special children 's .

S This job is great because also I learn a lot of things .

C This job is great because I also a lot of things .

S i like to have sports activities and education activities .

C I to do activities and educational .

S my prefers activities are outin the freeair .

C My are out in open air

S I like prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is more fast .

C I like to my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is quicker

S I think that this job is for the children enjoy so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .

C I think that this job is for the children 's I 'm the right because I like playing with them .

S In the terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrate the process of making it .

C In of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrates process of making them

S There are mainly 4 stepts , design , preparation , printing and inspecting .

C There are mainly 4 steps , preparation , printing and inspecting .

S This writing will explain these different stept .

C This essay explain these different steps

S Firstly , staff and Personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such as notes for supermarket .

C Firstly , personnel the background colour , the artwork and the security the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such such notes for supermarkets

S Then in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare of metal plates for printing .

C Then , the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare plates for printing .

S After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .

C After of bank notes are printed , there are differences specials it , it uses ink , and prints on both sides , and are slightly raised

S At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .

C Finally , at bank manually check all printing sheets divide into three categories : " bad " are for disposal , where things are securely ; " Good sheets " will go for and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .

S However sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .

C However , that are " partially will be inspected and separated into good and bad sheets sent for further actions .

S I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant topic .

C I 'd like to write subject because it 's a important .

S my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .

C My sport is football . like it so much . It a lot to me . means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .

S the whole world get together to support there favourite teams & the boys played it in the streets together .

C The world gets to support their teams & the boys play in the streets together .

S I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .

C I enjoy when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium support team with flag &

S I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him

C I advise anyone who member the most famous teams to work himself lot play football a lot to be professional this sport and a lot of matches & followed captain supervised on him

S This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding career in our life .

C This issue is not clear - cut on money and job satisfaction are important in deciding on a in our life .

S I think that on balance it is more important to try to get satisfaction .

C I think that , balance , is more important to try to get satisfaction .

S First , happiness comes from inside our mind .

C First , happiness comes from inside our mind .

S We work eight hours a day so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .

C We work eight hours a day , if we submerge in a bloody pond long time , we definitely make frustrated .

S I would choose a job with satisfaction .

C I would choose a job with satisfaction .

S In my own case , I am working as a co - cook in a diner .

C In my own case , I work a co - cook in a diner .

S Cooking has been my favorite in my life .

C Cooking has been my favorite in my life .

S Costumers ' satisfaction brings me happiness .

C Customer me happiness .

S Although the heat in the kitchen could burn us , the smile on the customers gives the best courage .

C Although the heat in the kitchen can us , the smile on the customers ' faces us best courage .

S Also , the satisfaction from the customers pushes me to work harder and be better on my job .

C Also , the satisfaction of customers pushes me to work harder and be better at job .

S Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .

C Job satisfaction could make us to purchase .

S The more I can perform the much I can gain .

C The better can perform the more can earn

S As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get better paid .

C As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get paid better

S I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customer a fabulous dish .

C I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customers fabulous dish .

S On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if this is possible .

C On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if that possible .

S Dear Paul ,

C Dear Paul ,

S What 's up ?

C What 's up ?

S I 'm writing top you with great news .

C I 'm writing to with great news .

S I tell you about the concert which I was last month .

C I want to you about the concert which I went to month .

S It was the best concert in my life .

C It was the best concert of life .

S As you know , I adore Madonna .

C As you know , I adore Madonna .

S She can make very exciting show and surprise her fans .

C She can make a exciting show and surprise her fans .

S They people of my city is working to keep it clean .

C The of my city are to keep it clean .

S Purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .

C They have purchased bins and they done that says : Keep the city clean is all .

S they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .

C They have playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray grandparents their grandchildren a deck painted with some dolls that say ,

S What is my city clean .

C What is my city clean

S I will talk about passion in a life .

C I will talk about passion in .

S passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .

C Passion the best thing you have to achieve your goals .

S passion is something makes you happy in your life .

C Passion something that you happy in your life .

S when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .

C When have the to do something , something always dreamt inside not only when you it , also when you about it

S you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion

C You calm down and get from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a man , and then you will find your passion .

S The Home of the Future .

C The Home of the Future .

S At the moment we have a nice house with the garden .

C At the moment we have a nice house with a .

S But what will be in the future ?

C But what will there in the future ?

S Possible we will in a space or underground .

C Possibly , will live or underground .

S In the future everything can change .

C In the future , could .

S It can be painted with new colour .

C It could painted with new colours

S It can be with the flowers .

C It could

S But I think that not many change .

C But I think that not many things will .

S Probably houses will be smaller or bigger .

C Probably , will be smaller or bigger .

S They do not look like big white ball .

C They wo n't like big white balls

S Variety of negative impacts appears under rapid urbanization .

C A variety negative impacts appear a result of urbanization .

S Urban flood is one of them .

C Urban flooding one of them .

S Not only the growing impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .

C Not only the growing proportion of surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .

S Mountains of studies demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control storm water .

C Mountains of studies have that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control stormwater

S However , urban flood keeps raging even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .

C However , urban flooding raging , when the amount of green infrastructure fulfils stormwater - needs in some areas .

S What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flood ?

C What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flooding

S each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .

C Each a favourite sport and so do I. I like soccer because it is exciting and I learn many things I it .

S As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .

C As you know soccer is a sport which has many people in a team so it requires us to and assist other

S most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .

C Most this . I that it brings energy , we need to do exercise , have a diet ... and so on .

S i hope that you will try on it someday and realize it is correct

C I that you will try someday and realize it is true .

S Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so

C Our mistakes than before . If life we did n't mistakes would n't succeed . That why are very important in life and I believe our mistakes us .

S but in another way there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake

C But the other hand just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake

S This article is about how I think about the efficiency of public transport .

C This article is about what think about the efficiency of public transport .

S As I lived more than 12 years on the countryside I was dependent on busses and trains .

C When lived for than 12 years in countryside , was dependent on buses trains .

S In the morning , I needed to get to school and in the evenings public transport helped me to get home .

C In the morning , I needed to get to school and , the evenings , transport helped me to get home .

S I hold the opinion that a more frequent and more regular transport is needed .

C I am of opinion that frequent and more regular transport is needed .

S Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan to advance .

C Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan in .

S I was hardly waiting for my 18th birthday .

C I could hardly wait my 18th birthday .

S I do agree television advertising direct toward young children should not bet allowed for several reasons .

C I do agree television advertising directed young children should not be for several reasons .

S First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact young children are still strongly vulnerable .

C First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden account of fact that children are still very .

S Kids around these age ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a maturated critical sense and anything can easyly persuade them .

C Kids around these ages 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a mature sense and anything can easily them .

S For instance , when I was three years old I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were exposed .

C For instance , when I was three years old , used to be captivated by the toys which were presented in just because of way they were presented

S One of them was " the ultimate max steel " which was about a hundred dollars .

C One of them was " the ultimate max steel " , was about a hundred dollars .

S Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .

C Secondly , I am also opposed to allowance this advertising of severe has parents ' child 's relationships .

S It is common we see parents having issues with their kids in reason to this kind of commercial .

C It is common to parents having issues with their kids because kind of commercial .

S Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .

C Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .

S One example is what happened with / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child called Sophia .

C One example is what happened my cousin Patricia when she had her first child , Sophia .

S One day sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .

C One day , really excited about advertisement for a doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .

S Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !

C Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - kid - not understand it and got angry with Patricia , speaking for three weeks !

S In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .

C In conclusion , I am strongly in favour statement . Advertisements young kids , not only upto but upto years old should be forbidden of kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .

S In last case , if the advertisements were still exposed , It would be essential some educational politics come with them , valorizing and teaching kids on understanding their parents .

C Finally if the advertisements are broadcast it some educational politics comes them , valorizing and teaching kids about their parents .

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,

S I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .

C I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .

S You have asked about a server in your cafe .

C You have asked for waiter your cafe .

S I think , it 's a great job for me .

C I think 's a great job for me .

S I 'm very talented to work with people .

C I 'm very talented at people .

S In my education at school , i learned to cook and to wait a table .

C At , I to cook and to wait on

S Also I can work long hours .

C Also , can work long hours .

S In another job before , I worked per day for 8 ours .

C In another job before , I worked 8 hours per day

S So I think , it 's no problem for me , to stay and run the whole day .

C So I think , it 's no problem for me stay and work whole day .

S I made one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .

C I did one - week in a restaurant in my village .

S There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .

C There I saw a venture like this works you wo n't have show me the whole job .

S I 'm really interested in that job .

C I 'm really interested in that job .

S By the way I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and come every time punctual .

C By the way , live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke will punctually every time

S Yours sincerely

C Yours sincerely

S Niklas Lakatos

C Niklas Lakatos

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,

C Dear Mrs ,

S I am writing in response to yor advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .

C I am writing in response to your which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .

S I would like to be consider to work in your cafe during weekends .

C I would like to be considered in your cafe during the .

S I am a twenty - year - old student currenly studying for being a chef .

C I am a twenty - year - old student currently to chef .

S I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .

C I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .

S I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .

C I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .

S I am some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .

C I have experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .

S I am used to deal with people and their orders to eat and also , I am getting used to working long hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .

C I am used to dealing people and their orders to eat , also , I am to working long hours as I am studying I am trying to get a job .

S If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in conctact me .

C If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in contact .

S Yours fatefully ,

C Yours faithfully

S Yoana .

C Yoana .

S My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it

C My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because there any dirty streets in it .

S The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago

C The governor of my city is seeking develop it and he said it will be the capital of the actually in years .

S the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .

C The in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods The collect rubbish and throw in big boxes far away from city .

S Tanta will be attractive city and it will be important tourism point in the future .

C Tanta will be an city and it will be an tourist the future .

S If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's the most beautiful Disney 's movie .

C If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend Nemo " . It the most beautiful Disney .

S The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark , only the dad and one baby egg survived .

C The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark . Only dad and one baby egg survived .

S The baby name was nemo .

C The baby 's was Nemo

S When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , there he is going to be captured by a man .

C When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first day at school and he is by a man .

S The only thing they found was a pair of googles that said the direccion of the man .

C The only thing they found was a pair of goggles said the home the man .

S Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist house .

C Nemo 's father knew fish called Doris that wanted to helped him . They all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's .

S They finally meet and get happy again with a lot of good friends .

C They finally meet and are again with a lot of good friends .

S I think you would love it .

C I think you would love it .

S With love , Santiago .

C With love , Santiago .

S This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .

C This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .

S When I was young I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .

C When I was young , tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .

S I do n't do sport now ,

C I do n't do sport now .

S I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .

C I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .

S It is a fact that pollution is the one of the biggest concernment of advanced world .

C It is a fact that pollution is of the biggest concerns the .

S The reason can be attributed to increased consumeristic nature and unware about waste management .

C The reason can be attributed to increased consumerism of awareness waste management .

S In the following paragraphs , am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide solution .

C In the following paragraphs , I going to analyze these issues a detailed way to provide a .

S Dear Tom

C Dear Tom

S I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .

C I understand why it so difficult to decide activity is more important for you

S I think I would have the same perpelxity .

C I think I would have the same dilemma

S However sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .

C However , we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .

S As you know I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important then I would prefer sport .

C As you know , am a person who likes sport and music , but if I had decide which of those activities important , I would choose .

S I think the physical activity can give us more profit in our life .

C I think activity can give us more benefits our life .

S For example if You are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .

C For example , you active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .

S Sport activity also make us feel more flexible and ready to force every day .

C Sports also makes feel more flexible and ready to face day .

S In conclusion I think you should give up your music classes .

C In conclusion , think you should give up your music classes .

S Regards

C Regards

S Mikolaj

C Mikolaj

S Truly , there is no future for public transport .

C Truly , there is no future for public transport .

S Nowadays cars are more affordable than ever .

C Nowadays , are more affordable than ever .

S Almost every single household has more than one car .

C Almost every single household has more than one car .

S With the development of the technologies , people will use other means of transport .

C With the development of people will use other means of transport .

S Having in mind that the society is also changing , people will tend to choose their place of work , which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .

C Bearing mind that is also changing , people will tend to choose a of work is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .

S We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .

C We are witnessing a great development in these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .

S Three Suggestions to be Doctor

C Three Suggestions to be a

S Do want to be doctor?.Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .

C Do you to be a ? Many around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .

S If you want to be a doctor , you should do this three things .

C If you want to be a doctor , you should do these things .

S First , you have to study hard every single day at the high school .

C First , you have to study hard every single day at school .

S When study hard at the high school you will be

C When study hard at school , will be

S By looking at current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that can occur in future .

C By looking at the situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that could in the .

S People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food instead they are very much interested in earning money .

C People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food . Instead are very in earning money .

S With no physical exercise & Healthy food people are damaging their health and family relations .

C With no physical exercise & healthy , are damaging their health and family relations .

S Now a days nobody has enough time to spend with family , Rather they prefer to make more money by working extra hours

C Now Nowadays , has enough time to spend with family . Instead , prefer to make more money by working extra hours .

S If people live the same way as now , in future people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .

C If people live the same way as now , in the , will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .

S When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .

C When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .

S For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .

C For several , I really liked to play basketball . First playing basketball can train your make the body . classmates and I all know how to win a game from team sport

S If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .

C If you play and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court a basketball , and throw the ball into the basket again and again .

S Do n't forget to play with your friends .

C Do n't forget to play with your friends .

S Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism research through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .

C Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterize tourism research epistemologically the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .

S They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .

C They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .

S Not everyone has car , so public transport is needed for every country .

C Not everyone has a , so public transport is needed in country .

S Public transport is helping people to get work on time and help to reduce pollution .

C Public transport helps to get to on time and helps reduce pollution .

S Also , for low income families , they could n't afford to buy new cars , then transposition will help them to survive .

C Also , for low income families , who n't afford to buy new cars , public will help them to survive .

S Public transport is also reduce the daily traffic .

C Public transport reduces daily traffic .

S it helps people to keep track their schedule .

C It people to keep on in schedule .

S hello i like people and the children and i like to play make fun with children its very cool .

C Hello , people and and I to play and have with children . It 's cool .

S i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook

C I 'm very happy person and very interested in and all things about the kitchen . It 's . My job .

S Hi Michael ,

C Hi Michael ,

S How are you ? I just want to say hello .

C How are you ? I just want to say hello .

S Currently , I stand at Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .

C Currently , I am square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .

S I am looking forward to it as a small kid ! :)

C I am looking forward to it like small kid ! :)

S I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .

C I had the pleasure of Sparta in square on my first day in Greece .

S I spent last night in this hotel .

C I spent last night at hotel .

S I watched a Greek TV show .

C I watched a Greek TV show .

S Dear Dana Grey ,

C Dear Dana Grey ,

S I get in touch with you to inform him that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists of different places .

C I am getting touch with you to inform you from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists from places .

S There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be able to find museums , churches , exhibitions .

C There will be leaflets , cartels its , in which it will be possible find museums , churches , exhibitions .

S Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital , therefore they will find typical menus with products of Extremadura in its restaurants .

C Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital . Therefore , will find typical menus with products from in its restaurants .

S I recommend you to visit Caceres .

C I recommend you to visit Caceres .

S The best thing it is what stay for visiting .

C The best thing it is what stay for visiting .

S If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .

C If there do not hesitate to contact .

S Sheila Giménez

C Sheila Giménez

S Ágora Manager

C Ágora Manager

S We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .

C Can we confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going the , the , or and so on using private transport . However should think that in the centre there is parking for there not enough for all cars so if we use transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , because we are able to save money and time .

S A comparison between people who like to use a public transport and private transport shows that first one can save money and time but also they are in relax much more than people who use private transport .

C A comparison between people who like to use transport and private transport shows that the save money and time but they are also more relaxed people who use private transport .

S Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .

C Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .

S I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thought and can likely to write a very useful article .

C I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thinking can likely to write very useful article .

S i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .

C I volleyball it is of my life and of the of my mother . It my favorite sport , but I other too , same n't play volleyball I 'm bad , and my friends that I , do n't like who are at .

S I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad

C I'm watch . They really very good , but when they other they 're very bad .

S In modern growing world , The basic needs of general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .

C In the growing , the needs of the public are increasing day by day and their expectations of of life have taken on .

S When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .

C When we were children we used to use transport for going from place to another because that was the available .

S But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .

C But today , things changing technology plays significant role in our lives automobile its vertical having a car has become necessity than a

S We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .

C We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .

S A car can help him to go anywhere and anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .

C A car can help a person go anywhere and at time much less time to public transport .

S I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .

C I believe that as the technology in cars , will be keen to use their own vehicle instead of transport .

S There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .

C There are many reasons responsible a better understanding between parents and child .

S The first reason is no other than generation gap .

C The first reason is none than the gap .

S What is more , parents always consider their child best .

C What is more , parents always consider their child the .

S Parents often compare child to others also plays a role in this case .

C Parents often compare their others , and this plays a role in this case .

S As far as I know how to better understanding between parent and child .

C As far as I know , to better understanding between parent and child

S According to the present situation it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .

C According to the present situation , is a pity that their relative influence happiness family

S Therefore it is an important that we should cerebrate this problem .

C Therefore it is that we should think about problem .

S The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have positive attitude .

C The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have a attitude .

S On the one hand , we may take a communication forum , it can share everyone 's cerebration .

C On the one hand , we could communication forum . It everyone 's thoughts

S On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think their reasons .

C On the other hand , we should stand in other point think about reasons .

S Only by talking your points with your parents can prove all the problem .

C Only by talking about opinions your parents can you all the .

S Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .

C Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued them .

S All in all , if you were to do this , your parents will not blame for you .

C All in all , if you were to do this , your parents would blame .

S the wellness depend on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .

C Wellness three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .

S the factor that we talk about is sport .

C The that we are talking is sport .

S the sport is very important for the health .

C Sport very important for the health .

S the sport increase our physical performance .

C Sport physical performance .

S the are a lot type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .

C There a lot of different sports but one of them is the most popular the world : .

S football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .

C Football a simple sport the players kick the ball into opponents ' . In sport , you principally improve leg muscles , all your body moves

S homever the football is so competitive .

C However , very .

S all the states in the world have an own league .

C All states in the world have their league .

S the best three team in the national league can take part at champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .

C The three teams the national league can take part in the league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .

S lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .

C These days lot of children to be players they practise sport all the and everywhere to improve their

S homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no money , the height ( all team require a tall player ) and so on .

C However , lot of them n't reach this goal a lot of reasons : no money , ( all teams a tall player ) and so on .

S the football is very funny and you can play it everywhere with someone .

C Football great you can play it anywhere anyone

S the football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nation .

C Football a sport that group fun lot of nations

S For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .

C For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , can not humans , they do n't have a and ca n't feel anything .

S Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .

C Computers do things that humans ca , or that are difficult or too time .

S Computers have to obey orders of humans .

C Computers have to obey the of humans .

S Computers depend on humans for their existence .

C Computers depend on humans for their existence .

S And it is going to be for all the eternity .

C And it is going to be this way all .

S Humans is the best ! ! ! !

C Humans are best ! ! ! !

S The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .

C The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .

S It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .

C It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .

S The diagramm shows the development of 1998 to 2014 .

C The diagram the development from to 2014 .

S The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .

C The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .

S You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .

C You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .

S In 2005 was a low but it grew than again .

C was a low , it grew .

S 1998 you are able to see that it decreased slightly .

C In , are able to see that it decreased slightly .

S " The Exorcist " , the film .

C " The Exorcist " , the film .

S " The Exorcist " , is one of the most exciting and astonishing thriller that I have seen in my life .

C " The Exorcist " one of the most exciting and astonishing thrillers I have seen in my life .

S Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .

C The ' sublime , and they make you feel afraid throughout the .

S Especial effects are amazing .

C The are amazing .

S Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .

C Even though destacable the fidelity the text of the novel .

S On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .

C One that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . mean that you can watch it any decade of your life , and it like contemporary .

S This confirm " The Exorcist " is a great film .

C This confirms The Exorcist " as great film .

S Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and lands are replaced by blocks and transport networks .

C Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and wetlands replaced by tower and transport networks .

S This will cause three problems to we humans and animals .

C This will cause three problems for and animals .

S First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health

C First and foremost , it can cause environment , which can affect our health .

S Through this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagan spring festival may look like celebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .

C Through this comparison the author wants to show the pagan spring festival may look like a of Christian , but it is not .

S On Easter time the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration

C At time , important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . contrast the pagan spring festival does n't focus consecration but rather on celebration .

S My town takes care of the environment because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants they can .

C My town takes care of the environment , the people of my town try to plant as trees and plants as can .

S The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .

C The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere too polluted so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In morning , lot of people go on foot to to , ride a bike , they take the bus .

S The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .

C People to move factories out of the , there less air pollution less smoke , fewer and more forests and plants .

S travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .

C Travelling car convenient , for most , transport is very important and much needed

S no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple

C Not can to make journeys car . A car easy and cozy also , public transport fair and very for classes people .

S public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .

C Public mainly means . People to travel distances public . It possible to carry large numbers people to places .

S Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet

C The coat arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , which the output is a rampant holding in its arm , the left shoulder a ax , under two starlets .

S I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .

C I like to drive my , I love speed , and it 's to go out and drive with your friends to a beach maybe a BBQ party .

S I drive a Zündapp KS50 , it is an old moped from 1975 .

C I drive a Zündapp KS50 . It an old moped from 1975 .

S hello

C Hello

S my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job

C My is Mustafa . am 23 years old and I am a in collage . have been looking a but I have found job

S I wish that my country become a great country and better and I wish to married who I love her

C I hope my country becomes great country and better , I hope get to someone I love .

S thank you

C Thank

S Why does culture differences sometimes cause a division of a country ?

C Why do sometimes cause the of a country ?

S Recently Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' for some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .

C Recently , really has ' Hit the world ' of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .

S Although I knew that there is some conflication between England and Scotland , but the vote has really shocked me .

C Although I knew that there was conflict England and Scotland , vote shocked me .

S However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated from the United Kingdom .

C However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent of voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separate the United Kingdom .

S Public transport is here to stay .

C Public transport is here to stay .

S - This goes without saying cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement although I do abhor using public transport .

C - It without saying that are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement , I do abhor using public transport .

S I have been travelling with both for yeras , and I reckon each and everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .

C I have been travelling with both for years and I reckon ends up needing public transport one day or another .

S I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .

C I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .

S As a grown - up now , I know full well how more affordable public transport is albeit less than before .

C As a grown - up now , I know full well how much affordable public transport is , less than before .

S Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , garage and a tennis pitch .

C Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , a and a tennis court

S In fornt lives the richard 's family .

C Richard 's family lives opposite

S Richards parents are a good neighbours .

C Richard 's are neighbours .

S They are doctors in a serious hospital .

C They are doctors at serious .

S The likes go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard has got a tortoise call " Peny " .

C He going with friends and going . has got a tortoise called Peny " .

S In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .

C In this area there are a lot clothes shops and supermarkets , but there n't any shops .

S The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .

C The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .

S I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know good people and visit beautiful places .

C I 'm so happy with these holidays . hope I people and visit beautiful places .

S Love , see you soon .

C Love , see you soon .

S The rapid advancing information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .

C The rapid advance of technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level

S The connectivity derived from Internet provides the invaluable business tool for online banking .

C The connectivity derived from the provides an business tool for online banking .

S It influenced the consumers behavior on banking services .

C It influences to services .

S The consumers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computer ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental changes .

C The customers traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computers PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental change

S Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )

C Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )

S Compared with the past when we use horse for transportation .

C Compared with the past when we uses transportation .

S Did the people have the same opinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use horse ?

C Did have the same opinion that there was future for transport , and we can only horses

S The reason for why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .

C The reason we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .

S Cars replaced the horse , and even plane have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .

C Cars replaced the horse , and even planes replaced the cars for long distance transportation .

S So I think there will be future for public transportation , and this may because of the updated technologies .

C So I think there will be a for public transportation , and this may be of technologies .

S My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .

C My favourite sport is , it is the most popular sport world

S After school my friends and I go to a park to play soccer , we play for two hours .

C After school , friends and I go to a park to play soccer . We for two hours .

S when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .

C When were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink . She feeling much better so they persuaded mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at house so she could get some rest and so she could eat chicken soup , because they wanted to feel better .

S Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued piking the trash from the grass .

C Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued picking up trash from the grass .

S Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know in how much time they 'll returned to their house .

C Later they went to see a grotesque stroke after Fernanda , , Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know how soon 'd to their house .

S So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .

C So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at 11:00pm . It dark they would n't be to see Fernanda . An time the lights were off , and they tried put them on but the lights did n't turn on .

S They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .

C They went to sleep and morning the came , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for , so she got with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of room .

S Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .

C Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing . So mom told her that they came out of park at 9:00pm . It still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the thought that she had a globe , and her mother told the police that she did have alcohol or wine in car , and the did n't believe and they took them to the police station so they could check her , and after 10 minutes , told her that she did n't have anything So from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .

S She had allude the police before that she did n't have anything on the car .

C She had evaded police before that , but did n't have anything in car .

S When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .

C When Fernanda came out of room , she started looking mom 's to see she had about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .

S But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .

C But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was her any lies and her mom told her that she promised was a .

S Hello Maria ,

C Hello Maria ,

S thanks a lot for your respond .

C thanks a lot for your response

S Here some information about us .

C Here is information about us .

S We are married couple , both 32 years old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .

C We are a couple , both 32 years old , living the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .

S I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .

C I am originally from Ukraine and 2009 till last year in Germany , Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland years

S We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbands ' job in the new opening hotel Kirchgasse , right in the corner from the apartment .

C We 're moving to Zürich because of my husband 's in the newly - opened Kirchgasse , right on corner from the apartment .

S And i will start studying in the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .

C And I start studying at Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .

S We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .

C We 're looking for a nice new , so , are very in place tidy taking of as if were our own .

S If you 'd like we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .

C If you 'd like , could get our previous landlords .

S I hope this information is enough for the beginning and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .

C I hope this information is enough for a we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .

S This week we are flexible to come over from Thursday to Saturday , and the days before only in the evening .

C This week we are flexible and could over from Thursday to Saturday , and only in the evening the days before

S Looking forward to hear from you and wish you a nice day .

C Looking forward to hearing you and wishing a nice day .

S Kind regards

C Kind regards

S Kate and Juan

C Kate and Juan

S If I told you that , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .

C If I told you to choose between car or by bus , which one would you ?

S a lot of people nowadays will take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .

C A of people nowadays would their own car , it 's easier and flexible .

S But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .

C But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? because of their minds They having their own way of is an important reason . People to have a private means of transportation .

S that 's why there is no future for public transport

C That why there is no future for public transport .

S I promised to lean for math the whole week .

C I promised to learn for whole week .

S But every time , I get trubbel .

C But every time , I get trouble

S I know I have to lean but to start leaning is n't easy .

C I know I have to learn to start learning n't easy .

S I do n't want to study but there is no way out .

C I do n't want to study , there is no way out .

S I have to .

C I have to .

S My favourite sport is football , the principal reason why I like it is because when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .

C My favourite sport is football . The why I like it is because , I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .

S I remember those years and I would like that my children will practise it when they will be oldest , an interesting sport .

C I remember those years and I would like children to it when they are It is interesting sport .

S My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid , the best team .

C My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid ; best team .

S If I were football player , I would like played in this team , but I think that it is very difficult because , only the best players gets it .

C If I were a player , I would like to play this team , but I think that it is very difficult , the best players get to do .

S Nowadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .

C Nowadays , like to do other sports tennis , basketball ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .

S These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy for many years .

C These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy them many years .

S Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .

C Finally , recommend this sport for order to have healthy life , get together with their friends , forget for alcohol and drugs for a while

S I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .

C I love sports and I believe playing the best thing good life .

S I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .

C I am here to write composition about public transportation in Somalia , capital city , , there is public transport compared our neighboring countries . There a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , is the , distracted , may cause collateral damage .

S Sometimes passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .

C Sometimes , and drivers face risks and road blocks , usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .

S So having good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .

C So , a infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .

S Thanks .

C Thanks .

S Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puerto , here we have a lot of shops .

C Hello friends , to Puerto . Here have a lot of shops .

S What would you like to buy ?

C What would you like to buy ?

S We have a commercial center very nice .

C We have a very nice shopping centre

S If you want you can buy a lot of things there .

C If you want , can buy a lot of things there .

S 1 . Is it possible to go without compression machine ?

C 1 . Is it possible to go without a machine ?

S Will we can to compress ducts manually ?

C Will we be able compress ducts manually ?

S 2 . I 've noticed that the machine cost is higher than it 's been anteriorly .

C 2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's is higher than it was

S Please , send to us actual strip material price .

C Please , send the strip material price .

S 3 .

C 3 .

S If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in future .

C If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in the .

S Do we have to buy one new special machine ?

C Do we have to buy a new ?

S As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .

C As for transport , can save fuel as well as reduce , it takes time to reach the destination ,

S while if you have your own conveyance you can save time and moreover it is safe .

C while if you have your own conveyance , can save time and , , is safe .

S the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .

C The important thing is , would be heavy on the roads and the would move slowly

S but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport

C But in view of , should choose use public transport .

S USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT

C USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT

S Dear all

C Dear all

S I am writing you because I am interested in the job of summer camps .

C I am writing to because I am interested in the job at the camps .

S My name is Andreas Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .

C My name is Andreas Costa Souza . am a student of Digital Media at of Monterrey .

S I like going to camp because I love nature and I delight to know new people around the world .

C I like going to camp because I love nature and I love people from the world .

S I consider a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile in my face .

C I consider myself friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile on face .

S Every time I have a lot of energy .

C I always a lot of energy .

S I have experience working with children , my experience is about to years in summer camps around the world .

C I have experience working with children . My is from in summer camps around the world .

S I had been working in sport events like organizer .

C I worked events as an .

S Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k on Cuernavaca , Morelos .

C Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k in , Morelos .

S I do not have experience working in the kitchen .

C I do not have experience working in a .

S However , I know to cook every kind of food .

C However , I know how cook every kind of food .

S I hope a respond and feel free to contact me .

C I look forward to response please free to contact me .

S Yours Sincerely ,

C Yours Sincerely ,

S Andreas Costa

C Andreas Costa

S m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com

C m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com

S 123 456 7890 .

C 123 456 7890 .

S I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .

C I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .

S About fifty thousand people live in the city .

C About fifty thousand people live in the city .

S It is clean and environmentally friendly city .

C It is a and environmentally friendly city .

S The city has its own public transportation system , waste management system .

C The city has its own public transportation system and management system .

S People live here take care of city environment , so the city became clean and green place .

C People who here take care of the 's , so the city is a and green place .

S The city contain about thirty public parks .

C The city contains thirty public parks .

S The parks are full of greenery ; these parks also used as playground for children .

C The parks are full of greenery ; these parks are used as playgrounds children .

S Trees in the parts are not sufficient as per requirement of our city .

C Trees in the parks not sufficient according to the our city .

S Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .

C Ten year ago the governing body of the city decided plant more trees it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .

S Everybody got interested in the project .

C Everybody got interested in the project .

S We planted trees near side of highway , unused lands , and outside of the city .

C We planted trees near the of highways unused land and outside of the city .

S Now these trees are grownup .

C Now these trees are grown up

S It give shades , shelter to animals , and purify air .

C It give shade shelter to animals , and purifies the .

S The trees are also stop soil erosion in rainy season .

C The trees stop soil erosion in the season .

S Our city have a well equipped waste management system .

C Our city has well equipped waste management system .

S Each house in the city have two verity of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separately .

C Each house in the city has types dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separate

S In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .

C In the a collection truck comes it takes away

S These waste materials are processed with environmentally friendly .

C These waste materials are processed in an friendly way

S The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others "

C The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others " .

S The others is a film that is based on a family that lives in a house and in this where many strangers things happen .

C " Others a film that is about family that lives in a house and in this house strange happen .

S The principal character is Grace that is the mother of her two children Nicholas and Anne .

C The principal character is Grace , the mother of her two children , and Anne .

S The hudsband of Grace is called Charles .

C The husband Grace is called Charles .

S In the film there were servants , they were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .

C In the film , were servants . They Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .

S This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .

C This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .

S Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stayed in that house but not they were not alone they were with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .

C Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stay that house , are alone . They Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .

S The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .

C The problem is that the mother started to hear weird her sons were not making , so who was ?

S Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .

C Her sons have a problem which means that ca n't at , one day got up because her children were shouting and crying . So went to their bedroom and the curtains there . So went the other room and the curtains were not there . So starts more more nervous . the servants , and gets angry and she tells to of her and they do care so she picks a gun and the old lady returns keys .

S Then many things happened , and then they discover that the ghost were not the servants .

C Then many things happen and then they discover that the servants were not the ghosts

S Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character so I love it !

C Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts it funny too , and Nicole is the principal character , I love it !

S In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .

C do not agree with what journalists do , because , me , I were a movie star , a famous man who had many performances , would like to be pursued by journalists every hour of the day

S In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do it and you can not because journalists .

C In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of , , they not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children dependent on what else you want to do , can not because of .

S And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .

C And another reason why I am right in what I said the lines is that feel as you are a then people are always these people destroy families because they declare false intrigue .

S Sometimes abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions with no response or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .

C Sometimes they the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions , no response , have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .

S And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !

C And finally , would like to say yes , I these people , or they still their style and everything would be OK

S My fiance is 28 years old .

C My fiance is 28 years old .

S He is young and handsome .

C He is young and handsome .

S He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .

C He has , - hair dark He a light beard .

S MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .

C MOTASSEM is a tall guy , 175 cm his weight 71 kg he a white . He to the beach and he loves . He as jeans , are blue , gray black If see him , notice how elegant he is

S MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs

C MOTASSEM is nice and a fiance . He job as he is patient he a hard worker and has an laugh

S .When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces

C When start him , will be inspired his knowledge and his way of talking talent to convince

S thought .

C 

S He is orderly and Clean man .

C He is an and clean .

S He is tip of person you ca n't forget easy .

C He is the person you ca n't forget easily

S My family is my best friend to me .

C My family are best friends

S I have father , mother and three sisters .

C I have a , a and three sisters .

S My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .

C My parents are on patins My is 37 years old . She married and she has 2 children , and Yassin . Her is Eman

S My second sister is 34 years old , she is single and she works as a customer service agent , her name is Shymaa .

C My second oldest is 34 years old . She single and she works as a customer service agent . Her is Shymaa .

S My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .

C My youngest is 29 years old . She married and she has 2 children , Salah . Her is Asmaa .

S Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .

C Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .

S I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care of me .

C I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care about .

S Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .

C Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was , marriage I understood the of a who always want to make me .

S I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings , he always give me a nice hug after I return from the office .

C I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings . He gives a nice hug after I return from the office .

S I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .

C I feel proud to hug with full of my emotions I forget all the stress built up hours .

S In past , I do not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and love to get anything new for my sweet home .

C In the , I did care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I enquired about availability and loved get anything new for my sweet home .

S I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .

C I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .

S hello Pierre ,

C Hello ,

S I would like to thank you for you help me .

C I would like to thank you for .

S You send me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .

C You sent a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .

S My teacher said that I have had a fantastic project .

C My teacher said that I have done fantastic project .

S I 'm very happy .

C I 'm very happy .

S Kisses ,

C Kisses ,

S Maria

C Maria

S Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .

C Nowadays the number of endangered species has increased .

S Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .

C Aactivist of animals rights claim the reason is animals in zoos

S But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .

C But a of people can protect poachers .

S So what should we do with that problem ?

C So what should we do about problem ?

S To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .

C To sum up , there are a of clearly arguments keeping animals in zoos

S In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow

C In my opinion , should build kinds wildlife parks . This solution will allow

S people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow

C people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow

S animals to safely reproduce .

C animals to safely reproduce .

S It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for

C It 's a expensive solution but we must do that for

S our next generations .

C our future .

S Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .

C Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .

S Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .

C Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .

S But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .

C But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .

S So what should we do with that problem ?

C So what should we do with that problem ?

S To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .

C To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .

S In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow

C In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow

S people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow

C people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow

S animals to safely reproduce .

C animals to safely reproduce .

S It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for

C It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for

S our next generations .

C our next generations .

S My town is called Assuit . the People here , have no knowledge about how to use their rubbish.people throw their rubbish everywhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .

C My town is called Assuit . The here no knowledge of to deal with rubbish . people their rubbish everywhere . On other hand , we haven't any kind of law can limit that action . mean rubbish throwing .

S So if we still doing nothing new , out country will still unattractive .

C So , we still do n't do , our will still be .

S Humans prefer luxurious life .

C Humans prefer a life .

S Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .

C Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .

S With the coming of cars , people are using public transport rarely .

C With the coming of cars , people use transport more .

S Everyone prefer to have his / her own car.so the future of public transport is very dark .

C Everyone prefers have his / her own car , so future of public transport is very dark .

S This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed at earliest .

C This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed as soon as possible

S Because if everyone uses his / her car pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .

C Because if everyone uses his / her car , will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .

S The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .

C The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .

S There we can eat a lot types of dishes but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .

C There we can eat many of dishes , the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .

S The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .

C The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .

S The restaurant is very well situated with a big parking and a beautiful landscape .

C The restaurant is very well situated with a big car park landscaping

S As your enter the place you are welcomed by magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working so you can see the quality of the food .

C As you the place , are welcomed by a setting , a lot of photographs of the 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , you can see the quality of the food .

S The chefs take great care in selection the best quality ingredients and the service is great .

C The chefs take great care in selecting best quality ingredients and the service is great .

S The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done while clients are waiting they always give bread and wine

C Clients n't have to wait a long time until the dish is ready While are waiting , always give them and wine .

S The price of the food is expensive but nothing pays a good meal .

C The price of the food is expensive , nothing pays good meal .

S In the end of the meal you have to sign a book to recall in the future .

C At end of the meal , have to sign a book to recall in the future .

S Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,

C Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,

S I am interested in working at your summer camp program .

C I am interested in working on summer camp program .

S My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .

C My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .

S I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .

C I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .

S I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .

C I am a person for the job because I like to take of kids and I have the ability with other people .

S I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and help the kids to keep their rooms tidy .

C I have good abilities , as , organizing and helping kids to keep their rooms tidy .

S I will wait for your answer ,

C I will wait for your answer ,

S Abel Ferreira

C Abel Ferreira

S The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .

C The charts below give about the most important for studying students of different groups and amount of support they received from employers .

S The first chart is the resons for study according to age of student .

C The first chart is the reasons studying to age of student .

S for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .

C For 80% ; 26 years old students selected . For 49 years olds , of people it but if you compare this with , it is totally ; 26 years old have only 10% ; but 49 years olds

S However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .

C However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .

S The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .

C The other chart is about employer support . Under years old is the highest it is almost , the second aged - 29 years old ; it has 50% the 35% and the of the is - 39 years old .

S The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and few more places that can be exiting .

C The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and a more places that can be exiting .

S In Stockholm you can do whatever you want , there is places to enjoy for everyone .

C In Stockholm you can do whatever you want . There for everyone to enjoy

S You can visit old city and watch old buildings and castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .

C You can visit the city and see buildings and the you can see beautiful view from bridges over the water .

S Young people may like to take a walk in king garden , there is sakura trees .

C Young people might to take a walk in king garden , where are trees .

S If you like night life you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .

C If you like night life , can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .

S But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .

C But there are two places that I beginning . They are big zoo called Kolmorden and the aquapark in Scandinavia , is Rusha .

S Deer headteacher ,

C Dear teacher

S As a student at a local school , i would like to say that to delete the field trips

C As a student at a local school , I like to say that to cancelling field trips

S is n't good for stydents .

C is n't good for students

S First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .

C First of all , by out classroom , take a break school routine .

S Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .

C Furthermore going on trips gives a chance try themselves

S In adition , field trips are important part of our schools activities .

C In addition field trips are an part of our school .

S This is why I believe that the field trips are good for kids .

C This is why I believe that trips are good for kids .

S from

C from

S spyro in Kalithea .

C Spyro Kalithea .

S Hi Adam ,

C Hi Adam ,

S Nice to write to You !

C Nice to write to You !

S Unfortuntely , I saw You last time many days ago .

C Unfortunately I saw you days ago .

S Do You know I came back from Budapest ? .

C Do you I came back from Budapest ?

S You know I was there on the trip .

C You know I was there on a .

S As You can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and know something new about them .

C As you imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and find out new about them .

S As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of others .

C As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of rivers

S It 's even the longest river I whenever saw .

C It 's even the longest river I ever .

S And You ?

C And you

S How was your trip ?

C How was your trip ?

S Was it as good as mine ?

C Was it as good as mine ?

S Write to me about what were you doing there .

C Write to me about what you were there .

S Best wishes , Julia

C Best wishes , Julia

S My name is Maria .

C My name is Maria .

S I am from Spain .

C I am from Spain .

S I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .

C I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .

S I am an architect since 2003 .

C I have been architect since 2003 .

S When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .

C When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .

S San Sebastian is a Town near the sea .

C San Sebastian is a town the sea .

S When I was eighteen years old , I went out of my home .

C When I was eighteen years old , I left .

S I lived in a residence for two years .

C I lived in a hall of for two years .

S After , I was living in a flat .

C After that I lived a flat .

S My flatmatter is my best friend today .

C My flatmate my best friend today .

S She is Azucena and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .

C She is Azucena , nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .

S My husband and me , often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .

C My husband and me go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .

S If Azucena does not live there , We would not know Toulouse .

C If Azucena did live there , we not know Toulouse .

S I like toulouse very much .

C I like Toulouse much .

S It is an old city , with red buildings .

C It is an old city red buildings .

S Toulouse buildings are built with bricks , red bricks .

C Toulouse buildings are built with bricks . Red .

S The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .

C The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .

S The river is in toulouse is Garona .

C The river Toulouse the .

S Hello Alison .

C Hello Alison ,

S How are you doing ? .

C How are you doing ?

S Susan told me that you need to khonw a couple of things before your visit to Spain .

C Susan told me that you need to know couple of things before your visit to Spain .

S We have customs as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .

C We have customs , siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .

S Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .

C Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .

S We are sociable and welcoming people .

C We are sociable and welcoming people .

S We usually eat housemade food .

C We usually eat home - made .

S It 's what we call Mediterranean diet .

C It 's what we call the diet .

S It 's includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .

C It vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .

S In our daily life we wake up earlier in the morning .

C In our daily life we wake up early the morning .

S We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .

C We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .

S Please , drop me a line as soon as you can .

C Please me a line as soon as you can .

S Best wishes .

C Best wishes .

S Isabel

C Isabel

S Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .

S In that moment , he knew he 's decision was going to afect his whole life .

C At moment , he knew his was going to affect whole life .

S He tought how could he solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .

C He thought about he could his problem and finally he decided to break out .

S When he was scaping from the prison , he bump on an old friend callled Charlie .

C When he was escaping the prison , he bumped old friend callled Charlie .

S Charlie was the only men that could help him scape .

C Charlie was the only man could help him escape

S Why I enjoy my favouite sport ?

C Why do enjoy my favourite ?

S So I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .

C So , think my favorite sport is going in countryside

S I love it , when the temperatur is a little bit cold , but not too much .

C I love it the temperature a little bit cold , but not too much .

S I can relaxing , when i walk alone and hear the noise of the birds in the trees .

C I can relax alone and hear the sounds the birds in the trees .

S I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go everyday walking through it .

C I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go walking through it every day

S There are so much animals and when you are quite , you can see a deer or a fox .

C There are so many and when you are quiet you can see a deer or a fox .

S And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so much great motifs .

C And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so many motifs

S Rest ... aurant .

C Restaurant

S There 's nothing like eating !

C There 's nothing like eating !

S We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .

C We all agree on that . Eating is one of the best moments in day , it 's like the for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .

S But there 's a differenc between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .

C But there 's a difference eating a good meal , and eating by the way

S In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .

C In this opportunity going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose for out at end classes .

S Michael decided to open the door and back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings for a long time .

C Michael decided to open the door and go to . He better the things did want to leave her again . He . He himself and he wants to know her . He all his feelings hidden a long time .

S Which was the reason ?

C What the reason ?

S The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .

C The reason is three days ago , he had been when a girl at work him whether he had a and he said one , come on , know my ex - girlfriend " , she just away saying

S it was strange for Michael .

C It strange to .

S He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with other guy they were hugging .

C He remembered years ago when he had been working and he decided to return early . While was on his way , saw his girlfriend with another . They hugging .

S he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .

C He and he just and thought all night . It the second time that she had unfaithful . Since , has been .

S Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .

C This , had gone to work and he was sitting a pub drinking , when girl came him . He her , she was .

S This girl is an acquantance him .

C This girl was acquaintance of

S They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .

C They were talking about their lives and he remembered how met on the bus . Maybe had been the woman of his life . at her and smile he wanted ask her whether if it too to start get to her . But decided to the pub . He to the .

S Finally Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .

C Finally , closed the door and knew at that he had made a mistake .

S I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .

C I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because infected me ! At , I had a high fever , I thought if I took medicine I would fine .

S Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .

C Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .

S I can not eat anything even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .

C I could n't anything , on Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I could n't poker with my cousins .

S Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .

C Though everything , I still had wonderful winter with my family . We to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to blooming cherry blossom . ( I n't know its variety ~ is from Japan??XD ) The cherry was beautiful but there were many people .

S When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .

C When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the was strong ! I a little nervous though the scenery was .

S All in all , I stil have a memorable vacation .

C All in all , I still memorable vacation .

S Hi Luke ,

C Hi Luke ,

S I tried that new programme in the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .

C I tried that new programme on internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .

S I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you could fix them .

C I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you can them .

S I hope to see you soon .

C I hope to see you soon .

S Jorge .

C Jorge .

S We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .

C We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .

S 1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .

C 1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .

S 1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .

C 1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .

S We will review their performance in a period of 6 months and accordingly will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .

C We will review their performance in months and , , decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .

S Company also reserves it 's right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found as per the job description .

C The company reserves its to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found to be per the job description .

S My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .

C My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .

S There are some images for my family on the wall .

C There are some images of family on the wall .

S There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass .

C There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass top

S Also on the sofas there are many colorful Pillows

C Also , the sofas there are many colorful cushions

S There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have a free time I sitting on it and reading a book .

C There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have time I sit it and read book .

S There are three sofas around a coffee table and it is so comfortable .

C There are three sofas around the table and it is so comfortable .

S When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV

C When I want to study exams , the living room and sit of the .

S In addition , there is a small blackboard for my littel brother because my mother wants my prother learn Arabic and English letters .

C In addition , there is a small blackboard for my little because my mother wants my brother Arabic and English letters .

S There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects the things from breakage .

C There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects from breakage .

S For this reason I spend most of my time there

C For this reason , spend most of my time there .

S On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .

C On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .

S It is very common that the bad economy of some countries force their people to emigrate to another country .

C It is very common that the bad economy of some countries forces people to emigrate to another country .

S When this phenomenon occur most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .

C When this phenomenon occurs , of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .

S As a consequence , they forgot their first language .

C As a consequence , they forget first language .

S Another important point is the necessity of approval by some some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .

C Another important point is the necessity of approval by some groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .

S It is not a surprise that this situation is something more frequent every day .

C It is not a surprise that this situation is something that is becoming frequent every day .

S We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .

C We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .

S Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slowly .

C Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slow

S In Spain many people will travel in their car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .

C In Spain many people will travel in their own or by car with their colleagues friends . This mode of is quick , but it is much more expensive .

S If you travel with other people it is the same expens than public transport .

C If you travel with other people it is as expensive transport .

S In my opinion sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we will finish work we can go directly home .

C In my opinion , by a car we will arrive at work on time and when we work we can go directly home .

S I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .

C I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .

S The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and the people prefer to travel in their car .

C The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and prefer to travel in their car .

S I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

C I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .

S But it 's better to travel by car pooling .

C But it 's better to travel by car pooling .

S People who needs to go in the same direction , meet each other and use only one car .

C People who need go in the same direction each other and use only one car .

S This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and is an experience to meet other people .

C This is convenient in terms of cost of travelling , because every cost is divided between participants and it an opportunity meet other people .

S Hi Jo ,

C Hi Jo ,

S My country very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .

C My country is a interesting place . We a lot of and mystical .

S You can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and another historical citys .

C You can travel Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and other cities

S Our national foods are very delicious .

C Our national foods are really .

S I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .

C I think could n't in my country , because it 's for foreigners

S Dear Nick

C Dear Nick

S Thanks for you letter .

C Thanks for your .

S I was very glad to read about your news .

C I was very glad to read about your news .

S You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .

C You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .

S At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .

C At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .

S We meet near fast food and after that we decide where to go .

C We meet near a food restaurant after that we decide where to go .

S In the centre city we can go to other shopping center such as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Last weekends we visited Passage .

C In the city centre can go to other shopping centers as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last visited Passage .

S In this shopping center I bought new blue skirt .

C At shopping center I bought a blue skirt .

S After that we went our favorite art - cafe .

C After that , went to favorite art - cafe .

S We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .

C We like it because the has a design and tasty food . After , went for a on embankment .

S It is all our plan .

C It is all our plan .

S Hope to hear from you soon !

C Hope . Hope hear from you soon !

S All the best .

C All the best ,

S Liza

C Liza

S First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .

C First of all , thank you professor for the meantime . The course benefited me especially at first meeting , about English . still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , found the beauty the language in British English . think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are very careful very humorous . You always careful in correction for each student , and a variety of reading skills lets immerse ourselves

S I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .

C I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , we learn English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to be with English , it 's full - of - cadence feels charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance

S And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .

C And the strengths and weaknesses of and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When hear I many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore I can easily interpret instructions the emotions and feelings

S Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .

C Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d I did not notice because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird . This the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .

S I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future if there is the chance I will definitely give it a try , especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .

C I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future , there is the chance , will definitely give it a try . in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .

S If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .

C If I have an opportunity to go to English I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training then make their English better and better .

S My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .

C My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .

S The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .

C The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .

S It is situated on the inland .

C It is situated .

S The first stop for most visitors is the church because the neighbors clean and cared .

C The first stop for most visitors is the church because the local people and take care of it

S The town hall put in the streets containers for trash and the workers of tomw hall clean the streets .

C The town hall put containers for trash in the streets the workers from the clean the streets .

S Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep it tidies up .

C Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep them

S What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .

C What 's more , all the , a year , plant trees all over the so that is more beautiful .

S To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer trevelling by car rather than by bus or train .

C To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer travelling car rather than by bus or train .

S Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel by your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .

C Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel in own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .

S You can change your plans and choose another direction .

C You can change your plans and choose another route

S For differentiate between old computers and computers today , would first have to describe each type of machine .

C To between old computers and computers today , we first have to describe each type of machine .

S I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .

C I start by the computers which we saw in the video , which a simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they enormous room .

S On top of that these machines only worked when it is wrote an order to the computer .

C On top of that , machines only worked when you an order to the computer .

S These were experiential models .

C These were experimental .

S Visually colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .

C Visually , the the screen were and green .

S Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .

C Currently , the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance range from the software and the size of the memory ( bigger than computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , than the computers of the past and their , the weight of them they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .

S Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .

C Finally , I say with the passage of time change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play not only of technology , also of society , religion , etc . ,

S essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to continue as they are .

C essential in the life of people , but sow be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to let them as they are .

S Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalist .

C Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalists

S In my opinion , staying alone means that you have something to think about , for example to think about our deeds .

C In my opinion , being means that you have something to think about , for example , think about our deeds .

S Journalists follow you and they do n't give you to live such as normal pupil .

C Journalists follow you and they do n't allow to live like people

S To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .

C To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .

S To be on my own and watch the other people live .

C To be on my own and watch people live .

S I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close people .

C I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close relatives and friends

S In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots , everyone deservs that they want .

C In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots . Everyone want .

S My opinion it 's opposite of them of this composition .

C My opinion is of the one in composition title

S I did n't have a car .

C I do have a car .

S Every day I used to taking public transport .

C Every day I transport .

S I live in a city , and for many people live like me , the most convenient transport is the public transport .

C I live in a city , and for many people me , the most convenient transport is transport .

S With a car in the city , we have some problems .

C With a car in the city , we have some problems .

S there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .

C There traffic a parking space

S Every day , the population spends a lot of time in the traffic congestion .

C Every day , the population spends a lot of time in congestion .

S It 's a very good method to travel in the city .

C It 's a very good way travel in the city .

S A car problem is the expensive price of the fuel .

C One with cars the high of .

S I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .

C I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reducing

S It 's used to public transport .

C is use transport .

S but it 's only my personal opinion .

C But only my personal opinion .

S Your address :

C Your address :

S Date : 17 January 2015

C Date : 17 January 2015

S Dear xxx .

C Dear xxx .

S Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .

C Today I will talk about my summer camp job . all ages need to work in summer camps My is Patrick . 13 years old

S I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .

C I would to work in the summer camp do Every in the do summer camp job . am the right person to work there I 'm very fit I would to work in the kitchen , because I the right chef summer camp job .

S I am really very proud to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thnx god to give me this job .

C I would be very proud to work with you . You see my wonderful lunch dessert . Please me this job .

S A representative to make an investigation so that town takes care of the environment .

C A representative to carry out investigation so that the takes care of the environment .

S One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes

C One thousand people of years over my town about their ways of

S care of the environment .

C care of the environment .

S Investigation reveals the youngsters are more than ever power to

C The investigation that more than ever power

S save the world from waste and pollution .

C save the world from waste and pollution .

S In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school

C In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school

S annonced the way take about the town .

C announced way they care town .

S In addition investigation can bring within company in

C In addition , can bring within company in

S town showing the will power changing of the habit .

C town showing the will power changing of the habit .

S There are a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .

C There is service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day

S According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .

C According to enquiry a representative works with a company

S There are services which can to clean and pick up the rubbish every day .

C There are services which can and pick up the rubbish every day .

S I 'm going to write about my apartment .

C I 'm going to write about my apartment .

S It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .

C It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .

S It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .

C It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .

S It 's in the second floor .

C It 's on second floor .

S It has three bedrooms , and it has two living room .

C It has three bedrooms , and it has two living rooms

S Also , It has a spacious kitchen .

C Also , it a spacious kitchen .

S However , it has a nice and three bathrooms .

C In addition it has a nice three bathrooms .

S My aprtment is very beautiful .

C My apartment very beautiful .

S It is modern and spacious .

C It is modern and spacious .

S It 's near the mosque .

C It 's near the mosque .

S Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .

C Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .

S About 500 meter to AL - Salam Mall .

C About 500 meters AL - Salam Mall .

S It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parking .

C It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a private lot

S Also , the street where it has a lot of traffic .

C Also , the street where it is a lot of traffic .

S After that , it hasn't a driver room .

C In addition to , it hasn't got driver .

S Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot advantages more than its disadvatages .

C Finally , my is very beautiful , and it has a lot more advantages its disadvantages

S It has a great location .

C It has a great location .

S An Unforgettable Lesson

C An Unforgettable Lesson

S There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .

C There are various kinds of different things that happen people lives some may be normal and nothing , while others may be so and unforgettable that you will remember a long time .

S Have you ever have this experience ?

C Have you ever had kind of ?

S When I am in elementary school , I joined a speaking contest , but I failed , and I had broken - hearted .

C When I was elementary school , I took part in speaking contest , but I failed , and I was - hearted .

S Becase I seldom practiced it .

C Becase I seldom practiced it .

S But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .

C But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I could be so decadent forever . wanted change , hoping I would better next year .

S So I practiced it day and night .

C So I practiced it day and night .

S No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .

C No matter whether was rainy windy warm . And I asked my for help .

S Eventually , I got number three in the comtest .

C Eventually , I was the contest

S Through this time , I learn that win and lose is not the most significant thing .

C Through this time , I learnt winning losing the most significant thing .

S The most important is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure .

C The most important thing that you can learn a valuable from failure .

S Practice can make perfect .

C Practice can make perfect .

S And never give up .

C And never give up .

S Resolve/ dertermine / insistence

C Resolve/ determine insistence

S My country witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .

C My country has a tremendous change in the last ten years .

S 10 years ago , I was a child , and I can seldom eat meat in dinner .

C 10 years ago , I was a child , and I could eat meat for .

S But now , I feel uncomfortable without food everyday .

C But now , I feel uncomfortable without food every day

S People 's health

C People 's health

S Nowadays young people 's health is n't as healthy as for example twenty years ago .

C Nowadays , people 's health is n't as good , example , years ago .

S One reason for the change may be due to the style of life that people have .

C One reason for the change may be due to the lifestyle people have .

S Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .

C Currently we usually do exercise than before , we use our cars go everywhere

S Whereas our style of food has changed very much .

C Whereas style of food has changed a lot

S We do n't eat at home and it 's very common eating junk food every week .

C We do n't eat at home and it 's very common to eat food every week .

S On the other hand , children are used to eat only what they want because in general they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...

C On the other hand , children are used to eating what they want , in general , do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruit fish ...

S They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and what 's more they do n't do any exercise .

C They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and , 's more , do n't do any exercise .

S All these reasons could be very bad for their health in the future .

C All these things be very bad for their health in the future .

S So it 's very important to give them a healthy education .

C So it 's very important to give them a healthy upbringing

S To sum up , it is very important to be conscious about how food affect our health .

C To sum up , it is very important to be conscious of food affects health .

S That 's the reason for we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to do .

C That 's the reason why have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables , teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to doing

S My opinion ofselfemployment

C My opinion of self - employment

S I never ever wanted to be selfemployed .

C I never ever wanted to be self - employed

S My dad and my grandfather had run their own business for more than 20 years .

C My dad and my grandfather ran own business for more than 20 years .

S My mother always told me that my dad had never time for her and my siblings .

C My mother always told me that my dad never had for her and my siblings .

S When I was born my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .

C When I was born , dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .

S Nowadays , the car owners have been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .

C Nowadays , the number of owners has increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .

S Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to decline the popularity of travelling by public transport .

C Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to reduce popularity of travelling by public transport .

S As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .

C As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .

S Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .

C Today , have the of people 's which a person is in , as though they have a status in .

S so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....

C So has a fashion to , creates lot of problems . A one is the problem .....

S now traffic problem is the biggest problem . only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .

C Now the problem is the biggest problem . The solution to this using transport system as much as possible .

S but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .

C But using public transport is seen something for low status , so there is no future for public transport .

S to tackle this problem we have to deliberately think about it .

C To this problem , have to carefully about it .

S thank you very much

C Thank very much .

S Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .

C Our life every day we notice a range of each decades .

S The lifestyle , technological material and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .

C The lifestyle , technological equipment the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .

S We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .

C We can accept our life will be quite different from now in

S Changing is a natural habitat that makes the life more enjoyable to us .

C Changing is a natural habit makes more enjoyable for .

S It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .

C It us .

S For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .

C For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made to , you idiotif small new details in every model .

S Even the kind of house panting can be changed by the time .

C Even the kind of house painting be changed over

S Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways Than it was at the past time .

C Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways than was in past

S We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .

C We can not stop changing , we can guide changes provide easier and more comfortable .

S Using the changing method would improve the education system in many aspects especially for people with obstruction .

C Using the changing method improve the education system in many ways , for people with obstruction

S It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .

C It their lives makes them taste in a that they had never of

S In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits for the changing every decade .

C In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits of decade .

S It service the education and entertainment aspects in our life .

C It service education and entertainment aspects of lives

S My town is very , very big with a lot of people .

C My town is very , very big with a lot of people .

S More than 12 million people live in our town .

C More than 12 million people live in our town .

S I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .

C I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .

S The ecological problems are very important for the last years .

C The ecological problems have been bad the last few .

S First of all - the air .

C First of all - the air .

S An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of air and smog .

C The number cars and the traffic jams cause the and smog .

S The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally .

C The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally

S But there is an active construction of new roads , road junctions and an improving of roads .

C But there is construction of new roads , road junctions and of roads .

S We do n't separate our rubbish .

C We do n't separate our rubbish .

S All rubbish is taken away without separation .

C All rubbish is taken away without separation .

S But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days of receiving of separate rubbish .

C But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days for rubbish .

S Our lawns also are the problem .

C Our lawns are also .

S Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .

C Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .

S But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .

C But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .

S Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .

C Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .

S But I hope our town will be better with our help .

C But I hope our town will be better with our help .

S I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .

C I enjoy watching tennis couch . n't that I haven't played tennis where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only on TV .

S But I hope one day go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .

C But I hope one day to to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player , is Rafael Nadal from Spain .

S Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .

C The time I watched him play years ago was the same year that I started watching

S I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .

C I like how the players move court and how the audience applauds every time they win point . Although 'm not on court , can the feeling of the game . It really awesome .

S Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .

C Once in a while enjoy there is competition or tournament , besides enjoying , I also how real the game is what its rules were what happens they yell the umpire . can learn all these details wait for a future to put them into , helping one of the things that I want to make real .

S My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .

C My advice would be that if want to play tennis should go ahead and it , not wait others do it , because you can do that too .

S At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .

C At the beginning , could be a little hard but that the same with many other when you , so just keep in mind that you could tennis the most talented players from all over the world

S Travelling by car is much more convenient .

C Travelling by car is much more convenient .

S In fact , I agree .

C In fact , I agree .

S Btu , What about sharing a ride ?

C But what sharing a ride ?

S Riding a horse is and old faschion way but still interesting .

C Riding a horse is an - fashioned but still interesting .

S Público transportation is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment and make friemds .

C Public is excellent ; save , take of the environment and make friends

S Nowadays , Easter is associated more with the spring 's arrival than religious rituals .

C Nowadays , Easter is associated more with 's arrival than with rituals .

S People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .

C People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday , makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .

S Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .

C Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .

S Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .

C Flamengo was champion in . In Flamengo had great team with good players , but now it is struggling finish the competition in first 4 teams of the .

S My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .

C My mouth is dry and has awful metal taste , my aches , it 's spinning slightly there is a terrible ringing in my ears .

S All of these make me feel nauseous .

C All of these make me feel nauseous .

S It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .

C It must be aftereffect of whatever those in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me especially those whispered coming from behind .

S My best friend .

C My best friend .

S My best friend had always been like a sister to me .

C My best friend has been like a sister to me .

S Our mums had been to high school together , although they 'd never talked a lot .

C Our mums went high school together , although they talked a lot .

S The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention in what she had told me .

C The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention to she had said .

S It was in school , when we were three years old only !

C It was in school , when we were only three years old

S Even that , we start to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .

C Despite , we started talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .

S She always helps me in whatever I need , and she 's amazing .

C She always helps me with I need , and she 's amazing .

S She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get nervous !

C She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get agitated

S She 's incredible , is like the sister I 'd never had .

C She 's incredible ; like the sister I had .

S In the other hand , she had never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .

C On other hand , she has been a talkative , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .

S Even so , now she starts to talk more often , and when we started high school we met lots of new friends !

C Even so , now she is starting talk more often , and when we started high school we made of new friends !

S In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .

C In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .

S I would n't imagine a life without her , she 's the best person I ever met .

C I could imagine a life without her . She the best person I ever met .

S My town was located along the middle coast of Viet Nam .

C My town is along the middle coast Vietnam

S It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .

C It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions , such as the great beaches of the obviously regularly ... Therefore , care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state

S When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .

C When receiving alarm about the pollution of or by the 's inhabitants the must reposibile this cause .

S They often notify all the town 's civil that spending a free day on clearing all rubbish on the beach and on the roads of town .

C They often notify all the town 's citizens a free day on clearing all the on the beach and on the roads of the .

S Then , they will gather all rubbish to one place and burn or bury them .

C Then , they will gather all the in place and burn or bury it

S Finally , state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .

C Finally , the encourages radio , television etc .

S It means that tourists and the people of town must have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .

C It means that tourists and the people of the a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .

S On weekends , I usually wear clothes depending on the weather .

C On weekends , I usually wear clothes according weather .

S If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .

C If it is very outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is very , wear shorts , sandals , a lighweight and sunglasses .

S Sometimes , when I got to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .

C Sometimes , when I have dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .

S When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example when I 'm sick ) Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .

C When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example , I 'm sick ) . , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .

S Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .

C Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .

S Hi Jan ,

C Hi Jan ,

S I am so glad to receive your message .

C I am so glad to receive your message .

S In your message , you said that you need to find a famous people in my country and need some suggestions from me .

C In your message , you said that you needed find a famous person my country and needed suggestions from me .

S I hope that I can give you some help for your project .

C I hope that I can give you some help for your project .

S I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .

C I would like to recommend famous person 's is Chou .

S Mr. Chou is the famous doctor in my country .

C Mr. Chou is a doctor in my country .

S He constructed the hospital system in my country .

C He started hospital system in my country .

S Best regard , and look forward to your reply .

C Best regards and look forward to your reply .

S Bob

C Bob

S In modern life , we rely on traffic to work or travel to everywhere .

C In modern life , we rely on transport get to or travel .

S It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .

C It is convenient travel by private car , so that everyone has a car nowadays . Some suggest cars are going to replace transport .

S I could n't agree with the point of view for some reasons below .

C I ca agree with this of view for the below .

S Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .

C Firstly , the growing number of private cars causes problem with traffic jams People extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .

S That wastes people 's time and make people feel exhausted .

C That wastes people 's time and makes feel exhausted .

S Not mention to say , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling in holidays .

C Not to mention it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling on .

S Secondly , private cars are the main reason for the air pollution . We should consider the protection of environment for human future , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .

C Secondly , private cars are the main reason for pollution . We should consider the protection of the for the future of humanity not only care about the convenience we can see for now .

S In the other hand , public transport system can reduce the amount of private cars in the busy area , like bus and tram .

C On other hand , public transport systems reduce the number private cars in the busy areas , for example , trams

S People can travel through the city easily and safely .

C People can travel through the city easily and safely .

S For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .

C For instance , , the second in Australia , there trams the whole city area .

S Therefore people do n't need to drive cars for travelling in the city .

C Therefore people do n't need to drive cars to the city .

S The last point is people go for long journey by public transport .

C The last point is that go for long journeys public transport .

S Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary long drive .

C Public transport brings holidays efficient business trips without being after a drive .

S For these reasons , it is unlikly there is no future for public transport .

C For these reasons , it is unlikely is no future for public transport .

S On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .

C On the contrary , we more public transport improve our traffic system and find a way to protect environment .

S Alison read the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .

C Alison read the note and it said I be back at 8 pm " .

S It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house , she started getting confused and temerously .

C It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house . She getting confused and temerously

S After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , now we ca n't help you " .

C After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , we ca n't help you now .

S After that answer , she was n't satisfied so she decided to start calling all the hospitals of the area .

C After that answer , she was n't satisfied , she decided to start calling all the hospitals in area .

S it was 4 am and she had none answer .

C it was 4 am and she had no .

S Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .

C Alison felt desperate She her husband 's car keys in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked up She up phone and she called his of friends . Nobody and now they were scared

S She was terrified , she starts thinking about the possibility of the death .

C She was terrified . She about the possibility of .

S She got into her car and look for her husband for all their small city , Pentonville , after half an hour she saw him sleeping in a square .

C She got into her car and looked her husband all over small city , Pentonville . After an hour , saw him sleeping in a square .

S George had lost her memory , and he could n't went back .

C George had lost his , and he could n't come .

S Nowadays , they are living a happy life and everyday Alison has to make him remember their life .

C Nowadays , they are living a happy life and every day has to make him remember their life .

S No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .

C No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .

S now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .

C Nowadays there are many types transport in the world : , , train but train more conform then else always use in the .

S if you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than others .

C If to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than other modes of transport

S my favorite sport is playing footboll .

C My sport is

S I think that this sport is very happy .

C I think that this sport is very happy

S Also , you could learn to be more friendly .

C Also , you could learn to be more friendly .

S In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .

C In my opinion if you want to start to do this sport you could write team . Moreover I think that it is good because it help you lose weight

S The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discuss during years .

C The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discussion .

S On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .

C On one hand , is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can move the whole .

S Young people use it a lot .

C Young people use it a lot .

S We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .

C We do n't use so much petrol were use their private transport .

S In fact you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you have hurry .

C But in , ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you are in a .

S In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .

C In conclusion , is very good and if it disappears will be a big problem . It true sometimes need transport , apart from that , transport is used a lot people of all ages .

S Transportation is very important in cities , villages as well as in sub - lines .

C Transportation is very important in cities and as well as in sub - lines .

S Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .

C Many Many have vehicles , they only depend public transport for reasons .

S Any way in some cases , car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .

C Any Anyway , some cases , a is very useful to reach the destination very fast .

S Public transport provide all the information about routes of the way which we are follow and give a idea to the passengers about the place .

C Public transport provides the information about routes they and give an to about the place .

S Some times it may be very expensive due their taxes

C Some Sometimes may be very expensive due the .

S I 'm a comitted , responsable , and an organized person .

C I 'm a committed responsible and person .

S I like new challenges to be better with myself .

C I like new challenges to improve .

S I think that i have the enough experience for the job .

C I think that I experience for the job .

S My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because i 'm qualified for this job , i have the requirements that are requested that apply to work here .

C My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because I qualified for this job , I the requirements that are requested to to work here .

S If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .

C If you choose me , I with myself comply with everything , in a timely manner , that how I

S The most important for me is have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .

C The most important thing me is to more work experience and surpass my achievements that I ago .

S I await your response , Thank You .

C I await your response , Thank You .

S First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .

C First I would like to introduce . My is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to you why my favourite sport is football , is a sport that have practiced since I was six years old .

S I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .

C I like this sport very much it must be played a group people and is more fun other which you play alone with one opponent , like tennis .

S I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .

C I must confess , time , did n't like it very much , I was a bit shy It lot of effort to integrate with the other players in team . But the passage of , liked it and more .

S Actually I play in the first divission of the club River PLate from Argentina .

C Currently , play in the first division the club River PLate from Argentina .

S I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .

C I would like to advise are taking steps in this sport , it with and effort that can achieve great treasures .

S In the past , I did some exercises .

C In the past , I did some exercise

S I have swum in the swimming pool and also I have cycle in my bicycle .

C I have swum in a pool and I have also bicycle .

S I have run upstairs so many times .

C I have run upstairs so many times .

S They 're healthy activities .

C They 're healthy activities .

S I went also , to the mountains with my family .

C I also went mountains with my family .

S I ate a lot of fruit last year .

C I ate a lot of fruit last year .

S I loved the apples !

C I loved the apples !

S I always went to my school on foot .

C I always went to on foot .

S But in summer I went by car .

C But in summer I went by car .

S Last year I gave some dolls of my sister to a charity .

C Last year I gave some of my sister 's dolls a charity .

S I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .

C I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .

S Now , this year , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .

C Now , this year , I 'll do more exercise go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .

S I 'll eat better , I'll walk more , I'll walk more , do good things and speak more with my friends

C I 'll eat better . walk more . good things and speak more with my friends .

S Do you hear about Islam

C Have heard Islam ?

S What are your sources media or what ?

C What are your media sources what ?

S Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth to entertain or for what ?

C Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth . To or for what ?

S Be honest with yourself

C Be honest with yourself .

S At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .

C First would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even say this opinion is the of the present and future situation .

S As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by a train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .

C As for me even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by , railway bus and other types of public transport .

S In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .

C In my opinion , will travel by public transport more frequently because this type of transport is less expensive , more reliable even more environmentally friendly travelling by car .

S In the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but even this we can improve in future .

C On other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but can improve even this the .

S We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise them , so people would be motivated to travel by .

C We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise it so people will motivated to travel on

S My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .

C My trust in future is so enormous that I hope there will environmentally friendly cheaper ways to travel our world .

S If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .

C If this happens people will more social and empatic not only 's , but also about environment , they will treasure it .

S To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .

C To begin with there are two ways of cutting down on pollution leads to global warming , which become real threat to lives by day .

S Firstly , start to use renewable energy .

C Firstly , start to use renewable energy .

S to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .

C To this when we use energy , reduce emissions , , our natural resources will be conserved for our future and our 's .

S for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .

C For , by wind energy solar electricity generation , will use fuel , implicated emissions .

S Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .

C Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on to reduce use of that lot of pollution such as vehicles or big facilities such as big factories .

S As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .

C As a result , ways to cut down on pollution For , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , causes lot of pollution . of , need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to on pollution for a better future .

S All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .

C All in all , using renewable energy and improving regulations ways to cut on for a better future .

S Another thing we can do to a better future is avoiding war .

C Another thing we can do for better future is avoiding war .

S Because , war destroys mankind and countries .

C Because destroys mankind and countries .

S Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .

C Many wars start because do n't know or respect beliefs very well . Thus we need to learn about other people 's beliefs if are to with them .

S for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .

C For , the fight between Muslims Hindus in India or in the civil war .

S Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .

C Secondly , do cooperation between countries .

S To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .

C For example people should cooperate bring peace to the world , stop in many areas like the Nations is .

S For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .

C For example , the Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In , knowing each other and cooperation between countries to avoid war for a better future .

S for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .

C For we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to on pollution for a better future .

S All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .

C All in all , using renewable energy and improving regulations ways to cut on for a better future .

S My most terrifying day was January 23rd , last year .

C My most terrifying day was January 23rd year .

S It was a normal Thursday .

C It was a normal Thursday .

S I was at school : while I 'm listening to the English lesson I felt a strong headache .

C I was at school : while I was to the English lesson I felt a severe .

S After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .

C After ten minutes , asked the teacher to parents so I could go .

S At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't finish .

C At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't stop

S At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .

C At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I could understand I could talk

S On the hospital the doctor did me a drip and after some hours I felt better .

C At hospital , doctor put on drip and after some hours I felt better .

S I do n't ever forget that day !

C I wo ever forget that day !

S currently a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .

C Currently , very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .

S To solve this problem Lima has been making long term strategies .

C To solve this problem , has been making long - strategies .

S Lima is one of the cities with less road culture in the world .

C Lima is one of the cities with the least culture in the world .

S we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .

C We not respect traffic rules and only with the intention of as as possible to our destination . This causes traffic congestion .

S For this reason people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .

C For this reason , are aware the terrible problem and are and teaching vial to new generations .

S Besides public institucions are promoting this and also private companies make advertising for awereness .

C In addition , institutions promoting this and also private companies create to increase

S Lima is among the top ten cities have the messiest public transport in the world .

C Lima is among the top ten cities that the messiest public transport in the world .

S This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .

C This is due to the fact that , the beginning , have plan design public roads highways , and it has only improvising to build them any criteria to transport its population .

S Currently this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions such a metropolitan .

C Currently , issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions , a metro

S I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that in 20 years our reality improve our reality

C I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that , 20 years , our reality .

S In my opinion I believe the public transport will have future , because this transport is very necessary for the people .

C believe transport will have a , because this transport is really for .

S In all cities of the world , the people will need the public transport to move around the city .

C In all cities of the world , will need transport to get the city .

S The people think that the public transport is only the bus , but the public transport is the bus , the taxis , train and subway .

C People that transport is only the buses but transport is the buses the taxis , trains subway .

S Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and this car produce a lot of smoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , the nature will disappear .

C Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and those a lot of fumes the natural world dying . If do nothing , the natural world disappear .

S I would like the people to take the public transport for travelling , so we will be able rescue the countryside .

C I would like to take transport for travelling , so we will be able to the countryside .

S I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .

C I usually take transport to the University , because transport cheaper than a .

S I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money

C I used to car every day , by little started to take public transport so that could

S With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue on a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Chart and international law .

C With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue in peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Charter international law .

S To this end , it has proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 called upon all parties concerned to the steps outlined below :

C To this end , it the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 , which upon all parties concerned to take steps outlined below :

S ( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .

C ( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .

S ( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .

C ( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .

S ( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .

C ( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .

S ( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .

C ( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .

S ( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratedly exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .

C ( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratively and developing resources in the East China Sea .

S One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .

C One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .

S He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .

C He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .

S After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .

C After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .

S He closed his eyes .

C He closed his eyes .

S He imagined he could fly like adragon .

C He imagined he could fly like a dragon

S Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .

C Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .

S As he pumped down the stairs , wings flapping cross Cairo .

C As he jumped the stairs , wings flapping across .

S He flied to Saudi Arabia .

C He flew Saudi Arabia .

S Eventually he saw the Kabaa .

C Eventually , saw the Kabaa .

S As he got closer , he saw alot of people around tha Kabaa .

C As he got closer , he saw a lot people around the .

S They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .

C They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .

S They was doing rites of pilgrimage .

C They were rites of pilgrimage .

S One there , a man raised his hands and called to the God .

C One there , a man , his hands and called to .

S It 's amazing .

C It was .

S He had never seen anything so fantastic , but all too soon , it was time to leave .

C He had never seen anything so fantastic . But too soon , it was time to leave .

S He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .

C He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .

S It had been fun day out but unfortunately he had to be home in the time for bed .

C It had been a day out , unfortunately he had to be home in for bed .

S After he had arrived to home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........

C After he had arrived at , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........

S his new book was all about Paris .

C his new book was all about Paris .

S My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is big enough and it is so green .

C My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is quite big it is so green .

S The populations estimated around ten thousand person .

C The population at ten thousand people

S My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .

C My neighbourhood is a range mountains which scenic

S We got a large shopping centre with some local shop , you can obtain plenty of things that you want from it .

C We have a large shopping centre with some local shops you can get of things that you want from it .

S The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .

C of the most amazing things will , is that it has a , is the thing . At same time it introduces to without your go out of city .

S All amenities that is necessary for your daily life such as fantastic school with perfect teachers and modern building is found .

C All the that are for your daily life , as a school with perfect teachers and a building can be here

S Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .

C Transportation is it has got many bus lanes and bus stops

S It is not quiet and it is active city in a different ways .

C It is not quiet and it is an city in ways .

S If you like active city with enormous activity , I guess it is excellent place .

C If you like active cities enormous activity , I think is an place .

S My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health better than medicine .

C My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because is the best way to lose and improve health ; than medicine .

S I think someone should get exercise by starting play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing game .

C I think people get exercise by starting to some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing games

S The purpose of this propossal is to provide details abouts shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .

C The purpose of this proposal to provide details about facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .

S + Local shops :

C + Local shops :

S They had a long tradition dating back to the 18 century when Vungtau was a a small commercial port .

C They have long tradition dating back to the 18th when Vungtau was small commercial port .

S Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .

C Not only are they well - known for their tradition , they are famous for the hospitality of the living here , attracts foreign tourists who here to see the famous sights as well as shop souvenirs .

S They are closely located the local art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go by foot .

C They are located close to local art gallery which takes 15 minutes to go to .

S They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .

C They offer a wide range of choices , souvenir items such as pictures and local specialities , reasonable to suit the interests of different .

S You can buy them as a small present to your family members or friends .

C You can buy them as a small present for family members or friends .

S I assure that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .

C I assure you there should be high - quality and varied products there needs .

S + Shopping mall

C + Shopping mall

S It is conveniently situated in the town centre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flies .

C It is conveniently situated in the town centre , takes 5 minutes to walk to flies .

S A lot of products such as consumer electronics , foods , souvenirs are sold here .

C A lot of products , as consumer electronics , foods , and are sold here .

S Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .

C Compared with local shops , products ' prices the are higher than those local shops , it offers a wider products .

S I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for its cheap price and the hospitable manners of residents here .

C I highly recommend local shops to our tourists their prices the hospitable manners of residents here .

S Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,

C Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,

S good morning firstonce .

C good morning firstonce

S Now I 'll introduce myself .

C Now I 'll introduce myself .

S My name is Yusuf Hamid I am 17 years old and I visit the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,

C My name is Yusuf Hamid . am 17 years old and I attend state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,

S tob e more precise , I am in the graduating class .

C To be precise , I am in the graduating class .

S I come from Hallstadt , in close vicinity of Bamberg .

C I come from Hallstadt , in the vicinity of Bamberg .

S I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .

C I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .

S My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout with them or play baskteball in my spare time .

C My hobbies are meeting and hanging out them or playing my spare time .

S I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg what i really want .

C I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine whether do my A -level at college of further education in Bamberg , is I want .

S My favourite sport is play soccer .

C My favourite sport is .

S It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal during ninety minutes .

C It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal within minutes .

S There is a grass floor , but it 's also played on artificial grass .

C There is a grass surface but it 's also played on artificial grass .

S I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because everything could happens .

C I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because anything happen

S I usually playing it with my partners and my friends which do the game even more fun .

C I usually play with my partners my friends , makes game even more fun .

S I hardly recommend whoever to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they 're going to enjoy it very much .

C I highly anyone play soccer , because i 'm sure that they will it very much .

S It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .

C It 's also a complete because people will improve their health and

S First I want to say is that people use the car like luxury objet , not as transport machine .

C The first want to say is that people use the car like a object not as a of transport

S People spend their first salary to buy a car .

C People spend their first salary on car .

S So , normally the use of the car is for pleasure .

C So , normally , use of a is for pleasure .

S Peolple do n't use the five seats of the car to go to travel .

C People n't use the five seats of the car travel .

S From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .

C From the point of view of the environment is a bad idea , it lot of gas per .

S The cities are crowded and there are a lot of pollution with noises and smoke .

C The cities are crowded and there is lot of pollution from exhaust

S A new problem is being in the small cities , because they are not disigned to harbor a lot of cars .

C A new problem is the small towns because they are not designed accommodate lot of cars .

S I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .

C I think that the main problem with the communications villages and small towns because they only exists the big .

S Some countries have a good net of intrastruture and people use then mainly , because the public transport is cheaper than the car and more quickly .

C Some countries have a good communications network people use then mainly transport is cheaper than the car and quicker

S It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .

C It is a problem of mentality . If had been into society that used transport think would be we would use it .

S In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago the council gave a public sercice bike and three months later they had to close it .

C In my own town , people do n't use public transport . Some ago , council set up public bike service , months later , had to close it .

S It is a pity .

C It is a pity .

S How can you celebrate new year in your country ?

C How can you celebrate new year in your country ?

S My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .

C My name is Afsaneh . I 'm IRAN . came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about the celebration of new year .

S we have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .

C We 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .

S They are called below :

C They are called

S 1- chaharshanbeh soori

C 1- chaharshanbeh soori

S 2- Norouz

C 2- Norouz

S 3- sizdehbedar

C 3- sizdehbedar

S chahrshanbeh soori :

C chahrshanbeh soori :

S It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .

C It means night of week and takes on the Tuesday night of the year . On night , make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow ) and give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and some special foods .

S Norouz :

C Norouz :

S It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .

C It means day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is important for us because we clean houses buy clothes just for new year . The things on day is haft sin table including seven items which start with letters " s " .

S we gathering around the table on this day and waiting for the spring on last moments of the year .

C We the table on this day and wait the spring in the moments of the year .

S When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .

C When the new year starts , hug and kiss wishing each other new year and presents are

S In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .

C During holiday , go see their family , friends and relatives for a of short .

S Sizdehbedar :

C Sizdehbedar :

S It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .

C It means thirteenth of spring . On day , go on a and spend day out of their homes in they believe that the thirteen luck for them .

S The television can entertain , and also educate the people .

C The television can entertain , and also educate .

S Have so many educacionals programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .

C There are many educational , like Animal Planet , and so many others .

S Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .

C Sometimes , some TV are so great that they in certain for example , Animal Planet help you in biology . History Channel help in history , etc ... In my opinion , be as as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .

S Series also can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .

C Series can also you to study . For , helped me a lot because I love series and some q watch have me in school , such as Breaking which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .

S last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .

C Last I saw a movie called ' ' Side Side , and it a little about in ancient , and by I was doing subject school , so helped me a lot .

S in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .

C In opinion , entertain and it educate people in ways .

S 16 May 2014

C 16 May 2014

S Dear Company ,

C Dear Company

S I am writing in response to your adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .

C I am writing in response to your advertisment CAMPS .

S I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work this summer for you .

C I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work for you this summer

S I could start when you tell me .

C I could start whenever like

S I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .

C I as an a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . worked in another in London , but would like to look after children , I have studied to be a teacher .

S Also I have worked in others summer camps how are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .

C Also , have worked in other camps , Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .

S My CV is enclosed .

C My CV is enclosed .

S I believe I suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know to cook very well .

C I believe I am for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know how cook very well .

S Also for me the salary is not a problem because my motivation is to learn

C Also , me , salary is not a problem , my motivation is to learn .

S I look forward to hearing from you .

C I look forward to hearing from you .

S yors faithfully .

C Yours .

S Juan Antonio

C Juan Antonio

S Everyone says that our lifes are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .

C Everyone says that our lives going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .

S Right ?

C Right ?

S In the future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is all I ask for . I may be young but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mean dream does not hurt .

C In the future , really want my grandchildren to be happy . That all I ask for . I may be young , I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years . dreaming not hurt .

S I question myself everyday how can i survive in this madness world ?

C I ask every day can I in this mad ?

S I do not know how to answer this question honestly but i guess i will never know .

C I do not know how to answer this question honestly , I I never know .

S I think that public transport has a great future because every time there are more people who use it .

C I think that public transport has a great future because there are more people who use it every time

S However , I think it is very expensive but with a decrease in the cost there would be more people .

C However , I think it is very expensive , with a decrease in the cost , would be more people .

S Nowadays have a car is very expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .

C Nowadays , car is very expensive because you have to pay for lot of things

S Public transport would have more future if it were better distributed .

C Public transport would have more of a if it were better distributed .

S Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport

C Personally , I use public transport more hardly ever use private transport .

S Baja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .

C Baja California is bigger Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .

S The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use more the car , truck and sometimes boat .

C The transportation is practical because not all places are search use , trucks and sometimes boats more

S The tourist will never be able bored and will have much time to visit the city .

C The tourist will never be and will have a lot of to visit the city .

S Baja California weather is not as cold as Chihuahua .

C Baja California 's is not as cold as Chihuahua 's

S When you go to the beach you have across a large avenue to get there walking .

C When you go to the beach you have to cross large avenue to get there on foot

S I 'm very tiring day , when I go and went straight to bed .

C I have a tiring day I go and go to bed .

S The last few days that I was in Baja California I 've got very little time for shopping and go to the beach .

C The last few days when was in Baja California I very little time for shopping and going the beach .

S Dear Jo ,

C Dear Jo ,

S How 's it going ?

C How 's it going ?

S Well I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are

C Well , think you have chosen the best idea , because there are

S more places to visit in Italy .

C more places to visit in Italy .

S First I believe you can travel from north of Italy to the south , in

C First , believe you should from the of Italy to the south , in

S order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and

C order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and

S Lecce .

C Lecce .

S Find a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the

C Finding job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the

S economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard just for Italian , thinking for

C economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard even Italians thinking for

S foreign people .

C foreign people .

S But it 's not all , since you know two languages , maybe you can find

C But that not all . Since know two languages , maybe you could

S a summer work in a travel agency , because they need someone to

C a summer job a travel agency , because they need someone in

S reception who can speak another language over Italian .

C reception who can speak another language apart from .

S I will find out someone who know the agency 's manager , and you will

C I will find who knows agency 's manager , and you will

S have sent me your curriculum after the weekend , because he will surely want it .

C have sent me your CV the weekend , because he will surely want it .

S I 'm very glad to read you again ,

C I 'm very glad to hear from again ,

S Ettore .

C Ettore .

S Ettore

C Ettore

S I think the car is more convenient for public transport .

C I think the car is more convenient than transport .

S In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .

C In a , do not have a timetable to consider you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still in , rain , cold .

S And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .

C And without getting stuck in the because of by . On transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .

S trips are longer on public transport or by car .

C Trips longer on public transport than car ,

S although I do not know if this would always choose the machine .

C although I do not know if this would always choose the machine

S By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every the year of Jaiwu .

C By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every of Jaiwu .

S And there is no exception this year .

C And there is no exception this year .

S There happened several serious natural or man - made disasters in this year .

C There have been serious natural or man - made disasters year .

S In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by the bad weather happened first .

C In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by weather happened first .

S A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .

C A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .

S A storm of food problems broke out next .

C A storm food problems broke out next .

S In the global , up to three air crashes which result from being hijacked or shot happened .

C Around the world up to three air crashes which resulted being hijacked or shot happened .

S There were also conflicts between western countries and the ISIS .

C There were also conflicts between western countries and .

S In my opinions , all of us are supposed to be careful about all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .

C In my opinion all of us should careful with the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .

S Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote ourselves to pursuing a peaceful world .

C Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote themselves pursuing a peaceful world .

S Last but not least , we should do everything with our conscience .

C Last but not least , we should do everything according to conscience .

S Hope that the next year will be better .

C Hope that the next year will be better .

S Frankly it seems that the town that I have been living have not taken care about the environment .

C Frankly , seems that the town that I have been living in taken care of environment .

S It is easy to see when we walking around or when we go to some walk .

C It is easy to see when we walk or when we go for .

S In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things even our air conditioning .

C In general , do n't about anything , recyclable things , our air conditioning .

S This is such a chronic problem in all my country .

C This is such a chronic problem throughout country .

S Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .

C Here in Brazil , very difficult about it because it demands serious action skills from our government unfortunately n't happen

S Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .

C Although Brazil has several changes in 40 years , the main one hasn't yet , I am talking about education

S Our government prefer keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their mind .

C Our government prefer to our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their minds

S And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .

C And why am I talking it ? I am talking it because the foundation of environmental our mindset Just knowledge and information , will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead have the current result .

S So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .

C So , we believe it is an to about we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .

S A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .

C A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .

S this aphirism is famous and truth .

C This famous and true

S People try to build big and laxuries house but they forgot about the main .

C People try to build big and luxurious they forgot about the main thing

S it is warm which is needful for us .

C It warmth needful for us .

S we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .

C We have a good house where there lot of , space and ornaments .

S we can choice expencive things for interior .

C We choose for the ,

S but these things are not important if there is not comfortable atmosphere .

C but these things are not important if there is not a atmosphere .

S we have to invest our love , dreams , patient . and as a result we can create the best house ever .

C We to invest our love , dreams , patience as a result , can create the best house ever .

S building our house we make the most important place for us .

C Building house we make the most important place for us .

S so we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place

C So have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place .

S In this report I am going to talk about how in my town take care of the environment .

C In this report I am going to talk about how town takes of the environment .

S First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .

C First at all , I asked council great problem which is and the way to solve it .

S He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .

C He is aware that the increase a big problem and that measures must be taken solve it .

S It is not easy way but it is necessary to do it .

C There no way , it is necessary to do it .

S n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment

C n town , tries to make of situation they take care of environment .

S On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be enough or no .

C On the other hand , the question whether solution could be enough or not

S The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .

C The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .

S In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be later .

C In my opinion , should be stop it . If do n't it , after , will be too late

S Me and my family .

C Me and my family .

S I love my family , we argue hardly ever !

C I love my family , we hardly ever argue

S I do lots of activities with them ..

C I do lots of activities with them ..

S For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football match , we eat or stay at home all together .

C For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football matches we eat or stay at home all together .

S We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...

C We sometimes give at ,

S The best present that I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !

C The best present that I have ... I do n't remember

S Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..

C Another thing , in home there are some rules : my brother and I our room , we clean the bathroom after use it , we ca n't eat on sofa .

S I always try to follow rules but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !

C I always try to obey the , I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !

S I do n't argue with only one of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother for television channels but we make up immediately .

C I do n't argue with only one member my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother about channels , we make up immediately .

S With my parents I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak with them ..

C With my parents , argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak to ..

S My last argue with my family was yesterday

C My last argument my family was yesterday .

S I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyadh City specialty .

C I 'll talk about the of Arabia , and City in particular

S First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .

C First , you should know weather . We a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the Middle

S If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .

C If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .

S Riyadh is the capital City it 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .

C Riyadh is the capital City . It in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .

S All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .

C All the stores and malls close midnight well as five prayer , we need to go to . For , need to know what the field want to work in , I can help you to search for a good job matching your .

S after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .

C After I have you about my country , hope you like it .

S I will write about my village .

C I will write about my village .

S My village has around 700 residents

C My village has around 700 residents .

S My village is between a river and a mountain .

C My village is between a river and a mountain .

S It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .

C It has a lot of beautiful things , old church from Century This is in ruins , the new church is also beautiful and comfortable .

S My village has a wall of the stone , this wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .

C My village has a wall of . This was built by residents the village in 1715 .

S Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source

C Another place in my village is the square with its

S Also there the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .

C Also , are , bar and restaurants .

S For many years , people use public transport to go to work to study and to travel .

C For many years , people have used transport to go to work , study , to travel .

S So , we use trains , buses and bikes to transport from place to place .

C So , we use trains , buses and bikes to get place to place .

S let us discover the aventadges and disavandges the

C Let examine advantages disadvantages

S I think that a public transport will have future by the many reasons .

C I think that transport will have a for .

S The car could be broken .

C The car could be broken .

S Man could have some problems with his health .

C A man have some problems with his health .

S For example , if man had broke a leg , it might be hard to drive a car .

C For example , if man had a it might be hard to drive a car .

S Also , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .

C Also , for some people could be cheaper to travel by , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .

S Sometimes are better to travel by the bus because of thorny road .

C Sometimes it to travel by because of thorny .

S Bus is one of the democracy transport , which is used by the students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .

C The bus a democratic form of , which is used by , kids , adults , rich and poor people .

S When you are travelling with a big company , it is a best decision to travel by the bus .

C When you are travelling with a big company , it is the decision to travel by .

S Because everyone has a place in the bus .

C This is because has a place on bus .

S And it 's funny and exciting to travel with the group by the bus .

C And it 's fun exciting to travel with a by .

S Nowadays , people has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .

C Nowadays , people have stressful , we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .

S We can think that there is no future for public transport because most of people use their own car .

C We might that there is no future for public transport , most use their own car .

S Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .

C Using your own car , can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what route going use .

S It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .

C It 's more comfortable to anywhere own car . The is the pollution that this life brings , and also the parking

S If everybody go with their own car , their have to park and maybe the place is full .

C If everybody goes own car , they to park and maybe the place is full .

S Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to go stopping in each town , so using your own town saves time .

C Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to stop each town , so using your own car time .

S Nowadays , people are really worried for their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people are lost their jobs and other are working in rubbish jobs for little money .

C Nowadays , people are really worried about jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people have their jobs and others working in rubbish jobs for little money .

S For all this , the question is too difficult to answer .

C Because of this , the question is too difficult to answer .

S In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .

C In my opinion , the most important is thing work because we spend average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we . As result , you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be .

S The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .

C The truth is , that the ideal be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , course , make lot of money , like for example , actors or football players . But almost impossible .

S In summary , for me , it is better enjoy at work every day , although you have not a big salary .

C In summary , for me , it is better to yourself work every day , although you do have big salary .

S The most important is wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .

C The most important thing to up each day with a big smile and work hard .

S The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .

C The Scorch one of the best films and thrillers I have ever seen . It so exciting to see the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune some sick person bites .

S one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .

C One the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to for them and take them again to the Cruel building , like all of them , n't want to with them . They a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides go after them and he gives speech to the people who with them and help him to get back Mihno . And I want to see in the next film is whether is mad at Teresa ( I liked ) and if they get free and the world goes to

S Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .

C Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .

S it is a beautiful place where people can go to spend an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .

C It a beautiful place where people can go to have excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .

S There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of the bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .

C There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of a and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .

S In the trip you can do many activities like climbing , swimming , paddling rafting and enjoying the place .

C On trip you can do many activities , climbing , swimming , paddling , and enjoying the place .

S It is a beautiful place to go on your free time and get to know it .

C It is a beautiful place to go in free time and get to know it .

S Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .

C Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .

S I think I am the appropriate personn for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good English level .

C I think I am the right this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English

S I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .

C I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do babysitting the company of children does frighten .

S I am a good cook .

C I am a good cook .

S When I was younger I went to summer camp in France , consequently I know which activities I can propose to children .

C When I was younger , went to summer camp in France . Consequently know which activities I can propose to children .

S I hope I convince you .

C I hope I have convinced .

S Best regards .

C Best regards .

S I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .

C I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .

S This subject is beautiful and incredible . I like it very much .

C This subject is beautiful and incredible . it very much .

S I want to do this course everyday if it 's possible also now .

C I want to do this course every day it 's possible also now .

S I want yours helps .

C I want your

S Can you help me somehow?Please I want to study this subject .

C Can you help me somehow ? Please want to study this subject .

S Thank you very much .

C Thank you very much .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .

S The day began as usual and no signs of trouble were but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .

C The day began as usual and there no signs of trouble when she woke up and went downstairs saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .

S Usually her dog had a blue color but at that moment it was Red

C Usually her dog was blue color but at that moment it was red

S Recently , I have seen the Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to recognize that I am looking forward to watch the next one .

C Recently , I saw new film , Django Unchained , and I have to say I am looking forward to watching next one .

S He took down every mistake he made last films .

C He took down every mistake he made his films .

S Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .

C Firstly , Django Unchained reminds of hard life suffered by black people in the past great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold an owner farm an amazing as identity 's films .

S Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .

C Nowadays , in countries , are for sports to be fit very active and are many sports to participate in

S On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport specially volleyball .

C On the one , there are some arguments for sport , .

S When I play volleyball I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game .this game i like to play .

C When I play volleyball , totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game . This is a I to play .

S The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .

C The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .

S In addition to this It pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .

C In addition to this , me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .

S It 's all about will power and the absolute want to get better .

C It 's all about willpower the absolute desire get better .

S On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .

C On the other , there are a lot famous players who have knee injuries .The frequent cause injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .

S In addition to this , Injuries were more frequent during games than training .

C In addition to this , injuries more frequent during games than during .

S In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .

C In my opinion , volleyball then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My someone is starting sport is that will be refreshed you play this game and it you do work in a .

S I believe there are numerous possibilities on public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .

C I believe there are numerous possibilities for transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .

S First of all , public transport probably meets the demands of people who hardly or do n't use their cars to travel .

C First of all , public transport probably meets the needs people who hardly use do n't use their cars to travel .

S In Japan , which has one of the largest population over 60s , many senior people prefer to use buses to cars .

C In Japan , which has one of the largest populations 60 many senior citizens using to cars .

S In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .

C In addition , a new generation is growing up they do n't own their own because are opportunities to travel and because of the cost of having a car of own .

S Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places with us .

C Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places

S It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination before the departure by using public transport .

C It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination we are public transport .

S So it prevents us to open maps to confirm every single route .

C So it prevents us from having open maps to confirm every single route .

S Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .

C Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .

S When it comes to our environment , the use of transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .

C When it comes to our environment , the use of public could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .

S Because of these reasons , I see a blight future for public transport .

C For reasons , I see a bright for public transport .

S it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turning point in our life .

C It beyond doubt taking of the environment is regarded as a point our life .

S it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .

C It upstream irrigates our economic life , there is doubt that negligence the ability to destroy many good aspects lives and government is doing its to put an to negligence ,

S but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .

C but we also must cooperate save our town . On one , must Presentation program for all people ,

S and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .

C and we must not rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , we must Maintain clean to keep the area attractive . Thus , can improve the by attracting many people from other towns And must teach that cleanliness necessary for their health and at school they should throw rubbish in the anyone throws on the ground will punished . In conclusion , ca n't do cleanliness town .

S Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .

C The natural is being . That a problem focus on frequently

S Many countries build more and more buildings affect people quality of life .

C Many countries build more and more buildings . This 's of life .

S Setting up more large building can destroyed people and animals live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .

C Building large buildings destroy 's animals ' and some animals may become

S Governments should do some measures to deal with build more buildings will destroy the ecological environment .

C Governments should take measures to deal with building buildings . We destroy the natural .

S There is no future for public transport , becasue travelling by car is so much more convenient .

C There is no future for public transport , because by car is so much more convenient .

S I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .

C I do agree with statement because cities there are a lot of cars . If the in a city use their car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .

S There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .

C There are more problems in big cities . One them is parking . There a lot of areas in a city where it very difficult to park you only have 2 options ; can park in a private car park pay a lot of money or you can waste your searching for a parking space

S Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .

C Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .

S I want to talk about my favourite sport game .

C I want to talk about my favourite sport

S Have you ever heard about hockey ?

C Have you ever heard of ?

S This is really my favourite sport game .

C This is really my favourite sport

S And I am fond of Russian team .

C And I am fond a team .

S We are taking part in championship this year .

C We are taking part in a this year .

S It will take place in Minsk .

C It will take place in Minsk .

S We are the best team of all .

C We are the best team of all .

S And I am glad to win a cup of championship .

C And I am glad win a championship cup

S I am waiting for a final of this game .

C I am waiting for the of this game .

S I want to give advice for children .

C I want to give advice to .

S Do n't be afraid of hockey!You used to sit in front of computer , but the best choice will get up and go to the hockeyclub .

C Do n't be afraid of hockey ! You to sitting front of a , but the best choice is up and go to the hockey club

S Hello !

C Hello !

S I am Xyz I have a 18 years old and I am student .

C I am Xyz . am old and I am a .

S I like to sing and I can play the guitar .

C I like to sing and I can play the guitar .

S I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cooking .

C I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cook

S I am cheerful and hardworking .

C I am cheerful and hardworking .

S I can speak English very well .

C I can speak English very well .

S I have experience in this work , because last year I worked at a children camp in London .

C I have experience of work , because last year I worked at a children 's in London .

S I enjoy fun with childrens .

C I enjoy fun with children

S I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .

C I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .

S Please contact with me .

C Please contact .

S My email adress is xxxxxxxx .

C My email address xxxxxxxx .

S I look forward to hearing from you .

C I look forward to hearing from you .

S Your sincerely ,

C Yours

S Xyz

C Xyz

S Hi Chris how are you ?

C Hi Chris how are you ?

S I am was asking to me if you want to go to the party with me ?

C I am was asking to me you want to go to a with me ?

S what you think ?

C What do think ?

S the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm

C The is week at 's , and is going to start at 5:00 pm .

S My favorite sport is swimming .

C My favorite sport is swimming .

S I engaged in swimming in nine years old .

C I started at years old .

S I had gotten first prize in a match .

C I got prize in a match .

S As a result , I think that I have some intellent on swimming .

C As a result , I think that I have some talent .

S Since then , I meet my teacher in the pool .

C Since then , I met teacher at pool .

S She teach me a lot of things , and be the most important figure in my life .

C She taught a lot of things , and is most important figure in my life .

S She is a doctor , she told me that swimming will let my body more better .

C She is a doctor . She me that swimming would my body more .

S From then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and fell relax .

C From then on , I felt disease feel .

S Consequently , I need to swim usually .

C Consequently , I need to swim often

S First of all , swim can help your health .

C First of all , swimming help your health .

S The research declined that swim can decrease disease .

C The research shows swimming decrease disease .

S Second , swim can relax yourself .

C Second , swim can relax yourself .

S When you in the water , you will feel relax .

C When you are the water , you will feel relax .

S Third , swim can get more friend .

C Third , swim can help you make friend .

S You can go to the swimming club , that is a way to meet people with interesting of same .

C You can go to a club . That a way to meet people with interesting of same .

S You can try this sport from now on .

C You should this sport now

S Running

C Running

S I am fond of running !

C I am fond of running !

S Many people think running is a wasting time or it 's very difficult but I do n't agree .

C Many people think running is a waste of or that 's very difficult , I do n't agree .

S Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring .

C Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring

S I started with three kilometers for one jog .

C I started with three kilometers for one jog .

S Now my average jogging is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .

C Now my average jog 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .

S My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .

C My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile

S Secondly , you will be healthier .

C Secondly , you will be healthier .

S I am less having a cold .

C I have fewer colds

S Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .

C Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .

S After that on the next day , I feel myself better .

C After that , the next day , I feel .

S Four years ago I had often cold and recovery long period .

C Four years ago , often had long recovery

S Now I have more energy and health to become happier .

C Now I have more energy and better to become happier .

S Thirdly , you will be more confident .

C Thirdly , you will be more confident .

S I started running four years ago .

C I started running four years ago .

S Cause of this was hurt my leg .

C Cause of leg was hurt

S After rehabilitation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .

C After rehabilitation , continued to pain my foot and I still limped .

S I decided to stop this and one gorgeous morning I starting running !

C I decided to put an end to and , gorgeous morning , started !

S As result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .

C As a , I know the men can be harder than can be seem

S After these moments , you starting doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .

C After these moments you start things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .

S My recommendations for beginners .

C My recommendations for beginners .

S 1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .

C 1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .

S I advise start from one km .

C I advise starting km .

S 2 ) Work systematically .

C 2 ) Work systematically .

S Two - three jogging in a week is norm for beginners .

C Two to jogs a week is the for beginners .

S 3 ) Grow up .

C 3 ) Grow up

S First week one km , second one km and 300 meters etc .

C First week one km , the , km and 300 meters , .

S 4 ) Think about your initial physical conditions .

C 4 ) Think about your initial physical condition

S Dear Mrs Kate Ashby

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby

S I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .

C I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .

S I found ad about this job on the Internet

C I found an for job on the Internet .

S I would like to start working in your cafe , because it is very interested in the kitchen and everything connected with it .

C I would like to start working in your cafe , because I interested in cooking everything connected with it .

S I have experience in working in a cafe .

C I have experience of in a cafe .

S My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .

C My advantage that I am very open and friendly .

S My last job is working as dealer in a lot of shops .

C My last job was as a a lot of shops .

S I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food .

C I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food sector

S I traveled a lot , because this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in many countries

C I have a lot , because this is my hobby . have about a lot of food in many countries .

S I used to work full - time jog .

C I am to working a - time job

S I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .

C I am prepared long working hours . That no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spending people .

S I look forward for new challenges and tasks .

C I look forward to challenges and tasks .

S I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .

C I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .

S I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .

C I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .

S I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .

S I expect a positive response .

C I hope for positive response .

S Patrycja Vigh

C Patrycja Vigh

S Dear Peter ,

C Dear Peter ,

S How are you ?

C How are you ?

S do you have any plan on next Sunday ?

C Do have any plans Sunday ?

S We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00.My husband invited you for that .

C We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00 . My invited you to .

S Do you fancy for coming ?

C Do you fancy ?

S If you come let me know do you like meat ?

C If you are coming , me know if like meat ?

S see you soon

C see you soon

S Katy

C Katy

S Is Physical Education necessary at schools ?

C Is Physical Education necessary in ?

S First of all , It is true that not all the people like do sports because they are heavy and a bit stressful too .

C First of all , It is true that not all like doing because they are hard work a bit stressful too .

S We can also say that there are other subjects more important than Physical Education , like Biology or History .

C We can also say that there are other more important subjects Physical Education , like Biology or History .

S However , Physical Education is necessary because makes people less lazy .

C However , Physical Education is necessary because it people less lazy .

S Despite the fact that sports are heavies , doctors are always saying that sports improves our health .

C Despite the fact that sports are hard work doctors are always saying that sports improve health .

S Schools have Physical Educations for teach this good habit since our childhood .

C Schools have Physical Education this good habit from childhood .

S In conclusion , Physical Education are necessary at schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .

C In conclusion , Physical Education is in because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .

