S Dear Mrs. Ashby ,

C Dear Mrs. Ashby ,

S Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .

C Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .

S I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .

C I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .

S I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies .

C I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for studies .

S I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .

C I have worked for year in London as a in the Rock Cafe and 6 months as a also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .

S So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .

C So I have experience of , costumer care and working long hours .

S I Know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc

C I know to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc

S I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !

C I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !

S I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .

C I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .

S I speak Spanish , English and German .

C I speak Spanish , English and German .

S Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .

C Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .

S I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .

C I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .

S I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .

C I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .

S Thank you for your time and consideration .

C Thank you for your time and consideration .

S Yours Sincerely ,

C Yours Sincerely ,

S María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna

C María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna

S Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .

C Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .

S The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .

C The idea of abandoning public transportation widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .

S As a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .

C As a matter of fact , car ownership has over the last decades , the number people using public transport .

S The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .

C The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling bus full of people or , worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .

S Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .

C Nevertheless , there side to this reality .

S There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .

C There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .

S There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .

C There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare than pay a full tank .

S Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .

C Similarly , people in countries with a turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .

S To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it .

C To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people make of .

S There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .

C There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .

S People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .

C People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .

S In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .

C In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .

S It 's just near your house or your office .

C It 's just near your house or your office .

S You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .

C You do n't have to go to a station on foot carrying bags or suffering because of the rain or the snow .

S But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .

C But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply n't like to drive , you could it to take transport .

S And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .

C And also more enjoyable : you can relax , to and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .

S Is the car faster then public transport ?

C Is the car faster than transport ?

S It depends .

C It depends .

S The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .

C The traffic can affect cars and buses to same extent

S Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .

C Sometimes cars are faster than ; buses are faster .

S Speed trains are always faster then cars .

C Fast are always faster than .

S Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .

C Speaking about money , travelling car seems cheaper than public transport .

S But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .

C But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying for insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .

S In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .

C In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .

S What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?

C What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?

S Public transport is absolutely better .

C Public transport is definitely .

S So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .

C So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport should preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .

S Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )

C Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )

S Dear Jan ,

C Dear Jan ,

S Thank you for your letter .

C Thank you for your letter .

S I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .

C I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .

S From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .

C From my experience working at an that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .

S I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .

C I am not sure , however , this job will meet all your requirements .

S In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .

C In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed relaxing day at the festival .

S Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills .

C Happily , will get the chance to practise your English skills .

S In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .

C In my case , I had to translate a large of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .

S Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .

C If you are looking for additional work experience , though , will probably be disappointed .

S All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .

C All I was asked to do rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .

S All in all , the experience was beneficial .

C All in all , the experience was beneficial .

S I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .

C I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .

S When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !

C When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !

S Take care of yourself ,

C Take care of yourself ,

S Favius

C Favius

S The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .

C The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .

S This whole business started to get on his nerves .

C This whole business has to get on his nerves .

S He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .

C He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .

S For now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .

C For now , thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .

S The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika , that 's the problem .

C The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That the problem .

S He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .

C He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .

S She 's not bad .

C She 's not bad .

S And he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .

C And he has to put a to this without hurting anybody .

S So yes , the decision is made .

C So , , the decision is made .

S He 'll break up with her .

C He 'll break up with her .

S Probably , even tomorrow .

C Probably , even tomorrow .

S It all started in such an idiotic way .

C It all started in such an idiotic way .

S The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .

C The door of his room was open He out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light cigarette .

S Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .

C Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , so on , but that what happened .

S And that definitely was not the right thing to do .

C And that definitely was not the right thing to do .

S At the moment he did n't realise that .

C At the time did n't realise that .

S Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .

C Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then knew he had made a huge mistake .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,

C Dear Sir or Madam ,

S I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .

C I am writing to apply for the post of camp counsellor advertised on your website .

S At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .

C At the moment , have finished second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .

S I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .

C I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .

S I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handy .

C I speak English , German and Polish and as a counsellor very handy .

S I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .

C I am very used to dealing with young people as I worked at a scout camp last year

S Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .

C Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .

S I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .

C I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor

S I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .

C I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .

S I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .

C I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .

S I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .

C I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .

S I look forward to hearing from you .

C I look forward to hearing from you .

S Yours faithfully ,

C Yours faithfully ,

S XYZ

C XYZ

S Well , I would like to talk about my school life .

C Well , I would like to talk about my school life .

S I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .

C I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics Italy , in the north .

S I wish to be a great engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .

C I hope be a great engineer one day , I 've decided to continue my studies at university .

S I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .

C I 'm good at school , my marks it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .

S These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .

C Recently , started studying in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .

S School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .

C School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , the subjects that I like most

S My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .

C My teachers are very good at their job , I hope to be like them one day .

S The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .

C The big problem in my class is majority of my classmates : they are hopeful school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , think , at home .

S The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .

C The thing that most me is that they copy from me and the other good students all the time

S However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .

C However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .

S Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .

C Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at college .

S I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .

C I hope to be at a good English level , next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to into , though know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .

S Puerquitour : A great experience to your mouth .

C Puerquitour : A great experience for mouth .

S Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .

C Nowadays , is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of calories , the kilos they are going to gain , all that stuff .

S I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .

C I arrived in City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .

S We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .

C We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .

S Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .

C Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .

S The first day started in an important date … Taco Day !

C The first day started on important date … Taco Day !

S Tacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .

C Tacontento was the place we chose we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .

S Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .

C Because is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .

S Again we ate tacos , but this time they were special .

C Again , ate tacos , but this time they were special .

S The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .

C The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .

S It means that they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .

C This that they have different flavours tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .

S That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .

C That day did not end the tacos . After walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , went to a theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .

S Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .

C The third was one of my favourites The is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel like 're 50s .

S La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .

C La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the famous women and lovely drinks .

S Totally recommended !

C Highly !

S Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .

C Mar Azul Restaurant in the north of Mexico City , was the location the fourth day of Puerquitour .

S Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .

C The seafood delicious there . My are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .

S Fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .

C On the fifth , it was time to eat more tacos . The ? … El asadero Hidalguense .

S You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .

C You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , you can share it with company , I did .

S Do n't forget to ask for a litter of beer .

C Do n't forget to ask for a litre beer .

S Almost a week in the Puerquitour .

C Almost a week into Puerquitour .

S The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .

C The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda a friend from high school , who had presented it to get a 's , a to , who is already in USA , and that I was the UK .

S Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pub .

C Because we like , we celebrated by in Memelas Pub .

S You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .

C You ca n't go there and not memelas , which like huarache but bigger and absolutely .

S The dessert ?

C The dessert ?

S Ice cream in Tepoznieves .

C Ice cream in Tepoznieves .

S Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .

C Because Vic was almost with a foot in USA , we spent all day together .

S Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .

C The seventh started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .

S Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .

C Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .

S The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .

C The plan was to have at Hilaria Gastrobar because of the good comments about it , but that day it was closed , we decided to eat at El Huequito , traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .

S The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .

C The last day of The Puerquitour was rounded off my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about everything and nothing

S I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .

C I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .

S Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !

C Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !

S These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .

C These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .

S This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .

C This child been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her husband .

S Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .

C Sadly , Pip has no fortune at all

S Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .

C Moreover , he is just a regular child a terrible life .

S Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .

C Besides , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent child

S He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .

C He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .

S Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .

C Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .

S Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .

C Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end like him .

S At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .

C At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .

S He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .

C He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .

S Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .

C Nevertheless , the narrator is the true and the way of story the reason why the story can connect with the reader .

S Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .

C Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .

S And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .

C And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .

S The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .

C The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .

S Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .

C Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on a few occasions , to his own words .

S This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .

C This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers thief , that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .

S Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .

C Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .

S The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .

C The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .

S He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .

C He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .

S However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .

C However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective too .

S Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .

C Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , from at their tombstone .

S These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .

C These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed as a afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .

S Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .

C Besides , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .

S The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .

C The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically He on their appearance .

S Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .

C Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her suffer and she what their neighbors think about her , than worrying about the people live in her house .

S The narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .

C The narrator describes her as a that has earned a good reputation by aggressive towards brother .

S And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .

C And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .

S Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .

C Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .

S In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .

C In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole of the thief , about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .

S This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .

C This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in and simple sentences .

S For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :

C For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :

S " My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "

C " My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "

S Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "

C Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "

S On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :

C On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :

S " Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know

C " Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know

S what a file is ? "

C what a file is ? "

S " Yes , sir . "

C " Yes , sir . "

S " And you know what wittles is ? "

C " And you know what wittles is ? "

S " Yes , sir . "

C " Yes , sir . "

S Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .

C Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .

S Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .

C Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .

S The marsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .

C The marsh pointed first chapter is a example .

S Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .

C Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .

S The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "

C The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "

S This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .

C This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .

S Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .

C Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .

S The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .

C The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbacks

S The story is narrated as it happens .

C The story is narrated as it happens .

S The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .

C The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .

S Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .

C Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .

S The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .

C The narrator reveals not so much about himself the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout text .

S The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .

C The thief disappears , but the first chapter 's makes feel curious about their next meeting .

S Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .

C Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .

S Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .

C Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .

S All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .

C All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .

S Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .

C Probably , the thief will take Pip on unwanted adventure that will make him grow faster .

S I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .

C I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in graveyard .

S Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .

C Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .

S I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .

C I would like to read a story without tale a regular man who died while he was learning to live .

S Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .

C Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .

S This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .

C This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child

S Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .

C Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey

S If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .

C If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .

S Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .

S She has been waiting so long for this day to come .

C She has been waiting so long for this day to come .

S It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .

C It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .

S She knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .

C She had known was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .

S She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .

C She did not feel bad about it because she loved parents very much and she felt by them .

S After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .

C After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need happened to her biological and why gave Anna away .

S After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .

C After finding the adoption papers , contacted the adoption .

S She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .

C She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological would be a match for a kidney transplant " .

S Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .

C Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .

S A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .

C A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .

S She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .

C She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .

S After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .

C After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .

S At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .

C At the beginning , did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .

S But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .

C But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .

S After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .

C After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .

S They agreed to meet the next day in the park .

C They agreed to meet the next day in the park .

S She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .

C She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .

S Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .

C Anna would able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .

S The most exciting day of my life .

C The most exciting day of my life .

S Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .

C Last summer I went on holiday to , in Italy , with my family .

S On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .

C On the first day , was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , llaria with us

S But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !

C But I changed my mind when I heard on radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !

S I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .

C I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .

S Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .

C Unexpectedly , on third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the time thought they were making a video .

S Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !

C Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an . was Felix !

S So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .

C So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .

S I was really exciting !

C I was really excited

S Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .

C Then I went to him and he had his photo taken me .

S He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .

C He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life him some questions and singing his songs .

S When he left I was sad but also really happy .

C When he left I was sad but also really happy .

S This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .

C This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .

S L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy

C L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy

S One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .

C One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .

S As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .

C As you enter the restaurant , know the pizza is going to be good .

S The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .

C The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world 's pizza .

S The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .

C The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .

S My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .

C My only complaint is that are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide to order .

S So far I have never been disappointed .

C So far I have never been disappointed .

S To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .

C To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .

S As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .

C As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas of them made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .

S Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .

C Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food the service is friendly and efficient .

S The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .

C The staff is very helpful , the menu to customers .

S Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .

C Also , prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert

S I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .

C I thoroughly this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at value .

S I promise you wo n't be disappointed .

C I promise you wo n't be disappointed .

S The best places for young people in Dublin

C The best places for young people in Dublin

S This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .

C This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .

S It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .

C It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .

S It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .

C It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .

S It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .

C It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .

S The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .

C The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .

S The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .

C The Odeon cinema offers a wide of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .

S The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .

C The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .

S Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .

C Several people said that the Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .

S On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .

C On the whole , are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' and the available to them .

S It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .

C It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .

S Sports starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .

C Sports start admired by young people can imprint a model of behavior on the minds of the young

S In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .

C In this essay , sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .

S From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .

C From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .

S Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .

C Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .

S This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .

C This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .

S Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .

C Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .

S The importance of working hard to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .

C The importance of working hard to achieve goals practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .

S This is a good example for youngsters to follow .

C This is a good example for youngsters to follow .

S From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .

C From another perspective , sometimes , athletes are not good role models .

S Firstly , sport has become business .

C Firstly , sport has become business .

S Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .

C Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .

S This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .

C This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .

S Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .

C Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .

S For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .

C For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .

S It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .

C It goes without saying this kind of behavior sends the message to the young .

S In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .

C In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .

S On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .

C On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the young as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .

S Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .

C Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .

S They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .

C They are influenced by the surroundings which they live : Dickens , city of London , Bronte sisters the natural landscape of .

S Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .

C Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use a person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .

S Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .

C Their realism is different : in fact , ' style is that of sentimental realism , which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes portray , while the Bronte sisters use a style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .

S The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .

C The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in a country from 1979 to 2004 .

S Of the given source , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .

C Of the given sources the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .

S From the 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .

C From the 4 sources 3 of them maintained steady decline , the exception of chicken consumption , had risen over the 25 year period .

S Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .

C Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same of 52 grams per person per week .

S Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .

C Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining between 1979 and 2004 , although they a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week just over 120 grams per person per week .

S Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .

C Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed increase 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of per person per week .

S Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .

C Overall , it is clear the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , one remained steady the 25 year period

S Dear Mr. Merrifield :

C Dear Mr. Merrifield :

S My name is Dmitry Lavrov .

C My name is Dmitry Lavrov .

S I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center .

C I 'm a postdoc at the Cancer Research Center .

S Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .

C Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .

S Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .

C Recently , Moscow and while we were a , that I was looking for an to work in a position abroad .

S And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology Alexis told me to try and contact you .

C And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , told me to try .

S Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .

C Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications support suggestion that working in your lab apparently provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .

S Not to mention the participation in pioneering study .

C Not to mention the participation in a study .

S My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .

C My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .

S Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .

C Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in the and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .

S Thereafter I studied accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .

C Thereafter , studied the of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .

S On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .

C In course this investigation , have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at beginning of September

S Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .

C Also , 'm preparing materials for the next publication .

S Yours respectfully ,

C Yours respectfully ,

S Dmitry Lavrov

C Dmitry Lavrov

S P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .

C P.S. My and a copy of my paper are the attachment .

S Dmitry Lavrov

C Dmitry Lavrov

S P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .

C P.S. My and a copy of my paper are the attachment .

S I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .

C I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . am referring to Lugo city .

S I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .

C I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .

S I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .

C I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .

S There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .

C There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .

S For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .

C For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .

S I think that Lugo is very beautiful .

C I think that Lugo is very beautiful .

S There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .

C There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .

S In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .

C In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .

S Among the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .

C Among the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .

S From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .

C From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .

S San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .

C San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .

S This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .

C This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .

S Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .

C Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .

S It is celebrated in June .

C It is celebrated in June .

S During this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .

C During this festival Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .

S I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .

C I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .

S You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .

C You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .

S Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .

C Lugo is an city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .

S The bigger the city , bigger the problem .

C The bigger the city , the the problem .

S The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "

C The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste daily "

S City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .

C City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .

S Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .

C Despite this there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .

S The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .

C The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .

S The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .

C This will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .

S In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .

C In accordance the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .

S This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "

C This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program on disposal problem . "

S City X " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .

C City X " incinerates hospital waste in accordance with legal requirements , and sends of the garbage production to recycling factories .

S The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .

C The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .

S The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .

C The program represents 2% of in the city , but it needs to expand .

S The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .

C The city has many projects , as Keep it clean , keep it beautiful , the goal of which to promote proper disposal in the public areas .

S Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .

C Another important one is Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by over last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .

S A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .

C A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of vegetables consumed the metropolitan area .

S A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .

C A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .

S The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .

C The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce recycled rubbish .

S The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .

C The increase in areas represents significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfils out 20 requirements of a city of the future .

S Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .

C Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .

S It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .

C It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .

S For example , you can travel to new places .

C For example , you can travel to new places .

S Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .

C Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .

S Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .

C Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .

S You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .

C You can travel to different countries if you have time . would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .

S But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .

C But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .

S You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .

C You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .

S However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .

C However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .

S But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .

C But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to you want to study .

S We live in a time when everything changes quickly .

C We live in a time when everything changes quickly .

S A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .

C Technological makes believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .

S We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .

C We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .

S We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .

C We 'll have the to choose on which planet we want to live .

S And what about houses ?

C And what about houses ?

S Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?

C Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?

S Imagining the future , I see everything different .

C Imagining the future , I see everything different .

S The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .

C The avant - garde and futuristic designs houses will be the most desirable .

S The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .

C The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .

S Some of them might be turned upside down .

C Some of them might be turned upside down .

S Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .

C Sometimes , will be some kind of a modern artwork it will be hard to describe the .

S And what about interiors ?

C And what about interiors ?

S In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .

C In our service there will be more machines and robots with intelligence .

S They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .

C They will do practically : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and with us like an ordinary .

S In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .

C In practice , will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .

S Everything will be artificial and uncozy .

C Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable

S That 's how I see a home of the future .

C That 's how I see the of the future .

S Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !

C Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !

S I really hope to work with you someday !

C I really hope to work with you someday !

S To make sure you get the position successfully , here are some useful advice and information you might want to know .

C To make sure you get the position successfully , here is useful advice and information you might want to know .

S At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .

C At the interview , leaving interviewers with good impression is of great importance . Here are tips on how to do it .

S First , dressing as properly as possible .

C First , dressing as appropriately possible .

S Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .

C Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .

S Suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .

C Suitable dress across as effective and reliable .

S Second , being punctual .

C Second , being punctual .

S Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .

C Interviewers have to cope with a schedule every day , they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .

S Third , being prepared .

C Third , being prepared .

S As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .

C As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .

S You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .

C You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .

S If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .

C If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .

S Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .

C Since you 've applied for the sales assistant position the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .

S He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .

C He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .

S Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .

C Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .

S He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .

C He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .

S In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .

C In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .

S I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .

C I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .

S Looking forward to hearing from you soon .

C Looking forward to hearing from you soon .

S Lots of Love ,

C Lots of Love ,

S Iris

C Iris

S Dear Sir or Madam

C Dear Sir or Madam

S I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .

C I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .

S Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .

C Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .

S Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .

C Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight- twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .

S Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .

C Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .

S Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .

C Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .

S Yours faithfully

C Yours faithfully

S I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .

C I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .

S Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .

C Yet , often being overly respectful may play against him and , he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of people 's mistakes .

S If I had my own language school I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .

C If I had my own language school , would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .

S Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .

C Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics , as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .

S By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .

C By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , also to identify customers ' needs .

S After that , I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .

C After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise strategies to attract them .

S For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .

C For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings

S Instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awarenes , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .

C Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .

S However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .

C However , if the target markets were both people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .

S The last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .

C The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .

S Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .

C Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .

S And you ?

C And you ?

S Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses for example ?

C Have you ever thought about how you could your language courses , example ?

S I challenge you to think about it and try it .

C I challenge you to think about it and try it .

S According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .

C According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the wealth of communities .

S People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .

C People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .

S Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .

C Another advantage is that a natural gas industry equals new jobs , profitable for people living in the area

S Exploration and extraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .

C Exploration and extraction of gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the industry . For instance , exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .

S We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .

C We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create job vacancies

S Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .

C Even if companies engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth the of job positions in the and hospitality sectors they need to eat and sleep somewhere .

S According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .

C According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the and hospitality sectors as well .

S The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas

C The Kosciuszko Institute conducted which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .

S Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .

C Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .

S When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .

C When planning their vacation , lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .

S Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .

C Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , there are so many choices .

S There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .

C There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .

S Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .

C Sandy beaches , crystal - waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .

S Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !

C Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !

S Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .

C Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .

S Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .

C Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .

S The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .

C The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .

S Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .

C Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .

S Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely fun !

C Besides beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good !

S Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .

C Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .

S The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .

C The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a days are going to be enough .

S In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .

C From personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .

S It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .

C It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .

S For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .

C For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .

S I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .

C I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .

S The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .

C The plan required my commitment for around hours of study for almost 3 months .

S For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .

C Because of hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .

S If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .

C If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .

S Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .

C Another thing to add is not being stressed the night before the exam

S It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .

C It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .

S What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .

C What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that included in your exam .

S For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .

C For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , that I still had enough time to ace my exam .

S Two days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .

C Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run of time .

S I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .

C I had insomnia the night before exam . It n't enough that I was n't well prepared , also my nerves got into tatters that affected my scores tremendously .

S Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .

C Ever since , do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .

S Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .

C Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .

S If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .

C If you do n't start studying before the at appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines the subject , but this will never help you soak up details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .

S That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .

C That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .

S I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .

C I can recall a when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .

S In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .

C In the exam , I had a where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .

S Since I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .

C Because had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .

S It was just flooding without so much effort .

C It was just flooding back so much effort .

S So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .

C So , for sure , enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .

S In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .

C In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term plan is much better than having only a days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well you should start studying from day one if possible .

S Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?

C Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim for

S In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .

C In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .

S Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .

C Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .

S The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .

C The carbon emissions are small .

S The biggest threat is the explosion .

C The biggest threat is .

S However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .

C However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .

S Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .

C Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fuels .

S Energy which we get from sun and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .

C Energy which we get from sun and wind is still a few percent of world energy production .

S Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .

C Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .

S When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .

C Once have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .

S The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .

C The most expensive thing in a power is hiring personnel .

S Besides , we need something that can work all the time .

C In addition we need something that can work all the time .

S It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .

C It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .

S If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .

C If we run out of power , cities could be plunged into and that unacceptable .

S Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .

C Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .

S Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .

C Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .

S Lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .

C Lima has a multicultural tradition , as it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , mestizos , European Peruvians , the second largest group , the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .

S Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .

C Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , as the survival the - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .

S The Historic Centre of Lima was declared World Heritage Site in 1988 .

C The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a Heritage Site in 1988 .

S It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .

C It is a city that keeps its history through : architecture , balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the . On day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors Through traditional , " La Marinera " . also their history through religion , you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their is another extraordinary and wonderful example of symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .

S Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .

C Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .

S Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .

C Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , nature and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .

S Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .

C Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays in

S Hi Jane ,

C Hi Jane ,

S Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .

C Last time you asked me for some information about opening a savings in the UK . I 've done some research to find best savings account for you .

S Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .

C Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .

S The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .

C The Phone Bank might have a good offer for you .

S Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .

C Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .

S Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .

C Additionally , if you open a savings with bank , you will get a diary as a gift .

S And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .

C And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .

S Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .

C Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .

S And all banking operations must be done by phone .

C And all banking operations must be done by phone .

S The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .

C The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do banking the .

S But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .

C But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .

S You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .

C You do also get a gift as a new account holder ; full set of saucepans ( do you really need that ) .

S All in all , I would recommend you to open your first serving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .

C All in all , I would recommend you to open your first savings with Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .

S And doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .

C And doing transactions phone is very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .

S The final decision is yours .

C The final decision is yours .

S Take care and see you very soon ,

C Take care and see you very soon ,

S Yours Agnieszka

C Yours Agnieszka

S To : gKL6@yahoo.com

C To : gKL6@yahoo.com

S From : oS7jM@yahoo.com

C From : oS7jM@yahoo.com

S Subject : An important thing to do !

C Subject : An important thing to do !

S My dear Paul ,

C My dear Paul ,

S I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .

C I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .

S It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .

C It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .

S I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .

C I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at recording .

S What can I say ?

C What can I say ?

S It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .

C It 's been my dream since childhood and was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .

S I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .

C I am glad that they were satisfied with my services

S I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !

C I can hardly wait see you and to share happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !

S Yours ,

C Yours ,

S Ionut

C Ionut

S I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .

C I have been skiing for most of my and I am very enthusiastic about it .

S I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .

C I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .

S Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .

C Every day , soon as I woke up , looked forward to my morning on the slopes .

S My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .

C My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .

S The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .

C The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .

S My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .

C My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .

S Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .

C Little by little , improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .

S Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .

C Nowadays , have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .

S Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .

C Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .

S After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not accidental .

C After six years of rigorous high school study past experiences , I have no doubt that the choices 've selected above are not accidental .

S I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .

C I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .

S The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .

C The subjects I 've pursued at school level , as financial accounting , commerce and economics , me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .

S I 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .

C I 've also participated in various group projects class projects while in high school .

S I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .

C I am planning to gain admission at university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .

S I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .

C I would love to work extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the choices 've selected above .

S Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .

C Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hard work in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .

S I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .

C I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .

S I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .

C I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect and Captain of the school soccer .

S I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .

C I am a very good soccer player who plays

S Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .

C Undertaking a scholarship and admission to of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity apply the knowledge gained at high school in business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I at high school .

S After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republic before taking any step in applying .

C After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do research on Czech Republic before taking any step towards .

S I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .

C I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .

S Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .

C Czech universities provide standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a and affordable education , and friendly environment and cultural diversity .

S I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .

C I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .

S Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .

C Above all , the high quality of will make me ready for the future .

S Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .

C Another major reason why I am to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .

S Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !

C Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and studying some parts of Nigeria is safe !

S Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .

C Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent to of my chosen the Czech Republic Scholarship team .

S I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .

C I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my chosen , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .

S In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .

C In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen in more ways than one .

S A dog is man 's best friend

C A dog is man 's best friend

S It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .

C It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .

S However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .

C However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .

S They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .

C They seek solace in someone who they more comfortable with .

S The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .

C The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .

S Dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .

C A dog personality is one of its qualities .

S Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .

C Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .

S They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .

C They sense their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .

S It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .

C It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .

S Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .

C A dog optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to 's faces

S And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .

C And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .

S These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .

C These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .

S One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .

C One of their jobs is to watch over human family .

S So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .

C So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing might have caused it .

S The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .

C The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .

S It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .

C It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .

S Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .

C Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Bathing grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .

S These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .

C These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend day at work or in school and need some physical activity .

S So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .

C So , a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .

S In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .

C In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .

S Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .

C Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .

S So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .

C So , someone really loves their pet , they will time to pay a of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .

S Hi John !

C Hi John !

S It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .

C It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .

S First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .

C First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .

S Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .

C Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .

S Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .

C Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems however , you may need to practise little bit more before embarking on this activity .

S Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .

C Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .

S Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .

C Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .

S You ca n't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort!.

C You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is a big effort!.

S Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .

C Furthermore , you will be able to do . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .

S One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .

C One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .

S I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .

C I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .

S To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .

C To sum up , I firmly that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself lot without getting yourself into trouble .

S For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit

C For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit .

S Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .

C Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .

S With best wishes :

C With best wishes

S Sara .

C Sara .

S I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .

C I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in room .

S I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...

C I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...

S My mother had written me after months !

C My mother had written to after months !

S Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .

C Since she left for last year , had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful all , which me feel really depressed .

S But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .

C But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .

S She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .

C She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .

S It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .

C It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .

S I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .

C I had never travelled to Europe before I was really nervous but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .

S Dear Sir / Madam ,

C Dear Sir / Madam ,

S Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor

C Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor

S I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .

C I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .

S I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .

C I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .

S I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .

C I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the .

S Currently I am working in a press as an editor .

C Currently I am working for editor .

S I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .

C I am an aggressive creative but careful person who can work independently .

S On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .

C On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable and a strong sense of responsibility .

S Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .

C Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .

S Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .

C Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .

S I look forward to hearing from you soon .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .

S Yours faithfully ,

C Yours faithfully ,

S Chen Ki Tsou

C Chen Ki Tsou

S Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .

C Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .

S Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .

C Aware disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to see homeschooling a solution to children 's education .

S Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it

C Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it

S is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .

C is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars , that compels us to seek other routes .

S Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,

C Homeschooling should not be considered a world wide phenomenon , only a few countries : the UK ,

S Canada , and especially the USA , can boast .

C Canada , and especially the USA , can boast of having it

S There are lots of countries that do not

C There are lots of countries that have

S accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .

C accepted as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence

S The situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free

C The situation in Spain can be assessed as a legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free

S education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .

C education , is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .

S Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .

C Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .

S Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .

C Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even life .

S Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardize test and the recognition of prestigious universities .

C Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized the recognition of prestigious universities .

S Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :

C Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :

S the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .

C the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .

S As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational

C As far as I am concerned , want to think about homeschooling as a wake - call for educational

S systems .

C systems .

S However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .

C However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .

S As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the

C As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the

S solution " and blended learning is the future .

C solution " and blended learning is the future .

S Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .

C The geography natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will be into consideration while designing houses of the future .

S Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .

C Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy - systems .

S In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .

C In areas exposed to natural disasters such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .

S Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .

C Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular regard

S Environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .

C Environmentally - buildings will definitely be the drawing board .

S Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .

C Built from or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are and more popular , these days .

S Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .

C Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .

S Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .

C Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .

S Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .

C Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .

S Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .

C Although people will mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .

S I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .

C I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .

S Catch it or lose it

C Catch it or lose it

S The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .

C The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .

S That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .

C That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .

S You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .

C You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .

S Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .

C Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .

S Are you a real team player ?

C Are you a real team player ?

S Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .

C Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .

S Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .

C Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .

S This shows how rapidly the game can change .

C This shows how rapidly the game can change .

S One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .

C One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .

S I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .

C I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .

S At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .

C At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became a .

S What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional team spirit .

C What I love most about this sport is speed and the unconditional team spirit .

S If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !

C If you want to play , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !

S Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world

C Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world

S It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .

C It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing sport .

S Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .

C Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport effective way of taking the stress out our bodies .

S In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .

C In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , it be the morning before going to work or even after .

S Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .

C Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes many more are just as interesting and beneficial

S One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .

C One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .

S It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .

C It consists of a mixture of different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , a result , can be extremely demanding .

S What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .

C What I enjoy most about it is being able to do anywhere , which means I can do it near my instead of having to go to a sports center .

S It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .

C It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .

S Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .

C Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .

S Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .

C Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .

S You must not push yourself too far .

C You must not push yourself too hard

S A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .

C A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .

S However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .

C However , are some questions as to it should be for or not .

S First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .

C First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .

S Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .

C Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills time well spent

S But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .

C But that not the only reason to take a year off .

S Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .

C Most think that this year is for other countries and spending your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .

S On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .

C On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending in the wrong way .

S For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .

C For example , things might not go they had expected for multiple reasons , as not having enough or not getting a job .

S In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .

C In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have everything know for sure they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .

S Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .

C Hello , my name is Lidia . am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .

S I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .

C I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .

S In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .

C In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star for and a half months Badajoz .

S I already have skills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .

C I already have skills in listening closely to customers and in - depth of front desk operations .

S My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .

C My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .

S I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .

C I am flexible , a good team player , and able work under pressure .

S My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .

C My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have - intermediate level as well .

S Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .

C Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy most in order to discover new places and cultures .

S I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .

C I also love meeting new people from other and exchanging .

S You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .

C You may contact me at or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .

S Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !

C Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !

S " Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .

C " Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .

S Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .

C Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .

S When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .

C When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .

S At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .

C At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .

S I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .

C I liked this story a lot , , I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take to another universe , making me forget everyday

S Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .

C Secondly , is very original , it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights are shown to be and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .

S I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .

C I would recommend this story to everybody , it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .

S Dear Sir or Madam ,

C Dear Sir or Madam ,

S I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .

C I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the Summer Camps I saw advertised in our local newspaper .

S I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .

C I am interested in working in Care .

S I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .

C I have recently graduated in Psychology from the Social Science University received high grades both my Teaching and Supervising courses

S In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .

C In addition , had to have one year of volunteering in a Supervision in preparation for our final so I am able to be a member of your highly - staff .

S Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four junger siblings .

C Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with bringing up four younger .

S I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .

C I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .

S In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for children .

C In the past two years , have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the manager to organize activities for children .

S This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .

C This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .

S I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .

C I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges working in youth environments .

S In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .

C In addition , my studies and experience taught me to be precise efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .

S I look forward to hearing from you .

C I look forward to hearing from you .

S Yours faithfully

C Yours faithfully

S Lubomir Sawicki

C Lubomir Sawicki

S Does traveling broaden your mind ?

C Does traveling broaden your mind ?

S In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .

C In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .

S When visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .

C When you different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .

S Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .

C Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .

S For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .

C For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .

S Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .

C Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .

S This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .

C This can help you to understand that not everyone has access many things you do have access and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .

S Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .

C Besides , when we travel to different places , see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .

S For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .

C For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .

S I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .

C I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academic

S To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .

C To fulfill this dream , PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .

S I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .

C I am mostly also interested in PhD in and Computational Chemistry .

S I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .

C I have a plan to study equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .

S I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .

C I would also like to carry out my PhD research into development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatment of human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .

S I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .

C I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .

S I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .

C I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .

S After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .

C After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the of Barisal .

S There is no future for public transport ?

C There is no future for public transport ?

S The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .

C The number of cars increases , but is still in use .

S Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .

C Especially in cities there are traffic jams , transport is becoming more and more popular again .

S In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .

C In some cities , 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to transport .

S But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?

C But what is more convenient - owning a or public transport ?

S Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .

C Well , depends .... When you travel in own car you are independent .

S You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .

C You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the , it 's your decision whenever you want to leave stay longer in some place .

S You can listen to your favorite music or radio .

C You can listen to your favorite music or the .

S You are the boss .

C You are the boss .

S However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .

C However , as a driver , always have to be careful and watch out on the road

S If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .

C If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .

S It allows you to see much more in your pace .

C It allows you to see much more at own .

S But think about the costs .

C But think about the costs .

S Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .

C Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .

S Consider as well how many days do you have for vacations .

C Consider , well , many days have for vacations .

S Maybe cheap airlines are better ?

C Maybe cheap airlines are better ?

S Being back to our everyday life .

C Coming to our everyday life .

S Most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .

C Most of us are living in cities and face problems with the traffic .

S What if we use the public transport to get to work ?

C What if we used to get to work ?

S Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .

C Well , then you do n't have to worry about a space and you can read more books on the way to work .

S Simply , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .

C Simply , you can use the journey work as time for yourself .

S What else ?

C What else ?

S After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !

C After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !

S And if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .

C And if the environment important to , think about the pollution .

S Let 's reflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?

C Let 's reflect once : is there a future for public transport ?

S In my opinion : yes , there is !

C In my opinion : yes , there is !

S Is travelling by car more convenient ?

C Is travelling by car more convenient ?

S Well , it depends !

C Well , it depends !

S Why using the first narration ?

C Why use ?

S The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .

C First person can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story make readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .

S We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .

C We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story the author invited us to what was the madman 's mind .

S Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like really happened .

C Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it had happened .

S Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .

C Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrate our hearts .

S How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?

C How does the author create a world horror for readers ?

S The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .

C The author created the horror by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .

S First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .

C First , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable to imagining images in their minds

S Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .

C Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of .

S Then comes to the sound , the heartbeats .

C Then comes sound , the heartbeats .

S To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .

C In opinion , the is the element that pushes whole story to the climax .

S Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .

C Every time sound of heartbeats started something ensued .

S In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .

C The time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .

S The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .

C The second time when the heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .

S At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .

C At the same time , the heartbeats also made readers nervous and anxious .

S Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .

C Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .

S The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .

C The whole story apart from end of the story when confessed the crime , the madman that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .

S The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .

C The sharp contrast calm and the cruelty , leaves us with strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .

S Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .

C Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .

S " Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .

C " Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties animals which are found there " , Max said his friends one sunny afternoon .

S When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .

C When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .

S When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .

C When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .

S Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .

C Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .

S They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .

C They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer its leg is in a trap ! , Max 's friend shouted .

S When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .

C When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .

S By this decision , Max took courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .

C Having made decision , Max found the to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .

S One of Max 's friend brought water from the river to give to the deer .

C One of Max 's friends water from the river to give to the deer .

S Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .

C Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to treat animal .

S Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .

C Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .

S When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .

C When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .

S The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?

C The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?

S Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .

C Probably not , but there many people in show business political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .

S Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .

C Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalous life .

S If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .

C If you decide to became famous because of your scandalous life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .

S There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .

C There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are you , it is important they are talking about you ' .

S Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .

C Most follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .

S That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .

C That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .

S Real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .

C The real starts when journalists injure the celebrity , but their or family .

S Paparazzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .

C Paparazzi are cruel when contact with famous people 's children , which have a influence on their emotional development .

S How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?

C How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?

S In most cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .

C In most cases , are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .

S And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .

C And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .

S Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .

C Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .

S And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .

C And I hope they understand , their duty is to protect relatives .

S Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .

C Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .

S As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .

C As a person who loves to eat , I consider the , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should .

S Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .

C Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .

S It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .

C It was suggested by two friends of mine and , to them , because of good food and fun .

S I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .

C I went to dinner with friends in order to have and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .

S In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .

C In my opinion , the food was good , the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .

S We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .

C We faced continuous problems with the order , as : dishes from another table served to by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .

S For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .

C Luckily for me or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .

S She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .

C She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had opened with lower prices and good service .

S I got curious about this place and decided to go later .

C I got curious about this place and decided to go later .

S " Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .

C " Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and service .

S They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .

C They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .

S After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .

C After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .

S We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .

C We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .

S After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .

C After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , that great places still exist

S Hey ! I survived ! ! :)

C Hey ! I survived ! ! :)

S First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !

C First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !

S Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?

C Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?

S And also , where are you now ? ? :)

C And also , where are you now ? ? :)

S In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .

C In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated ankle has got

S Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .

C Last week I was lent ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .

S Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !

C Furthermore , I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !

S So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .

C So I should be back around in no time :) .

S As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .

C As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .

S The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/

C The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/

S Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .

C Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .

S And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .

C And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .

S Back home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .

C Back home , everything started fast - I have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .

S So I had n't have time for much .

C So I did have time for much .

S I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .

C I have been totally immersed looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .

S He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .

C He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .

S * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .

C * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .

S What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .

C What I do n't understand the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .

S There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !

C There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !

S From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !

C From Sunday to Tuesday ) to that I was not counting on , proved do ! ! !

S I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !

C I decided to go home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest which was very much needed too !

S The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .

C The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .

S The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .

C The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it n't for limitations of ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .

S Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had plan .

C Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned

S I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .

C I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .

S About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?

C About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit longer

S I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .

C I haven't found to download the pictures ( of THE THINGS that I need to sort out , it ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .

S Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?

C Do remind me again , though if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?

S ( Please ! ) .

C ( Please ! ) .

S Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?

C Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?

S Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .

C Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .

S I 'm gon na go now .

C I 'm gon na go now .

S Talk to you soon , Mike .

C Talk to you soon , Mike .

S Receive a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .

C Have big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .

S Global warming and its consequences in 2015

C Global warming and its consequences in 2015

S The Guardian 's article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .

C The Guardian " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .

S Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .

C According scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in future .

S The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .

C The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it having carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .

S These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .

C These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .

S Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .

C Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .

S Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .

C Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like rise in or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , to its consequences for the , global security and the fight against poverty .

S She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .

C She stands up for a global deal confirmed at UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a for other countries .

S Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .

C Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .

S Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .

C Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters like , heatwaves , water shortages loss of harvests .

S Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .

C Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , to Belcher .

S Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .

C Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass growth Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .

S Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .

C Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and issue for UN summit in Paris .

S The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .

C The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .

S Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .

C Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .

S The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .

C The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .

S The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .

C The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .

S Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .

C Their qualities are extraordinary so that , matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .

S To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .

C To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .

S The World heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .

C The World Heritage is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .

S It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .

C It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered species that area or they a significant importance in history .

S World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .

C World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .

S The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .

C The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .

S Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .

C Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .

S Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .

C Another advantage for a site to being on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List , resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of preservation .

S Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .

C Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of and conservation given to heritage properties .

S A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .

C A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .

S The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .

C The disadvantages sites not included on World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .

S Moreover they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .

C Moreover , remain list of sites in danger without receiving .

S In my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect for UNESCO .

C In my opinion , sites in danger , they do meet criteria , be protect by .

S It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .

C It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to to invent new ways finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .

S Cricket is my passion .

C Cricket is my passion .

S I love playing , watching and talking about it .

C I love playing , watching and talking about it .

S It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .

C It 's my first passion and I have been it since far back my earliest memory goes .

S Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .

C Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .

S It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .

C It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take of others ' to succeed as a team .

S I started playing cricket since my early childhood .

C I started playing cricket in early childhood .

S Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .

C Even when I was a kid , started playing with boys much older me .

S It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .

C It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .

S I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .

C I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .

S Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .

C Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .

S I am fan of his batting .

C I am a of his batting .

S He has broken almost every record in cricket history .

C He has broken almost every record in cricket history .

S Apart from his cricketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .

C Apart from his cricketing skills , love ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .

S If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .

C If someone wants to learn more about cricket , would him to watch the of greats Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .

S To learn more about bowling one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .

C To learn more about bowling , should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .

S I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .

C I would advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .

S It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .

C It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .

S Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .

C Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them understand the insights the game in depth

S Cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .

C Cricket is going through a phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .

S But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .

C But I am sure it will come out of this strong will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its fans magnificent show .

S I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?

C I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what on my Bucket List ?

S I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .

C I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .

S By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?

C By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?

S It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .

C It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .

S I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .

C I think it kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .

S About two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .

C About two weeks before I met him , watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .

S It 's about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .

C It 's about a teen couple who are dying , and they have different ways of life and death .

S This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .

C This movie me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually without appreciating really important things .

S So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .

C So , watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .

S Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .

C Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is

S Before that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .

C Before that , had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , this , need to do other things .

S It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .

C It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to someone new , from another entirely culture to make me think about what I want .

S It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .

C It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .

S Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .

C Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .

S However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .

C However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to something , and I think that something " is almost everything .

S Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .

C Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .

S Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .

C Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .

S It is a ciclical process .

C It is a cyclical .

S Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .

C Rome had its heyday the first century AD , but just three centuries later , was only a shadow of its past .

S Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .

C Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .

S And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?

C And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?

S No one can assure such a thing .

C No one can guarantee a thing .

S But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .

C But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .

S I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .

C I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Age

S But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a second .

C But let 's pick up World War hypothesis for a second .

S A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .

C A worldwide is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the period 50 years from now .

S But there 's , at this day , prospects for a new World War ?

C But are there these days prospects for a new World War ?

S I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the hell do I know ?

C I do n't think so , but on the other hand , the hell do I know ?

S The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .

C The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people , about it .

S One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .

C One day in the future , Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse country to war on , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their in much older times .

S As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .

C As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in past conflict that may well have happened .

S But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .

C But let 's not digress into that . That all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .

S To : Sam

C To : Sam

S From : Simonetta

C From : Simonetta

S Date : 05/30/14

C Date : 05/30/14

S Subject : holidays are coming !

C Subject : holidays are coming !

S Hi Sam ,

C Hi Sam ,

S It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .

C It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .

S My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .

C My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .

S Do you remember it ?

C Do you remember it ?

S I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !

C I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !

S It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?

C It would be terrific if you came with me . Is possible ?

S Could you ask your parents ' permission ?

C Could you ask your parents ' permission ?

S In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .

C In this Camp , are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .

S In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .

C In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , them to do lots of activities in safety .

S There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !

C There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports !

S There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .

C There are two swimming pools two tennis courts one football pitch , canoeing lessons so on , what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .

S The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?

C The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What you think about with us from the 1st August the 15th ?

S I am look forward to receiving your answer !

C I am looking to receiving your answer !

S Best wishes .

C Best wishes

S Simonetta

C Simonetta

S The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .

C The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .

S I got up and I made my way to the front door .

C I got up and I made my way to the front door .

S Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .

C Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .

S I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .

C I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .

S She came down , but she did not scream .

C She came down , but she did not scream .

S Instead she started crying .

C Instead she started crying .

S The man as it turned out was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...

C The man , it turned out , my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...

S I did not know that he was still alive .

C I did not know that he was still alive .

S Mother had always told me he had died in the war .

C Mother had always told me he had died in the war .

S I think she did this for my own good .

C I think she did this for my own good .

S I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .

C I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .

S In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .

C In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .

S It was very odd to see him in my home .

C It was very odd to see him in my home .

S Now we all live together .

C Now we all live together .

S Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .

C Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .

S It is great to be a whole family again .

C It is great to be a whole family again .

S The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .

C The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .

S It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .

C It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .

S These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .

C These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .

S They helped each other and the elders ones taught the youngsters .

C They helped each other and the elder taught the youngsters .

S Sometimes , they became very rich .

C Sometimes , they became very rich .

S Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .

C Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .

S Their architecture is unique and beautiful .

C Their architecture is unique and beautiful .

S Today , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .

C Today , most of them house , shops and restaurants that attract lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .

S The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .

C The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .

S It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .

C It is an important place for because it is the oldest Grand Place in and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall and , among other things , chocolate shops .

S Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful gilding and carvings .

C Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings better

S Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .

C Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .

S Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .

C Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .

S The first Castle , called palatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .

C The first Castle , called palatium , was built in the century , and remains of it are still visible inside the walls .

S During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .

C During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the century , rebuilt in a Renaissance style which has unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the arcaded courtyard

S During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .

C During the tour , visitors are shown several rooms apartments as well as the Private Apartments world - famous of the ' .

S Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .

C Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the .

S Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .

C Apart from the featured there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle displaying history as well as the other collections .

S While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .

C While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one should miss Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .

S I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .

C I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .

S It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .

C It is a symbol of a thousand years of history and culture .

S Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .

C Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain , will be a memorable experience .

S I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .

C I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .

S I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .

C I think I am very lucky then , I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .

S My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .

C My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother tongue

S Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .

C Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when started learning until I was fifteen years old .

S So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .

C So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .

S Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .

C Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .

S One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .

C One year ago , decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it be not very difficult for me to be successful .

S I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .

C I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .

S Along the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .

C During course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .

S And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , It is not so easy to be precise .

C And there I realised at least two things : the first one was it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was even when you can make yourself generally understood , it not so easy to be precise .

S A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .

C A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .

S In the same way I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .

C In the same way , had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .

S Adolescence .

C Adolescence .

S Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't rembember is that it could be also the worst .

C Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember that it can be worst .

S Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .

C Adolescence can compared to a foggy path and , when it seems you can see something through , in reality you ca .

S This awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .

C This awful fog is composed of uncontrolled emotions .

S Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .

C Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .

S This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we descover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .

C This could be one of the reasons we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .

S Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .

C Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .

S As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .

C As I said , can very confused and if there 's one that gets our skin when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite

S The worst part is that they get angry with us !

C The worst part is that they get angry with us !

S We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !

C We 're confused , they 're not clear , then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !

S It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .

C It 's true that we should always be respectful , sometimes it turns out to be impossible , they do everything to provoke us .

S I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .

C I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement because in the end we do n't only feel anger towards but also a lot of love .

S Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .

C Love : that a new feeling that adolescents have to face .

S It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .

C It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling like for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .

S It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .

C It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .

S That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .

C That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let fall asleep night .

S It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .

C It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as it is .

S Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .

C Adolescence like this ; 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown in dark .

S Dear group leader ,

C Dear group leader ,

S First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village .

C First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in small village .

S I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .

C I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .

S Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .

C Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .

S On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .

C On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .

S In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .

C In the municipality of Artà you will find a coastal , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .

S Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village .

C Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing .

S Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .

C Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .

S Here your adventure starts .

C Here your adventure starts .

S In order to get to your destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .

C In order to get to your destination , must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .

S You will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .

C You will ride as far as los cans , one of the most enigmatic of Mallorca .

S This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .

C This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .

S For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .

C For that reason , you must cycle or walk

S As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .

C As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .

S It means that the most important is the way , the journey .

C It means that the most important is the way , the journey .

S Going on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .

C Cycling the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .

S On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .

C On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .

S There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .

C There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .

S Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .

C Moreover , you will pass two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .

S Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .

C Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .

S It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .

C It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .

S There you can practise different sports .

C There you can practise different sports .

S It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .

C It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .

S There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .

C There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet .

S A part from sports , you should note two different culture points .

C Apart sports , you should note two different culture points .

S On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .

C On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe storms .

S On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tower called " Talaiot " .

C On the other hand , there is a prehistoric called " Talaiot " .

S The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .

C The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .

S Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .

C Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .

S It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .

C It is important to stay on beach until the sun goes down .

S The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .

C The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .

S From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .

C From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .

S Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .

C Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .

S I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .

C I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : please keep the secret .

S Regards ,

C Regards ,

S Paula .

C Paula .

S Introduction .

C Introduction .

S The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .

C The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .

S This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .

C This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .

S The gym .

C The gym .

S The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .

C The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .

S On the other hand , the gym is too small .

C On the other hand , the gym is too small .

S Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .

C Every afternoon it is crowded , it is very difficult to do exercise .

S The swimming pool .

C The swimming pool .

S It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .

C It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .

S Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .

C Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .

S On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .

C On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .

S Conclusions .

C Conclusions .

S The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .

C The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .

S Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .

C Furthermore , you should to avoid the cold the passageway the changing rooms to the swimming pool .

S The Future of Public Transport

C The Future of Public Transport

S When we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .

C When we imagine the , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .

S As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .

C As technologies develop and become cheaper , and more people buy private .

S A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .

C A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .

S Travalling by car is also much more convenient .

C Travelling car is also much more convenient .

S Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?

C Does this all mean that the years of public transportation are coming an end ?

S In my opinion , it is not true .

C In my opinion , it is not true .

S Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .

C Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .

S Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .

C Students , children from large families , and people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .

S Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .

C Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .

S Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .

C Science fiction often depicts the as a where cars are used freely .

S Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .

C Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .

S Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .

C Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , and teenagers will need public transportation .

S This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .

C This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .

S In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .

C In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next

S The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .

C The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .

S According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.

C According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.

S These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .

C These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .

S Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .

C Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .

S Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .

C Moreover , in the first three countries , earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .

S In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .

C In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .

S In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .

C In conclusion can say that , the standpoint of and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .

