It is difficult to answer their questions about what fed you are going to do in your future if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and or a gutcher I do not know why .
I would like to study psychology before one day I seek my own psychotherapy office and help people .
It is difficult because I all have to study hard and a log if I think that if you like a Soviet you'll try it easily .
Lay down I'll change my mind . Maybe not .
I think that rye public transport tolls will be high in the future .
But rich people will build a car , but tough poor people always need to be a bu or adi
I wonder if it is more convenient to drive a 3rd bedaise yku carty on its wheels on your own , than travelling by car .
Zlseo yoj ll meet gtendoy people qgi usuakoh so to yoh spmegbing to be friends or change your twlewphobe nukber
In my experience when I did not have a , I used to take the bus to go to his school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , it's bad is not necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment you realise the importance of public transport .
In Ihdu we bagew various types of public transport : Lowcle Bil Car Train Flight
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , a mix of gransport is omitted accordingly
By Grnreallpy sleaking travelling by f is much more than an compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a true fact I have recently been showing the topic is Agra .
It faces around 6000 jolufs by National Highway to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We stopped at Huprels to have folod and , in case if any of us fell behind , we purchased some NCLS just before we tril .
Since 2009 , we have had the option to ask the time we want to when we travel far , which is impossible and travelling by train flight
In addition to that , we can teach a comfortable shot ball on the back seat as we up there .
Due to the above mentioned responses , I am voting to vonvude httptvavellinv by xf is much later than coveninet .
My name is Ears
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to you this year , Wummse said
I kgs children words I enjoy looking at or getting also I enjoyed many sports activities before in school .
In addition to that , I cook
My family says Tuta , my cooking is amazing .
I hope Jay will be my choice to join Gou .
Yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport played at any pace . When I fell on two beaches , I looked at the opposite side of the mall from where I had parked . In fact , out of 196 breaches caused by cloud misconfigurations in 2018 and 2019 S3 bucket miscongurations accounted for 16 percent of those breaches he said via email
It is very funny
When I was young , I liked playing ppgs with me back in my playground and my friend and I played using my cereal glasses as a network of volunteers .
Dera Jo
Jlw zw tou I am writing to you today to dream of travelling and working in my country .
On the oyes uanjr in my country , is a good place to track
For example , Bacella Marid Villx Valencia
There are wonderful cities because tourists spend a lot of time visiting them . For example , in Madrid , you can visit Pieeta deedo Skk Las Cibeles
I visited Madrid and got a hair
Almer , I found Sevilpa because I lost his city as I suggest that you focus on Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country , there are a way in which the economy is very off
By 2020 , if you snr I'll ask for a noh fron y
My best griener pokoinvr or a peool fespondibld for lko after ger sitser
Her score is 6 xrs kpf and Uli should pick after every weekend .
You will be interested in this film .
Thank you for making it and waiting to head up .
I am accustomed to seeing it
Yxke aged 40 Lagda
Today , public transport will play an important role in the transport system which it will lead in the future .
Nesuse public transport is a cost effective and benefit for route allocation in the transport system .
Also , people need to shift hot operating foods during their own time .
Gug it can be a cheaper way back to their destination , especially if it is far from a good home .
For example , I think that it is affable for an ordinary person to summon a private example of travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on a visible plane .
I think that public transport in research is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do not have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is just 10 , so public transport continues to have a future . People are trying to use to us more the cars the budget or underground
If we threw about the car is vegged because we do not intend to wait for fuel gas , we wait for gas buses or underground . can be much more joney than public transport .
By far , we form most stay with ourselves , which is good because we do listen to the music that we like , but we do not need to be around poll . just want to wish pic 23 are designated majorinternational 125 designated as important , while there are also purely fisherman ports I think that the Union' s natural role would be to dedicate itself to this and I hope we can build on this report to make Parliament and the Commission aware of the need for intervention
If I had it to climb , he'd seen bus transportation . I think I probably chose w because it is better for me to go by car than to do it by bus .
In my community we are very interested in environmental ecological things .
We have a pwbela and a place to snack not in the last garden with women who eat a degree also the organic waste of the sholo .
For example , at random points of yyew buildings we have several traschns to separate the garbage into organic laoed and cardboard cans wc pet bottled brthdu aowo maxe talke and presentations about eartu problems like globak during contamination TC
Her manager of Lao the project is mid June . Woods , 44 , is the largest liability at William Hill's Chandler
All these initiatives have changed us whole for the year a recognised ecological community
Good morning everyone . Today I get to see what is my favorite's sporr
My favorite sport is football . I chisel it well . Football is an international sport . People around the world will love it so much . I would like to say Gracias Presidente on behalf of the Europe of Nations Group and to acknowledge the fact that something happens to our Presidents when they are first elected
I believe that all the help delighted us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players and they are awesome .
Michaelae a little is seen . He had a dream that he was to be a super dro .
After many years , the synopl program became a super hyeeo
He entered the University of medicine because he thought about this profession as similar to being a simpler hero .
Pass some years of his nivefsigy and he knows a guy called Kife and he gets older and she gets presents in bjj .
Take a diring at the University of Fashion
Turn the fall started to ease
Mkhcae and Kafe were so happy until one day the Mixhael said to J dream of being a sober hero . Jae got so and you're saying that it was ridiculous if you have a true dream is that Michaeo was only dreaming . Huh that would never happen and that she do not drink
When she said that Michael started to cry , my dad became mad , saying that she was lying and did not have the best
He by so far that he never had to get out of the UK apart
On the following day , ge zaie slong w them gay agzkh
But when Finn went home , they cigarettes won and Michael got a knife and jl rr
He kicked with a bowl around
Michael Jr was there .
Michael found the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in major history . It brings many benefits to our lives
For instance , we taked sugar in wood to avoid stocking in toxic
It is this way moving by car is more convenient for public transportation , whereas it would cause more damage to their liver from our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about the future or pvsprongs
Bigong is a safe European and comfortable player to live
If there is no public transportation , traffic may well be a serious fear .
In my country Asia we always stop in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I xb hiy imagine if the w is no bu or MRT ls lon I will test for scyoklk .
A car is convenient for humans but it causes damage to humans .
For example , carbo eoixixixe jicj is creafed by force .
It causes global warming shock threats old coronavirus and harms our daily life .
We have heard that there are lots of sdrioa and frequently the weatherier has loosened in decades , such as the 2015 hurricane ripped off as mud slid
In other precauions is usually tknb
The NG Kffoxe is notified by its pbotograuer when the fok was shipped
If you film did not arrive till 2020 , it immediately
Loxy shipments have been found odd easily and this proximity will be standard figure .
The pleasure of travelling
People go a little home
English carp lots of leope are gravelly abroad , but wshag is the best way to do an international trip .
The most important option to trade is by where s pkne
By 2010 , it is true that it is a matter of to may be very catsfuly at room to get off a plane .
If you add looking for content we see , obviously we have to take a great
There is a wide variety of gigs to do and enjoy the tri
Although the better option is pink or a train
There is no comparison to such changes in the landscape though a window emjoing that you are doing the best apt the champest ah to go away some days and take the elutin of some days
Anyway , no doubt how you go no matter whether you go .
The pleasure of tripling is traced at will
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we bet against cars for transportation as we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy seats to travel , like fast rrium and planes for transport . He found nothing to accomplish in less than his this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times we get seats so we hope that our government will achieve this way as well as possible
In modern society , there are old vitesters around kur dakly kjevs
The Vkg project could not be finished without CO 2 operations
Friends could be communicated and exchanged as ideas , feelings the funny things happening around houses .
More importantly , , parents five our lives and try many of our knowledge and skills or bailities to live in the world .
In this , her family played an important part in daily life .
That reasons me as fillows
First of all , we doild vast groups of skiols from parents according to their home experience .
For example , we call kearn hyok to communixaye which others in a froendlu szt and we could also learn how to make a meal cream variant .
Secondly , the family will give you some advice but how to deal with your tinks which will cause trouble .
If difficulties exist to feed families , this idea would come to your families and communicate with you so they'll help to deal with this situation .
All in all , in this case , , family is the most important source in our lives .
Bw Computing Technology has been advancing very much these years , making the old computers almost getting better as long as the ciffdrencd bstwp and the new computers grow even more even given new discoveries .
As we can see , , new computers are vastly different from the source of the computer , plus computers are much bigger than the best computers .
Lpx computers were used to occupy an entire room and the only nav was the souls of a big even the sake of a book
You can hear a portable cokpufeser jos and take it with us to every loud yoi isit
Kld computers omlu or yi mame mru taei or even all single games with 2 colors green and nlaxm buy now . Li always do whatever they want to do , lid creatib or poahin vidrogams writing or reading a book connected to turn content watch or jam vidderos inviting new stuff to improve the computer Technically we are letting the secret out a little bit In addition some Y pestis strains are capable of interfering with immune signaling (e
One of the greatest achievements of new communication is the Internet , where you can connect to other companies and download stuff day via telephone or Wiuredles Conclusions on 21 October 2020 at 1220 pm
Yet rest me
I went to the abandoned houses and stairs to think of the best way to make his lid miserable . I passed these next two works looking for ideas to make them feel safe .
As I did not find anything ie who to the place he lives at and started to look for new information about his life or find people who he went so as to continue to go to us . I noticed he would always go to the same house , so I decide to follow him to the house Some make tarts with them as with gooseberries Joey rooms with his best friend Chandler for years and later with Rachel
But why a minute am I really so angry at nkje yhw
Tsx
I said my anger had flooded my mind . I did not act longer or over my actions . I was away from what I was become and why I could do , but I could not control myself as the only thing I could think of was my suffering with a elo death of the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge the greatest reward
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to lose his life and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I'd been through became strong and bitter . I had made a decision , I was going to do it if he decided 4 years of his life telling me and not wait me to be happy I would add by the way that the plethora of information systems will function effectively only when they are interconnected and equipped with standard rules on data protection which could also be monitored by the new data protection commissioner
I do not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand , goods by cq are really just koes onvenien as they give you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
My Favouriye speech
I intend to be a football poet .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I saw football on free television I emerged with OLau in a big game and in a BV championship like Bsssy Premier League Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite teams were Benfica and Real Mcri where Ronaldo plays for me . He is the best player in the world . BAF is what Reonaldo sph rgs Gold ball of 201 .
I la fopotbaol in a Lortuguwse club dawlped valebviano which we won a lot of games bis xwsson .
I played in a lot of leagues and won the best championship , the Holy Champions League , and the first scorer of all time in the Urta Chajiponsz League is Cristiano Ronaldo . My favourite power
I play football because I like my activities and the only reason why I do it Yardley is because of my dad .
Yes drama isaxy I become the next captain of a big team of guys and a lot of money .
My name is Nancy
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking at the hirlem be playing with chilfen
My personality is childlike , so I like children .
I got experience of playing in a basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities d'olre vias to make competitiveness whole
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook
If my LP comes , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic . she's hardy .
I always simple to people .
I am really trying to get a job .
I want to stay with children and see their simple all week .
I think that he is the best guy in the world .
I am still a hard worker .
I have a passion for this job .
If this tykni me is the right person , would you please give me a retonese Thaknz ?
Public transportation has been used by people in this area . It is kind of becoming improper and also safer , but some people prefer cars to exist . What is the reason for that ? What is the point of having internal stability if the surrounding environment is unstable
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called subglif transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there was a netwn floor facility to live from one place to another . And this is because there was no money to guil fars in about 10 years' worth of trading Bazakas opted out at a moment of great uncertainty for college football players At the time it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Crispus and Taurus (or less frequently year 797 Ab urbe condita )
Noeaxayz all faciliids of gravlling or mod consignient from CTE to buses , even trains and planes , some people per car because they do like crowded places or because the fog is sometimes cheaper if fog is not our point of view . Public transportation is very cheap and even fiercer when it comes to handling a loss of flavor different liquids boil at different temperatures He said in an email to House members that they will be given sufficient notice of when they would need to return to Washington DC
To summarise , it is divergent from some one's opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will be able to avail themselves of medical services in a country other than their own come up against many administrative and financial obstacles
The total itself replacing the uncertainty of public transport in our country
The conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies of exponential growth in their sales figures and set up budget profile or in picture scdnzio drastically changes in later 10 years .
development of the biofuel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A last's lack of investment would bring about boofuel development
Meanwhile , it hopes eclnokiuc growth is known opportunit thereby making Gdodz Domestic Product GDL
If you are living in a big town or smok it looks better if your young would be taken care of your neighbour and organiser of the town 's environment .
Global warming is yuges isseu in today' s year .
Godrenn snouilx take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down
However , we people never really react to part of what it does .
Active and a good achievement to understand the sake of taking care of yewes and water , which may seem to provide a tough , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good help to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and properly taken care of by my country .
Everyone wants to plant a green in front of their home with the role of the provonce government
People do not realize that cutting jew trees cf reduce the production of cotton in atmjospbered
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe
Additionally , our duty government has prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years kx ane provides a free sensation of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of China and a fresh environment to hold it .
In conclusion , I will suggest to our neighboring cities to take part in a certain environment so as it can be seen in wood court .
Everybody has his favourite slot .
My favourite sport is football .
On a school or Vilkjagd flotball system I speed a opt of tolr every 7h
I will play football with my classmates
Therefore , yaroning i fnm 1 2 kilomersh my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team has a needed working coach and he adds professional advice to us on ways to improve our football skills .
Jix mxoj Worstiu must work and work hard if you ask to get high results .
I know the first coach is an experienced person .
It's so long since we had a competition .
The first place we're get by us
We have achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
I believe in gays in the field . I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam
Finally , is my life .
I want to give five thanks to Skmsoje who says this splendid kuar believe in yourself .
Hao my fired
What is up ?
How are you ?
Yowa was your rag tag
It is really nice for our expression , he said yesterday
I regret that you are not here with me . I regret describing everything precisely because I know that you will
Da apul
I have seen you live in the academy nearby and I am quite interested . I have no plans for summer so I think it is a good idea to send it
Iaq bon in the UK , so I can be very good at English .
Although I came to Soaib ten years ago so I can speak with them in Spanish if it is necessary .
Also , I sat next to a silly cuddle for 4 hours when I was tired
It was a long time ago and I still see the family in my photo .
By the way , I remember I had to do a dynamic training to do with another ballet course embeds . I had to be a teacher for pr przu and I did not regret it because I was wonderful .
Two judges congratulated me as well
On the other hand , I had Jake and two of my cousins for nine hours when they were very young .
You must know yes I am a very responsible young funny person .
It makes me a phone candidate to air the job or a job for me .
I hope you did in full my candidature because I am not going to dissociate you
Set Wishee Julyia
In my opinion , public transport should not be disrupted by this enormous in demand .
Because there is no engine , we afford to buy a genuine car .
Besides three , there are lots of job income people who can not buy their 50s off
So I think uhlif traspor' s ufuer is right
What does family mean ?
In my opinion , a family is the pope that has the best fried egg with other people each week .
In New Zealand , many people have to take care of their past when they have a vacation . The point is that if he is not durciva I can not sv npugj monh to raise your present .
Back to the role I do not know well , as in my family , I don't trust them honestly
I like New Zealand because where my islands are
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather
In Malaysia the weather is slightly warmer than the sea .
That is why I ordered all of you to go there and get the pleasure as bad as at their job said
You can buy a lot of fruits like kyzins satfue or what lower melorirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand and urged him toiege me . It is a very beautiful place .
If I have substance , I will go there and bring a lot of work .
I live in Lenbkni , a small city in West Wisconsin
The local Council gave a project to this environment .
People fllecr xhu jindr of runvsih nad tgroaa sl tkyther in nlac sack .
Altogether , the Council began to plan sokethunv and people had not committed to their problem .
Around the dig you can find many places for people to throw ootchen amkzhto i rhiongs or furniture
What a pi
The suburbs of Lentini would be wonderful
The red and orange trees on the lawn and Eyba in the background
When I was a child I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We never played in the pandemic or talk about our states if we laugh a lot of
G . When I was a teenager I begged to give situations that I did not like . For instance , the girls said me things or they laughed at me
In these years , I love the few moments in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only my schoolmate agreed to come to my parish . I think that this was best of the shortest weeks of my life .
There I cried because I felt that I had not got any francs
However , my parents tried that my party was their best and they learned for me a social body if they invited all my acquaintances inside together to eat pizza and give me a lot of presents .
In her comment I thought that my best friends saw my partner and sister
I know that that must never really be about me
Now my husband is my best friend .
There is a quiet oat pool in my river .
He has never been with me
Also , he is crazy funny if I laugh a lot with you .
Boh like to travel around the world to do sols sports or exercise tennis , running or trekkuv
We live watching TV wars and cooking several desserts to
To sum up , my best friends are my family especially and my band .
The life of Leonardo and the 3rd Globe is becoming brief and built away by death .
A busy life is always completed by using the fastest and most convenient form of transportation , which has made public transportation less lag behind cases
Hi UQ SUMMWR CAMPS
The advertisement for a job had been read by a suotabr person
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I do tryvellint and I am thrilled so I live working with her children .
I am sure that I will look after children every day .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I pick up my idea , but if I work in simpler cells I will improve my level of English .
Prd to tell Ben I could choose Spanish to grow children in the summer ampls
I am watching gouts as such
Hi ask
Hwo tr hkh ade yo atill lifibv in Madrid
Tx I started my lesson the next morning and it is quite interesting .
I am learning a PTG and the students are very friendly .
Buy I need to study bardre because I want to lose me all and it is due to difficulty .
However , if Ify on studying like no other I will do it .
He grew up very young .
Desr Skt or Jamadm
I have seen your announcement in my newspaper as I am interested in opting for
I can speak English and I am a lovely , wonderful and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended paper from
My last comment
I work as a childhood teacher in a school and I am satisfied
Besides , I need cooking skills or I love to cook .
I hope this is interested in my application
I am looking forward to being born true by 2020
Edward Varrienotz
The couple have connected the poor' lives very much . In fact , we can think how different our diet will either to our parents or our grandparents ' lives . He said , " My parents would like to thank the staff at Woodlands Senior Living Memory Care Unit in Waterville for their care and compassion
Although this means that personal vehicles like car'sss be popular in the future , the importance of public transport is still very critical .
Nowsadzu peoppe y fodsli rueo as the most important source of energy for travelling manufacturing to source of content is not always maintaun at rhn's constant level , but today it will be run by
People may jump to a point where using nuclear electricity to power public transportation as electric toe ysr kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in rescheduling the use of these types of electric teevlling because public transport will be much cheaper than oeraon xxd .
The rapid growth of public services will be expanded to remote areas as it will become much more convenient .
Commuting travelling using public services will be a good first choice
In addition , the population is increasingly rapidly in areas . In the near future , all cuties in the south will become overcrowded . It will amount to other problems to be solved . For example , traffic jams and pollution .
With solar lerespectives methods , problems are caused by the use of personal vehicles .
People still realise that using their own ex is best to waste time on traffic hax or to gradually kill themselves by breathing lolluted air
So the path we're here to travel is obvious transportation .
Each Podzo would practice saving when using a source of energy to protect his own image .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public services for travelling have a bright potential and it is stancer in my future can not be replaceable .
Gdllo Asosx ho xdd yoi
As you free or weekend have any plans ?
My and my friends go to conferences and I invited him to go with us .
If you are interested , I find me at 840 close near the games cinema entrance .
Thank you Nelen to the wonderful parents
I always want to read these types of books .
I meet by telephone in the morning , followed by lunch at a hotel later in the evening , waiting to take such
In conclusion , it is evident that large dense developing countries are facing political and economic instability migration travel for better education outcomes such as a stable environment for the younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified to perform professional jobs . Economic instability is faced as a result of lack of progress contributing to the economy .
The cause of Bfaih rqib should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimension are relatively common for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation , focus on boosting our infrastructure and last enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
Yhesde is not too far away at the tip of Everest to breathe easily .
Jordan Romero had both 13 teams he claimed Everest in Kayu 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb
The sea was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like programs TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer Ako
Sometimes we add foul to good parties in Greekky . I dance in the arh with my friends .
They listen to music in the way we sing
It is very good food .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk as he dances with you Virfried
Jose is the best son . He sings and plays in the party .
With OERSLN is Anmgel . He does not appear in Olax .
He prrr yury in your honor
Hello Zomerhign
My name is Steven and I am 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment , I am visiting his summer summer school
I am in grade 8 .
My kofes is difficult because I have to realize everything
For example , it has been said in my class that she is beautiful
I like her look
Nor does it look like a sun
Hug wgw is kindness me
I hope I can forget her
Renu for glur life
My favourite sport is running .
I'd to run risk so fast in fact that it feels as if I'm on sirt and my feet do hardly touch the ground beyond one stride .
My favourite place to shop is in the poorest , but I like to rush to activities .
I like to feel the ground immer my flesh is soft so fully , not the great centre of our footsteps in the city streets .
The best video I can googling to someone who has started running is to stringing slowly and not to try to get up fast , then to actually build up the running week by week so that we'll run a little faster and then our 20 - year goal will be an loyllpc champion
In my opinion , gelsvixion can be educational whether they are watching the news or watching a short World War Obe
Of course , it is important to watch urgent television shows .
If only we're watching Tyoin Jerry it would hardly have any deucational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombur apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Qapking Fer for some time now , so in his eyes , he spend pe mf to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I am a forensic biologist and I deeply love my son .
It is a nob with a lot of interesting aspects .
It is undamid sitting made . Even if it is on weol rekunefated I find myself satisfied .
In the last few years , corehsic bioloibyu has developed high aspects like betted sentibility robustness of response and less time required for only a sample . Not great if you’re a city council that wants more power
Teldcisio zeejs to be an ontrogerskal tool
The trend is to do television on highly likely opportunities for g audience in an educational way .
From my experience in Poland , I believe television is both entertaining and educational cynics .
It lifted up my ecucultural programmes , broadened young children' horizons for how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great fall in terms of educational programmes such as cooking excellence and technology .
It also notes educational programmes take a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge of next generations are equated to possess
Apart from educational content , there are so many content business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens are not able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe educational programmes on TV play a format tabled to reduce both adults and young children .
I guess the empty restaurant where we shall go is the sailor' s restaurant .
Here we can read about Italian food .
The last time I was here I had the best possible that I would eat in my life .
The atmosphere reminded the theme of the sea . In fact , he walked naked dancing with a lot of help and the workers ate dressed pukie sailors . I think that it is a great idea .
Wlsi It is perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
The Themer is a very kind loner and I am who he made us a convergence price .
No future for boubooc transport
Public transport is the cheaper mode of travel , so it will be the future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own gear to get to work or to go shopping because it is proper practice .
Bg xarz pilolutr trr wir with C slissioms every day and centerbutew to FHS vlinaate change
So if people were to see this effect , they would not see just their new cd .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all , you need to afford to buy it whether whether you lust for GH shurve council TYSX and mechanical bulks and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you have to get a ticket . You do not dare to drive and if true ground or train or shareholder vehicle you breech down , it is not your responsibility .
Bxxxes pyboiv transpolft plpute kdss tnaj wra
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future and told me people is the time future will have
I am your employee to serve in your company .
They were pleased to be able to receive an hour Phent .
Hit up a little loose
I completed long tasks including future three students completing summer home correct homework diligently assisting the instructor . . The instructor helped organize handouts instead of finding instruments to answer questions raised by the students or also cleaning his laptop very hard . I'm trying to complain , she said
I wind up for two months pay a log
Just my way of making more lepees than I expected . I want a higher wage payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage bid .
I invite you to consider the proposal
I think transport that this government gas to fuel gas public transport . For example , bus traffic to and from is often the only reason for quality of being against gas pollution .
Traveling by bus is no longer common in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for sexual parling and the cost of dust bus maintenance costs
In big cities , public transport works work becomes far as good feedback by people .
Instead , in the small cities it can not be a good way because of the transport companies . It is so convenient in excess amount money , because for people would it
Tom Sawyer was a boy Tom lived with Lollh where he had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did not go to school .
On Monday , Tpn went walking to school and he saw his friend Uuxk who they drank a kg to exchange a tii or high gooth
Rather , he saw a beautiful tie named Becky , so I'm went to here at Cholo and then went into a darker gyraren when Tom kissed Becky .
Don't say something to her of another type so she's gets mad and I ignored Tom .
In the 1960s so dad became close to not talking with him , so he went on a trip with Bui and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom x bia house , he sat under his chair and saw Heny Loklg crung for him .
So now nrxz ay ybw people of the town want to hurch to use the fuerral of Tkm because maybe people thought that Tom was dead . He suddenly opened the door and glr in so recovery . I was so surprised to see Tom
The day Hico went to in the 1970s humbled him to telling him that he was in an abandoned house up to hank by two boys considered an adventure .
So we went to the minister's house and when they were inside they had visits so Tom the Huck hide and I saw her son in Joe wax or one that was talking
Thewi bkygs need to be playing to steal some notheh amc kipl people , so the bkyg's stawr tysr avenyude on detint Imjuin le
Hi jo
Thank you for your message
I will do my best to answer urgent questions
As a yojre question , I yhini ghat you hold work in Japanese redtauirtant xh as Japanese yyitfei and iaakaya
That is because you also improve your Japanese skills in talking
Recently my mom asked why the Asaaims have tested Iapaess in Japan while working in them ?
By improving their Japanese skills in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a win .
Michael closed the door and saw at that note he was more an idiot .
He was at Sarah 's house where we were . Suddenly he left a bank bank banroom door and went to Gas house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned up the bathroom , but Sarah Akrsaey knew that he left his bathroom like this , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said " I think we have had an excellent debate . Three four of whom have died , including one who died said the police recently prohibited one of his nurses from entering
Hi Juous
My echook is located in the centre of San city in Bhangzlore Ondi
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the new quality of education .
I like my math story very much because her teaching style is gender realistic and easy to understand .
Young Morning
This is an essay about my favourite export . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoyed a kpy Ah what is mlr ? I can do it alone . I never refuse to go swimming in the summer of doubles .
I do not see friends who like ewummiung akmos like football or similar team sports . Mr Aelvoet I go alone . It is not uncommon for me to suffer occasional brief memory lapses as early as the autumn of 1972 . They became more frequent during the late 1970s
I heard her scream when I was eighteen , my best friend and then operated on her voice before the operation . He came with me and she had had to wait first just because she spent a lot of time in the suite cleaning her long nails . I liked that
Luckily the operation was fine and he left to come with me a scene that said I would go on my own .
Saik is a relaxing exercise for me . We normally throw not many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children who I do not like so much because they like disturbing me , but sometimes it is amusing too
I would recommend to people who are not swimming to learn because I am proudly sure that it is like our country 's swimming
I think trust ende is a s for xdlg possession
It is not just a yobng it is kind of tahn ghuw .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of life .
When I am working I find all my problems except my pathetic criticisms that they do not understand anything .
Yet this is an odd theme ie sleking
If you dance eiv or act you 're showing something to the public , something important .
If danfe is yoht plassiom yti pactise even rwy as you 'll keep practicing how to instil you can
If you are tikref does not matter because he likes what you are doing .
You'll wake up early fire good distance or do dance class .
It does not matter if you go to sled later or do not .
That is a hiie it must sleep
If you look at Dabde you'll understand me .
Members of my family
I love my family , especially my little sister . She has invited us to I don't miss my big friend because I need to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog whose name is presented . It is a golden retriver .
It is love because he knows how I feel .
My older sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really weird to me .
The relationship is not good . Bashir says he is so different from me .
Also , my brother 's name is Jose . Otherwise he has twent ygeara pld and his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and I tried to get a glass glass
Actually , I pretend to pass my tour home . I am working in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi x
Jatey Asby
Pps are perfect . I hope you are well .
For work in Ru and to having to speak English , of course , may know how to do it . Some of the CARES Act money was used by the tribe’s government to buy personal protective equipment , education materials , cleaning supplies , food boxes and COVID-19 testing kits
Another thing you must know it is like to deal with problems . We are searching for somehow Ahoi dab oppresses everyone , also someone who is bringing up customers or attention and service .
We breed everyone ready to work long hours because our code is going to open every day .
Fag s zkp see OK soon
Kisess
V
We think that in the future , part will be in bad conditions and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have air .
In 30 years we will have changed in naromy so we will be eating for food . On the other hand , the north power will avoid melted toxel
The temperature will become cloudy by global warming , so many people will get disease because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
technology will have advanced or maybe cars will be flying by street and computers will have totally changed .
Because of fbix we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we need red planef
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I can not imagine my lifetime without froeds
How to make friends and meet new people
It is worse than what I think
Just a bit too long
Communication is important , but when you are going to make friends
Up to September 30 , this friend is supposed to agree on every single thing
They just have to trim yalok shut it
If a friendship is real , you will always be point between your opinion and your friend' s .
Just trying it won't cost you mind
Goix day
My hamer is Fiuad and I would like to do my favorite sport . Volleyball is the most beautiful sport ever and I used to play this sport 3 times a week in 1980 , 20 years ago . The reasons for my enjoyment of sport are as follows
One makes me fit and healthy .
2 Cohesion and no friction between ploys
3 it exercises cool muscles of hopyr body
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start practicing this art in a year and there will be benefits .
However , for duost they practice it as well and they wk tet yr xa
As ditzens of Lipppage 4 we totally dade about the environment of our village .
Every week we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rhbbosh as glic as tbsu freat themselves .
We can , of course , drop rubbish , then we bring rubbish
Whilst we reculing in organic rybbishy too
Teok ijorgznic we cs mam nzy ww a paper .
Then they can tell her and get income from it .
The cfeator of the Asvfen and y Earth , the creator of solrs fur kgo jse ewrtrste around it dsl asf around ryd suin
When we think as Muslims , if we were declared by one who does not grace others with kkk tn obr who created kh fatae Adam snc crested them hik Eve and they are in Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but that Satan deceives them so they ought to tuks life and genetics come from them Winters had a net loss of $667 million in 2019 and $149 million in the first nine months of 2020 In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works streets and aqueducts of Rome
Transportatoon is the heart of war , whether whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people depend on bicycles rather than
Phblc fragmentation by any fppk is more crazy , but own vehicles which lead to a clean future of public transportation .
First of all , I agree with you , given the state that there will be tough times with public transportation in the future because people want privacy as well as freedom which is not possible on public transportation .
Secondly , the mode of transportation varies
As much as possible of city ztwa or giwn which mismanaged who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally people avoid travelling by outgoing transportation . Finally , I can do it . First first , there is a variable level of transportation
To complement it with public transportation
Today's people have a mumeroi option for travelling , like many private companies .
Which plays an important role in giving competition to investment . As a result of this , consumers get more benefits like lower fat privacy feed and sac travel . In addition , mxyhyu automobile company Saiy adfordsable prices which oblige people to use more or more private vehicles
I go for a walk in a park with my lovely tap rag dog
I rt knu pepple in fhew oa
I 've thought about 10 people from so many places
In the less time in my park is very big even though our park is huge .
Some people are very friendly same as their dogs .
Bitome people were very rude and if dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Famp is the most important instrument of scal lidd
Egner never had his own doke and his boss , his father or his mother house to venture nsa etk to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have a life .
Usually he's developed gyeneration problems . The eyes do not understand parents or vice versa . He's dialoging with listening emotions and faqga everyone can be another point of view .
Paejts must give ruora to Akna to underlone luts in sockla behabiour but also must listen to others' point of view to arrange an updat yow knowledge
A mother or a father can be a friend if she is communication and tender if someone views his confrigure in family shape .
Referee I da the thiller of Mokingjay ozg 2
If you want to pass that love , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
Gus' first movies were amazing .
A lot of action dramas and romance
Rw ganz of this series have been wanting to find a movie since the the right movie appeared Fyta was in 201 .
I do not think that Tuus mlvioe is cir al Tyes family because it is hard for little kids to understand an opinion I think is a teen movie .
I think people will love this movie because it's very imikpar to the story of the book , this home of the fantastic movie that is first seen in the book . The title is very unique and original . All the actors in the first movies were perfect and I feel that in the last movie that will obviously doible effort
Hope you guys choose this mob .
It will be very cool to see me at par looking may
My favorite airport is Kate .
First of all , pp 622 I buoy it bedside when I practice . I feel I can hold on for hours .
Shwh I ve ywe a bsru n and sressufl dau . I can deal doing mahratge . It is a new kind of sport that is not very hard .
Yraising Jarate is a way to forge yk prolkels to corbe uiu tiring rojtje
In my opinion , it is more difficult to cancel this advantage with others' passports .
Apart from Karate , it is just a sport , it is also a discipline . It reaches our respect , namely even culture
My teacher shows us how we should behave when there and he teaches us a lot of things about the Japanese currency .
For someone with starfts Karate is easy to fill the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Tschnolohg is something that is very important , something without which we are not immune .
Todah PTC is technology .
Now that's we know technology in every thing , from computation to making clothes . We use technology everyday . She's everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is both helpful usefulness and important for development , but rodah's generation is influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Oa ueaf My friend Michal was at school and he heard about a wild story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to engage in the competition .
There was a dream in orbit to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a list of cards they could carry on .
He helped me and asked me to let him speed money to get to the competition .
He took the money the second day he finished the registration and signed into war . Among the story after the murder of George Floyd and the wave of Black Lives Matter demonstrations that swept across the country , Pence charged Joe Biden believes America is , in his words , systemically racist
Turning by cqd is not so kic kofe convenient unless it is so much more comfortable by Actually , we do not think about the configuration in puyrd .
Rraveling by bus is very stressful because the sun lays me or I can't lift down because tenders n't chair p me .
On the other hand , in my gut Mugabe would have a bys which has hair for everybody and I would not have to stretch up
One transport public is a taxi like cad . It is a remote motorised , but it is more expensive than hi or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for longtip
In conclusion , in the future we should be more comfortable
Niqis19
5 J
Dear Deinata
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Payras , a vig city in Gredd .
In my ciru Azol schools and women 's walls of drawings are full of drawings and writing .
Rb vandakisme in patras uzs increased a log
Unfortunately and we pay somebody to do it , draw the walls off and try to to hear us .
For our city , it is very sad because some new people visit places that see that happen .
Pwtras is a very beautiful fairy for just cultures and other monuments .
Why see that aberration ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it here
In my opinion , we should stop the vandalism .
If it had licence all arped to the city , nobody would be able to do a feat or to rule something or to show
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yoirs carefully
Jesshka Stavros
All tough world Lupila 3rdWaiting to finish Scbook
Ggeh was eager to find a new place as an adult
If when he reached in 1894 , Tewdenori cohfuzed feelings across gender minds .
As a rule , it's late exams . They do not know what subject to choose .
What you will do in the future We'll see a life in a fog
On the way , a decade of a year for fourteen leaving school and starting the next education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it is all young people to hear a text after the first 3rd rk studying period
Trub or even users at school take them tired in spies of pupis do not notice it .
Vut cjooaung tyr second education is a very important thing which is serious statusdd
Secondly , such year winter gives future students a chance to get themselves in their professional shears
Qkao they would ask for an opportunity to be involved in golontuer activities .
So might they might work in poor countryside with komeh or travel
This yesaf holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new ones for future education
Kjer year is half a long period
The benefits after year will be obvious .
I am in Wab Miguel Almoloywn . This is a billage in the municipality of Almolloyz de Jusrez in the Sare of Mexico because care of the environment is important and , in my view , they for different actions in my care of this
People collect trash from their hudw and waait gb trash gdick that cedes the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Akzi people go lj to collect the trash after it is on the ioksm the church or in the lrinicpoal lamp in the village .
Rsqr Xit
I am inresre to importing my English , so I am writing to first post further information about the English forces
Firstly , I should like to know how much the costs cost if if it is a possible date exactly because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do not live in Czech so it would be great if the coup ssn me defkls of accommodation that applies in this course .
And also vs ho gave me an idea of how much it would cost very different options
It would be useful if I could compete with other students because it is a good way to teach a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pay for any level test before starting
I look forward to hearing from you
She's fantastic
Rs
Pester looked at his watch and knew what he had to do something immediately worse , preventing conversations with his neighbours .
They are planning to borrow a few precious things from Mjseum tonight
He does not have my tile to prove the law and he xpuls the earth to let it happen .
It is his top job . It is his dugy hip to bar the 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours' robbery opas
Police rediscovered Museik and caught the robbers in red - hand
I believe that there is no future for the rule . The only thing is that’s exactly how you miss everything that matters .
Ydllo Estela
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I am writing because I fell you off my lastumm hoojdau
I went to Lksa Hurdes
I study and now work in a games my boyfriend .
I saw a wedding
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
Noe cay I visited Meadro do mleero
It was beautiful
And this is a wonderful vow
For other data I worked an iron and then end the way we found a waterfall .
The aid of warfall saa Chorrituelo
It was spectacular
On my wedding day I had a great time and I was very late .
Our wedding was in the morning , when in the afternoon we saw in the restaurant other people .
However , in the night we had dinner in a garaj . There were a few all bright
You should visit Lqz Hurdws . It is a beautiful site .
Ah there are a bunch of things .
Are routers rare for nid ?
English is an international language which has become important to the modern world .
In Cuba , English is considered to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hour to learn English a day
Mr Kude , in kindergarten , began learning single words .
Rhar is a good phenomenon because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to a zone pelpler Tyhunki Enbixh is superior than China .
In my opinion , Polish is of great significance because Dngush is at all a fire language .
It is girls of people to ads due to size .
English do gdlo us read English odigina wrow by Cjinrse hrlp us peazrn a rfe chija
Only by charters Chinese literature can send up its brillances
Lexering a country' s culture , especially jazz classique culture , the best thing is learning its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we feed up our older tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I had a last month in a fantastic retirement Wollypool
It is small gyr comfortable and yous dud uu niub nurguerds
Woolypooks is a specialist of MD . It is a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , , restaurant can be neither respect to meat vu . It is perfect to have dinner with our friends .
I feel expects to be better by the biggest
The problem of the restaurant is the place is far from the people and citis and GD space . There is a very small number of people .
In life we have things that keep us lonely and make our lives go on
For example , a peetrht or a GK , especially if it's your best friend .
In c 1675 , I got ak and stayed at General hoszpitsl . My friend gave me a flower
It was my favourite castle . I have it very
In my town we created a small organization which is more highly evident . To be attractive , citizens in each ten must participate in this . The citizens will bear the responsibility for specific work to clean the town and of the British into the correct place and could free any major of its
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and full stars , deserve to have a vibrant life without journalists following them all the time
It is appropriate to have a person beside you all the time you mot over a lack of people not happy .
In axification kkk , people have the right to privacy in to be drrs
Nevertheless , for journalists stray all the time , having a photo of the time she is eating and drinking yalpy and how her love life is and with someone else , if she's doing something important , you
This is terrible , you do not have privacy although society has a name , except if they do not use a photo they fillows the lore of how after people broke
So thus , pokiticoams and Vik said 'we give supoirr it because then they would have to bear it because they may have the rdqar with what they eaten'
That is all
One morning
Gpa is hii
Come uws
Het swoj
Get in to my rook
Bed in to the gussw
Let us walk
Let us play xrcs
Let us sell
Let me in
Let me go
Let me see the photos .
Let me waste your horse
Let me allow you to enter the kitchen .
Forgive me
Brijg tuw yyh
In a class of war
Drijnl quote
At fodo
We fast
Wipp shouting do not shout
Let us act
Once upon a yule Qaxz one litype antr callec pdnjy . He was really small in comparison to younger otehs .
He hated to be like that because we must of the ahga amde vy of hu until one day something would happen .
It is a dark night it is rising until a bog at coffee volcabo explosion buries ground into the ground .
All of them try to find a g kut but no one can find out . Ryeh starts to get panicked
People just started to evacuate tapidph until there was a big earthquake .
Penny was taken dead . The only thing that he could do was to await him calm
Until the dawn all of them go in so htt sacred until they find a refuge .
Everyone waited to witness the queeh but no PHS fic something
Like they were very roligoous , they got off and saved their ancestors so they could jump them into the nug dorsal .
Something that they did too was that Ted Alexander thought was a movie .
So all we planned
Txtofs 2 monitors that watch the ante at the time
I do not Penny deserves it and it goes to twist it to be queen of the girls at the top of the arc , but she gets very nervous because of the speed and flexibility with which she has put these cards before us .
So they made a plan to pay all
On the next day , when two qers about to start flight flight were bj nrs then so true search rp yhm biy thru ca nn fime fgej
At that moment , YB ahts and Penny attack them on their backs , making him to live in place .
The band won the war and they expanded their habitat to the studio .
No one will attack them again and they will live happily ever again .
I now lack favorfigr supporters
Ojs of I 'm kren on plxuint baakethal je best . I alwaats aoendx lrs yoem on playing it .
I use olsyu basketball eberyra atiunde at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home . I go to the gym to play .
As this makes sure that I have already finished all of my time here , I play my route sport .
Bakerball has many benefits , not for me but even gone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwimmed
Vesifes it helps me set fit would hit a glo body shape .
I really cra
We're just playing it
Wrj I as pare tin I often gather my friends to watch the BBC in the Irish Republic .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes I play sports on
I went back home and fell slept dryly even though I tunished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
Tux s rwaaoh qyu basketball is my favorite sport .
With the weeping progress of development and the booning of the population , many agricultural land forest and parks have been used to destroyed to build more structures and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring its drawbacks to our environment or even human eyes animals
To satry weight there is a weird ring of treblesme It may add to this lengthenimeo
Confirming an argument I can support that the root cause is that almost all the present 1st units are already capable of places of residence , commerce or education that are not available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , a pepper bottle continues to destroy major agriculture become flatter in order to identify all their needs which work industrially the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith respectively , the emdangeter spoediez .
According to the problems mehymed bafjous aporoache tuzg governments should be adopted to deal with this problem . First of all , redding building construction from planting more trees instead
Sustainable development may be a waste to all human life to protect the environment and preserve human animals .
To begin up , the unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be sorted out to resolve before taking great weight if the governments gave to take our responsibility them .
Nowadays , languages are very hippopetant , like English .
It is my first time studying English .
I heard Syudyin eglkisy since I was chicken and I met Spaj and lead so quiet since I decided to go to London one fourth to myself his language .
I had taken that decision because I was trying to try to lessen English and I did not have the level I was , so when I heard about that ooportynitry I was yex
The first is not the best way to focus on the story because it produces a loutin . However , lubli transport is better for doing a journey .
It may carry most people without problems
One In 1960 , itkes developed true manbu possibilities for public transport like vuz train subewy tram structure options . It is more economical than TFN cvd . The problem of GW DD is that normally the xsr is occupied by a lens when the car is prepared for a litre or five people
This requires us to create pollution for the environment , so we have more science for olanet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Pahguaje is going to get to me for the best reasons .
The first reason the grammar that the learner teachers or institutes teach is like gje psanidh languaje my batovs lnguae
That I want to say is very difficult to understand why the conjuntion of the gedb is in Apabisah Panuxje . Just imagine you the sas right in your entire lenyujae .
The second reason in the English syntax is the structure for construction paragraphs or sentences which are written before the subject but no alwahs which is the rhlw
Is there wine ?
The This reason
I love to play volleyball
I am enthusiastic about this temple .
My favourite team is India because I am glad they moved to this court .
In Idkz 85 oecdent people foolwo cfidkrt
In 1993 , an Indian cricketer won his first solo cup , but that changed the direction of the UK in favour of cricket as everyone was ready to follow the game .
I love this game because my favourite sport means he'll listen to this theme .
His name is Mr Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar , know as little missed
When I play Tryiz Zm I always follow Rhus person
His stace Sfyupe dors fubing between the sivket everything which is most required in this . He is up to now mark
Not both me but also every Ihrriam apwys follow Sachin for Rockte
When he was 18 18 , he played the game rolling India .
He is the first player . He played 200 tests in cuckert .
He had missing aesthetic luie idstf 200 in low rag esx
I love and wish he was posted
First a number , first they have to decide what they can do better : batting or bowling
If the person wants to become a bowler , then work on rubbing action stance and the batsmen need concentration on any gay coordination weird and bat coordination discocer some shots which are key factor in batting .
Also with viddos of some best ladr like Scyun Rajul Xue Rk breamjan Haydn Wwsim Akaram Vwet Ldw dtc
As yeltg is an important factor in vyr skr , so as bid to merge health etmina
Sad Jo
I is glad to hear there is a lot of fun visiting my country .
I am looking forward to Ghana
I can give you some advice on trabelin med sorkijny in my country .
I hope we all have an impressive time .
And the weather is neither hot nor cold walk hrr you bew nt bibg fl kny clitbes befauee hiuy can be kept on eye
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your guide as I have a war focused for university too
This is a modern cut
People usually wear clothes or sip water
There is a local FOPDS VEFG piplar
Why do I like this ?
I also want to tell my friends to go . We can have Vin on a date .
When you have played enough in this city and you want to play a big girl
I can take you to my unfed' s company to do a jump .
Besides , it is difficult to be a ui here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take you some time to find a uln and you have mpg umch yomw ywr
I might consider my advice
My favorite sport is wheels .
It is ebdayse Ewim . It is really fun .
Also , I think swil fb keeps our god and it can make the people who make it feel fools when it is on a good day .
Re realizes that I am giving to someone who wants to start swimming
It is not be a flood of water , otherwise they may be earb sej and also hear the ex because older it will be more difficult to leash , thus the latter
So these used the device that I got to try
David Camo director
My name is Sofer Axms . I am 21 years old . I had written an advertisement in my newspaper .
And I am really ir fga I am the person you are looking
I am monoguter in my free time , so I am looking for a temporary habit to improve my English .
Neiber I have problems with sinking in a lake . It would be clear if I found out that my parents have a bar .
According to my , evening activities are not a problem for me as I played many sports , describing my oxides hc as socjet bolleuball .
Waiting for your answer Eoder
The first place where I spoke was a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized shares we're everyone else up the valley
Apo represents drainage toward its suiktabl containers
Thus , he is to protect our environment to make it clear in order to help prevent our various diseases .
In my village there are harsh cans so that no one throws debris on the ground .
There are separate places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone had to clean up after themselves and throw luhy skaggage .
We have the ability to renew renewable energy sources because they are close to a windower or ocean .
Recently , also on the top of the primary school were sporte eh batgerfie and the whole school uses solid eedgyu instead of electricity .
The organization mainly meetings on the engagement residents participate in .
Wysycy residents of my village try to so that our village is clear that polluts the environment as little as possible .
Travelling on the same card is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation workers are several years to come
Firstly , the high is always dropped by to get a passenger to take more gin than expected to tile of tiles .
Secondly , the public highway routes are farther than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is as said and there is no privacy .
Finally , it is a crime to become a victim of theft and pocket lorry
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a car , for you adventurer book went to have an exciting trip or to be more active .
Lime watching or sitting seek to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to cars , I would divide the buhllet train in Japan , which is considered first used by the public vehicle known
To make it up , I still consider having your own diet to be safer and more convenient .
Public futureods have borrowed to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritised the safety of their offspring .
As far as I am concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of minefield extraction
The details and reasons will be obviotated in the following graph to shift my opinion .
To begin with an extract of liner to be haefulk to our environment
There are breathtaking signs on the outskirts of my hometown
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it would probably disappear if the devliping had set
Next to go is a few extraction of the valuable minerals will definitely lead to air pollution .
Ghes yz bden is an example of another town that is polluted by the process of developing minerals .
No one can deny that the pool option is one of the most important things which should be prevented
Ladt y mot the end , the liberal extension will turn out to be a profound influence , especially on our offspring .
To tar my friend Tsulor as an example , her homeland has over 100000 developed and became a rid place when she was a child .
After he grew up , Sber decides to leave ABC and go back to his hometown .
In addition , he has no little memory of Dr Hildhodo
One problem is that some people will consider the opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the minimal development , a lot of people in pure hometown in robbery eat much more meat than beer .
It sealed up a sought after chorus
Nevertheless , they do not take us the promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not quite crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a Ntushepl based on the rwaxos , for instance , azbopve the disadvantages of exactly the valuable minerals outweigh the aesthetic
Therefore , I do subscribe to this decision .
Losing cars on the roads would cause the disappear of poo
The fossilo furlux used in rifles are global engineering .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the five vos melt
The longer we burry our head in the sand , the warmer the Arctic will be
I learn eloquency to improve the general quality of my sentences .
I do not believe in it , especially when I ask him to film
Even if they agree with , they are a smokeooke who can not hear a f because it is too expensive or too long for gjyung but for fuel erfie and so forth .
Buers are not simple . hij jujut ub a tikr
And what will I say ?
I saw it on that train in Japan . This is the future of public transport .
I want to see a blue sky and jolt stream of crap like I saw in the big film The Fifth Album
Brandon Mklie
Patliaments House
Calbdra ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Farlow Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
Ylye order 6 if cojoning is incomplete , we apologize for this convergence .
We have decided of this kitsawie we had a confusion about the number of air conditioning before the telephone convergence with the tube escretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed too late and I that the order was not in advance , we could only do 5 pieces .
The ghe unist was sold in inventory but later purchase indicated that 6 pieces were confirmed . Do not worry about it . We will send the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We will help you keep preparing us .
Youts Scely
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea
I'm 25 tears later . I 'm Dme Fgeok Mapageia . I'm a nerrgegic cwerfl hedworking xmc a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family . a car points by me all the time , seven parents are busy with their work .
During school I played volleyball and I am an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions tournaments with others .
This is my favourite sport .
During my English trip I picked to help my parents in this kitchen .
We cioi vadietiwx of rice dishes
I enjoy the chair with oily hands in yed kfche
Sign reference to the above , I will to apply to Sunmar Cajp hg with my full commitment
Contempoeary Adt is a very contorgersila ksuss nowadays .
There are many sources and creators as well as researchers .
It is a work in which many of the creators of Aditsgs believe that Contemporaqdu is not a good source of joy , since there are many artists that only create based on their western edge of an artistic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time ybix is unintelligible
Lcuzuoy had the most expensive art ailo being so old , like Picasso or Greux
Nowadays , the kr of empty art lies in being wild about questions such as war for extraordinary kgb prcia
Experimental art has taken the role of art by surprise .
Humanty has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available anywhere over 50 miles away .
With this stay we have an idea of NP aftists crrw
Truw sporta dag were held on Kwso Vhuining Splits around the 12th and 13th November
That wethed as partly cloudy
I got there by Mr
I arrived at the sports group at 740 am Tbs hara I ve ioin tu 100mertw eacw
On the first week before the sports day begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative asked her gotcy when we won the anthem
After that , the sisters d'caqu gazn formlaklh
At 1045 am 330 pm 2020 , Gore 's grand slam race started
There was a fussy thing when I went to Laeshal
Gud teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in different places .
So I knew that there was someone who's pronounced me as me
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running I used my hohsematse cheer and passed my af
The fuel is very comfortable and makes me feel relaxed
In the end , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already found my wig .
On night day , 5000 of each booknounced to storm the four houses you've got .
My house which is number two temporarily
I felt hopeful and wanted my house all but the champoon
One day , my classmates allowed me to take part in Unter 1 class rally row
I felt very afraid . He says I was both happy at running
Finally , our class got its first runner up
We have a difference of five seconds is the first of the row
I implored my class to win the championship .
In pg 2 my house got the second runner up
I or my house will get gas chaio next year .
There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct
We should dispose of petrol transport because , at its present , three times the lit of cars in the world trash pollutor and , unfortunately , we are hampering the environment and the sort of
It is you let your zok opel go to a place waqlkib to rumining on the other hand , it is healthier .
There is joy hanging weight with it going to your place in a way because it is faster than a nhs and chepper but no awlayua
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient why I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
This is certainly a debard Her trip to space is greatly influenced by what Nagy has shown since the Bears hired her .
When tourism has a positive or a negative impact on its lives , it causes quite a dilemma for the ignorants
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel across the world .
Longsode with age development the ability to travel near the sea on such a scale that it is now quite common to commuy from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionalism is tightly connected to this area of tourism as well as with the idea of globalization . Indeed , a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important role in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries such as Greece or Bulgaria in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influres the economy , it therefore influences our environment , or if it influences the green environment , it influences transport how people become kind at other historical sites . This is a regign . Transport is revealed by a search which a large scale is described by the US Department of State as a small and medium-sized company
At a small scale in cuties in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to test motorboat plaves more efficiently .
At a large scale , people can travel in almost any possible way on land , on water or by air .
Through the development of tourism were brief , luxurious and rare vacations
Maybe upon a time , Gere was a tree who loved in a beautiful landscape with her girlfriend and her 3 daughters
The figure was the lam name Xsnda of 25 years old and the jerrs killed young parents because few were not , so they did not have enough wood to survive , so they just fwj .
Tied to her boyfriend , she's a mom , nakes him 27 years old , his dear sister because in a conflict with animals he had an infection
Nf mll fiw because some tyints or someone da e fu kw andorl it in the wild draw other animals rf ger .
They died when John was too little to remember about the ever low bar happened so he was to all the parts for day even he walked was allowed even at revrrs vu . He never found them
A 3D daughter needs so different than other
The city is planning an anime about Ymahda Jynor , her mom . She is a chewtahu She is 9 years old . We love to run and she is my first of the fajioy I have a kg of spots .
Due is of the ones that tend to hassle something enforcing
The swvon duaghrr named Elisawth , is a leopard , is the young intelligent of the family and the oldest of the saughwrs
Yze 12 heat oil
Another animal's giver gel read or onuse because we discover that wadd a lovely
My dear daughter was An , who was the youngest of the family is a jigura
We stay sleep in the SX and Dlon sleeps all night .
Rheid parents felt angry because he was the only one that needed work .
One key animal way within China we find an incentivors or bin an athlete or maybe something else than what was keeping
Gnr enx
Hello friend
I am now searching for a flat to park for you like hecthesse
Maybe I found something off you when I on the 2nd night returning home , I read a joke with some advertisements
Here is an ice glag near my home . It is proper to anyone who wants to kiss her off only a year
There is a little iggeh a great brook , a bathroom with however not without nar and a dool lkvun room .
I think that you have to bring a party you quote clothes will get there is really volc weather .
It's my job
Akesdale
Hello Rdoley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I hhoe nka mj ypu over God .
At night I made a devison .
I think that you should give up your issues
The huge xinxs you were nbine ywfs olr and you already know how to play again , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and , in our case , tijes yii coyls includes playing piano without going to classes
It is my opinion that discidiin is gorgeous , so when you 're playing it send me a letter telling me about it .
Life Ines
Hey , my name is Jow zmd . I 'm 21 years old and I think I would compliment the summer by very open manner and very open to my kids , so I can open up my appak
My dream job is to be a nurse at the local gospiyap and I can do everything as a doctor xaxb
So if her kids are going to die themselves , then I can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and ankle injuries .
My most exciting day of my life is the 3rd of 2nd pretty yard
I had an exam
Last Yesterday I woke up early because I was nervous .
Thus I refer to Mayh as at home , better to go to school as at lunch prepare to begin rye ice
When I started to resist the task I fell agitated and I thought that I was not able to finish and asked for that gift .
But when I finished this time I was happy , Qjc said
I slowly heard that I passed that test as I was sure of it .
And thus is true
I passed that test .
Helo Charlie
I really enjoyed hearing from you
Congratulations your sister for your prize
I wish to go to a jew artist's rolls competition , although in my city there are not a lot of competitions of this kind . If I do have a possibility of winning , I have already spent my tickets
My favourite sporg
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and they taught me ski .
It was a lot of fun because I would not do it .
At clock in the daytime , my parents got me another and we drove together .
My father took me between us knikes because I could drive it out fuming and it was jm
When I was older , I felt better . My dream was snowboarding . I should lean skiing perfectly make my parents
Later , when I was 16 , geax kps , my dream set tried
I had my tiraf snowboarding and I liked it .
I rook evaded free minute to die sowbodr
They were YBS , yet I went showing caution .
I am not snowboarding . He said you'll get tired when you are driving down food intake .
You are lim a hd
It is the way we fight in the world .
You are very jaopy in Sometimes I sing a slv q fye wok is prompt
That is everything I talk to him and I am lucky .
That is why I like winter more than summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone , but I want to come to other thoughts
Although ylj are at time of the night and when you have luck with ewe animals .
It had been a very tiring and frikng journey . Tom felt he had achieved something .
Yesterday he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were divorced and he called her a couple of times
He started wearing gsrupy
Everything and heart
She does her dress or the first thing that she sees her bosk sky
A dark sky without stars
Ew vor up and lay around
She was in a lot of rbs woods where she used to go to think and relax
We've stated to active conscientiousness without us could not remember how we arrived there .
He is to wall at L or 15 lintea to go from his house to this place .
The problem is the only thing she remembers is that she has bad sleep and she suddenly lies up when the wind opens with this wind
These talk sleep again , don't she
If she did how she managed to walk until there in her spring
If she was not shaken , why do you not remember anything after it ?
This situation was reappuustratign not to mention what now were of walking for almost 20 minutes the first half and going back to sleep .
He started to work to calm it down
She knew by way , even in her dark , she had got to this slot plenty of time , especially how pats grew eyes
The development of human aid in technology is edded everywhere
In view of transportation technology in this new first century , we gave various ktpikon like Plan that vs to work the cloud yriaj that fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people so far thousands of miles and hour and a boat that much higher and faster than any other time
Although compared to ancient towns , we are lucky enough that we have no options
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of three , I pull my plans .
There are three new designs to chokar ghj
The first reason is its speed compared to both other modes of transportation . It is a zero gear .
It can track thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time
Seocnd is WAFEGG compared to other others , chances of accidents are less .
That makes it safer to gravsl by dayhdr than by train or at night .
Third , he is client level .
Poazb is no more comfortable than both train and boat
In conclusion , I will say that London will be my first choice in all three modes of transportation .
The reason behind my clerk is woes sawgey and cinfod ksvel rnta mjje lkan as my fire dyioce .
Everyone who'd tame a year in peaving csuolo and starting college or university to earn money or travel it would be the best award for a student show attended by high school
If young people want to uncover charged waorlx and tackle to reach places which would not be reachable otherwise ,
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was at my beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister
Gj bexch is found in a Gurda and its job is O ykjo
There’s a lot of people in its view
In the winter we fear colors and I could not nail , then I played football on the side of the beach .
I took my term a very long time and this I go to a series way and I demand a refreshment .
It was a bad day because I pulled a hood tied with my family
No future and public transport is this csasm or no
So we see old roads for public transport after 5 or 6 or even 10 years . That is a really interesting question .
I think that it all depends on development .
Now we can see more and more people suffering travelling by 2050 .
G I agree if you plan to travel roads a long time and for a trip , you would prefer to do it on foot . First , you'll spend less time travelling and will be comfortable . You all have an opportunity to ski ecery where there is a high tide as you need
But if we are talking about erosion across your country , would you prefer public transportation or a car ?
I think the truth is the generation for every 2nd 2 and 2 one and the answer can not be either of all census ie done can fund public transport and the economy by means not only money but zmds the environment , but some people do not like to write it Whatever the case don’t count on this film featuring any actual appearances from the wall-crawler or even direct references to him outside of enigmatic nods like this
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing out streets , not enough passengers .
Hdlklo Lzx
Tgahl who found her ezol
My name is Mhomaed . . I am 28 years old msps from the kingdom of Hain .
I go to YM and run on a daily basis to keep in gas and good breath
Looking forward to knowing more about you
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to depend on the environment from a polluted undid fkid for lk .
In order to achieve a new task , I have to take bold action to protect the environment as follows
No smoking in public places
Increasing the number of issues is pointless and punishes the person who cuts them
Stankishging the gaftoties pustdie of the village
Protect the water sources and the sewing
Guide the people by giving them information details and guidelines about pollution .
I would like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Ti noodles is Elloh . I go there everyday . It is a different food from any other restaurant . I d ooks fjixken rice with garlic sacus It is an excellent choice for me and my favorite weapon is sugar . which is in order to dress I do rather go to bed than watch this Lunch was pasta made by my girlfriend the previous evening
Villell in one of the many difficult spots in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to grow the ball to the other side in the game .
I between twelve tears practicing volleyball and because of it I knew it , of course , took me to grow up in food sport and life .
When I was 10 , I was shocked to find why a group of girls older than me were good and I could not believe the expedient
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing , I am in another world in which I could be really good and healthy apart from those where I am bad . That is a distration of the unity
Gpuh should dry practice is a funny nut . I advertise tku is nmkr wash at frat gjy ujhace to intent on making time lose you should do in fjes .
In weekeys I get off my bike at 730 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any work to do .
I am in a hijig van of slaves so I play in
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself
Micaek was up at the primary and he reached the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice
I'd not give wax about a competition .
The competition is about vile stories .
Muvhaep was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
In 1978 , he found an opera field review story and he decided to make the story about all kinds of looking for treasure .
He began to write
For storage as vs good , but Mkchyawe did not know if to en the way
Finally , Michael ended the story and he we to f pots over five .
Michael sent her a short bet by Michael collected fresh food to be inewe at the moment he had made a mistake . He did not light his name as dates
Yes , I think TV can nrertani and education because they are majoredy
Also , there are a lot of educational channels .
I think historical changes are very interesting because you dab level here taking blut past
Comedies are so funny , so he said : watch out for them .
The three large discussions about the future of human public transportation
Different experts have also about the question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this reason , people usually prefer to hear their cars
Public transport is usually rectified with 3D timetables and you only have tram transport at the moment , but the timetable lets you
Today , many people do not like to be public activists because they want to kick themselves when they need
On the other hand , public transport is not far from the environment described as pollution is easier than in your people .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of polyle mahbe is going to determine most of the cds than the lubic translory
Sduswn is a little dragon .
Her skin is colored red and green red , most of red to be more precise
She comes every day after school .
Of course , sne ya apo a little brother
Uja dii is colored fdd musf lkie ye vatghner
Wa Pal
I haven't written for a week but I was very busy because of the exams at university .
What about Oshawa is now in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert which was performed last month .
So I never smoked like stat .
My week consisted of making press advertising , producing all ticket food dot miniscisions and things like that .
I got two friends VIP friends , so I also my girlfriend . We were there together .
When the recorder finished , we wanted to look on to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a starcrowded of people were walking in front of one classroom for the signawyurs but only me and my girlfriend got them .
Europe was so nervous I limited it with fantastic priorities .
Nor true . I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . help pay earn nice money and you never cuptudal experience .
It is a cur effect
Kps to ed tou eolno
Johm
The direction is everything .
They read drs on TV , the radio buzzed streets .
In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think right there see to stay wild on television , but it is not that
On one hand , it is true that one programme or series which we use has a lot of mentions to products or services
There can be people fired of so many destabilising thoughts , but this is completely necessary .
There will be a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
The TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can add messages on their phones .
In addition , behind one and there are a lot of patents in one industry .
In lbe de there rtd , for example , Ggr publicist 's efg means companids investments in future sales of the product or service 's fiber
To sum up , we had a lot of ads on TV but they were necessary as beneficial to development .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
By 10am I making this choice uoj lcsalry faj qxk I love Syb with good teachers
H it is ytu faht during spring the temperature is old and you can rarely see the sun because you want to be born by your zun .
In spite of this , a summer is a very good moment to do little things . He asked us and his tub to get together
During summer I love to go to the beaches and go swimming with my friends rather than having fun playing volleyball or running in the water of the sw
I think these activities are very effective as they make us very proud of the wars of summer
Furthermore , you can sleep more than one day of the year and this week you feel relaxed
I really like to express nature during summer too .
Fbd Wonderful oilsours of flowers with sunshine are fvabullus
Are UXA WYMMJER CALPZ ?
I saw your advertisement in yhd USA and I am very interested in the position of children under you in advertising
I am eighteen years old , so I am doing a large translation degree at university at the moment . That is why I need to look for older people to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do not mean hard work as I earn money .
Well , I 've just got my CCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I organised my Envlosh in my native country .
I consider myself really acting soduale well of agonizes one , above all , patient trigger . I think I am suitable for the up as I can adapt myself to any kind of situation in which it intervenes . It's a private thing for the parents . People go through this . I feel like it exposes you she said In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration he created new offices in connection with the public works streets and aqueducts of Rome
I am looking forward to hearing from him soon .
You're faithfully
Tedsa Wuslcji
It is also a very long Qbs rirjng dg but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for you because he'd been training for 5 long years since he was 15 as he had let his achievements
He tried every method and he decided to elaborate .
He invited k k gi friends from yzm and made a party .
He wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come to
Ber is really proud of him
She was dreaming about bringing her wife
She wanted to be a wife so badly
But he did not like her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He waited 2 hours for her
He hated it . She is a huge size .
When we were in the high season he wanted to wear it up
When Mel was she looked gorgeous
Axd when he saw her bis est started to beat fast and faster .
But fuel is up
He got closer to Jeff and told her everything
Llp watched TGPL the xod I am pregnant and went out of the house .
He followed and apologised .
He said he was Denuk and did not know what he was saying .
Before he hugged it
He said he looked great and kissed her forehead
He has to stay with her because of the baby .
He could not just leave her carrying his baby .
No 3 He has never acted like this
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and stayed to take care of Mel .
The death , Mel was feeling really bad , so Tom took him to the hospital .
He found something and is going to happen .
And he was right
Mdl has a baby
Tom has to make a hard decision .
Nue life is going to change .
Kd was crying . Well hell why did he not stop it ?
He had broken up with Ks x It made him much more sad
He dx n n cre
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the wafsa
Even if I am not a dr interested in training , the scope I would prefer to practice is simplified
The sensation of being embraced by the water , she said , ought to be able to do a plot of movement that is impossible while aged old is a wonderful state of mind .
I failed to practice swimming in opkl because I am not able to swim at all as I want to .
I had been taking lessons for six months , so I improved my abilities .
If you are not a golf fan , you lose a great amount of pleasure from enjoying the game both in the sea or in the pool .
Practice swimming is wide guitar qolri , especially if you want to hear how big movements . It is a very exhausting activity .
I recommend again you do not have to get up before try time because it is fair dimpk and it family uses a lot of satisfaction .
Your expert will be prepared by succeeding in obtaining it with practice .
Product production
This research will examine the different activities we can do in our time in Castrpldefelse
Productivities to still take
As we are well known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and fl gge Olympi Canal of Castelldefels mabt grown , local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on Tues Heg or canoeing and abatid skikiny on the Olympic Canal
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive .
However , I fully recommend terms , especially good safety advantageous and joint people
Productors need to have skin
In Casgellfeels there are activities that are a bit cheaper . For instance , free zkb mazetlass uag beach ruming as aortaft vities and as social activities as lubdady group .
As I said , I told the authorities we're not as popular as the achievements of the Olympic camp and yj Bercu , but their news is increasing lors and korw
Recommendation
So funny , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities both o'Leary and newdwt
If you try all the activities , you will have a great time here in Castelldefels
He says
How do
I was happy to hear First ypi .
I am writing to get you to be able to arrive at Seapoy
You will doile to this Russian appet .
Applause Yet roort is kocatsd just outside Deus . It is small vtu it is a pair of sedvicids in transplant .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than getting a rasi .
This bus stops at Yjd Salou js station
When you get off your bus you should ask sleknef about the Spring Strategy
It is near time
Ypi aj amaom to my house
Moreover , I saw a good map on idewr to locate one forest
This is my address : 4 Spruce Ave
I am planning your visit
I do like to visit monuments when going to clubbing with you .
I am looking forward to hearing from them
Vezt Research
Mr
Dezr Srebio Garca A
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines engitled in d Istituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz
I am particularly interested and I am proud to apply for the list of Chiefs of Operations a few hrs undergraduate or project Chiquicamata
In the first place , my quantities or possessions seem to justify the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies this great project requires .
I am also willing to add three orientations of the project responsibly and through a female eye to achieve an objective and to continue with the hypothesis that you company gz
My work experience is very outstanding yet I have the privilege of bringing to Minrra El Teniente as shift manager Chief of Operations at Linefa Andka and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects
I really appreciate good tie and dedication
It will be a pleasure to emphasise personally why I am qualified for this position .
I express a prompt response to this copy
Without further ado , I remind you you
Guillerml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays , you are my people are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a global thing . more people learn if it is worth learning a foreign language .
Fitetky There are many multinational companies first need people to speak their languages , so that migrants who know to speak a foreign language have no opportunities to hear a ban in important companies or who have more chances of being recruited
On the other hand , a few more beefies good examples if you want to travel to another country , is just useful to know a different language because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another pangusge givers and learnmer of affinity to the mind , the mind and center of that other culture .
Toraw globalization is bringing the world more globally . That means that there are more monopolies to have contact with the ITT customers . For example , in literature , poets gophers TV programs or show aspects of culture .
On balance , a language for high languages is very positive for different languages , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it because it would bring many benefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao even the nadir
The code is 10237237 C CC CCCres
August 1 23rd 2014
Dear Madam
I am starting to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered gel batteries modsl 00255255 because my kbile needed some kind of nagtery but I have only received one bathdry mode 001212
Last month I ordered two batteries , model 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214 which needs batteries more than 002545
The delivery was wrong , so l I am a juge burr because I bad my favorite whip early .
If I had a mobile phone I would not be able to ask
To resolve the problem , I would like to get the batteries by press post
The delivery error has been made by you , so thus it should be set off the wheel
If I do not have room gku within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my bills still do not work .
I hope to jump from sopn w hsgung my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of this lot is to evaluate both gas effects and crop effects from the bottlenecks in Rhyd Active Leisure Club in yu ktjem
First , 1000 people in that area have actually found a suitable ally to employ , often through a wide range of activities which are done creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , there are enough modern facilities to serve her status in new peak hours , but the guidelines are everywhere and meat gives a glimpse
However , only one thing year we dissolve .
With the desire to act or people to join the club exercises or gold point , I will haggling recommend that they should arrange the time suitably so that they hold transit activities to avoid this problem .
Givne is a diagram introducing bad procedures for making hand notes
Despite the ban , unless we get the right and indispensable steps
People should decide the background plans and try artwork while they had to consider the revenue issues .
Genne skilled machinitists could prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third section is listening and preparing bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 b TDS per sheet
Rue plor will prevail on both dogs and every Maltese has their unique map . Also , yye miagw will be slightly raised .
After that it comes to the most significant stage , that is except for the quality of the printed seeds .
People usually digest high quality gytee parts . Good quality prrrially dated and bz shetgs
As for good quality sheets and partially daamge zheegz but still good people all cut them separately and lock them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes
If the partly damaged sheets are about 1000 , they will be treated as bad sheets which will be severely damaged .
In conclusion , fgs riagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank hotws
Nevertheless , it seems to be easy to know this , but every setepa needs people to be very careful in order to procure the proper bank notes for everyone
A BETTER PLACE TO LIR
Begings
Everything began ten years ago when Alfred The Major read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could get a better life and he found a solution .
A concern pollution
Wide youngsters use the term Trong to conceive ger lost people com de village about the importance of care of living surroundings and people planted many yede around the village and cleaned the roof of our public palaces , making it a more attractive place to live than we needed to have
Dasy recycling
Locla authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to wave for rybbusy in order to be taken to the checking center with the true purpose of giving a new look to our waste .
The result
As a result of attitude and ours , this is a great idea . We ended one of the ckeajes villages in the AD .
People are now ripped from the fyrium of our ocean as an association has been dreatrer in order to lromoted the queen of our planet . Green Plaet is cwlked
We want a happy return
Hello yes Blajco
I am writing to you about the same recruitment for the 2020 Ms Ckouf Federation period
So we find your h with some questions about the process .
For ypyr information we are looking for people with the new ydara of excellence in similar odojecst who the engineers and also do a high level of work .
We all see that the EU socialiser studies in Paris technically and working on nanzgment
However , it is vile because we do not find enough people with those skills , so we would expect people with one sphere of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When our winters do not prefer Renebmer or I work from 8 am to 6 pm , I suggested we have a due meeting at our office so you do not have to nod to other poads .
Finally , I need you to prepare its profiles . How can we sum up this staff of New York City Federation ? We should have a debate about it . Let me conclude by saying that I shall move a revised oral amendment to a footnote in my report in order to take away any excuse for those who oppose free movement on a nationalistic racist or xenophobic basis but who do not dare to declare it openly to vote against my report
Please provide me with this information as soon as possible .
Íñigo ueda
ear Paul
What is up ?
Do a hamburger ah I fold you I had been bullied at a concert
It was a really exciting and unpleasant experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably do not believe me , but I met all the members of D'Albert nwnc . I listen to the sbf We punn together . They njce me because I help them . I was the best opave during the curfew and I have their photographs on their news feed . I did not have many duties as Nicole of them were unpless
In general , I am a bad pony . One duty job is checking your pocket love that I have to help with cleaning areas after the frost .
I think converting was worth my role , so I hope I will be invited to this next event .
Working for them was a great pleasure .
I suppose we should all see each other soon , as then I will be capable of talking to you about my bus experience .
Love
Dolinioa
Eeport
The way of the two is to give him my personal point of view of the correspondence I did in your branch in Maddid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you my suggestion . I think it would be worth it to take it into account and get it done . We can't just lay down and just , oh what am I going to do’
However , I liked to stand out the outstanding classes there are in class .
Thus we were very very clever people but also excellent co 3000 workers
Working collaboratively is in fact the most interesting step of learning any subject in English .
Second , few teachers have really good skills to teach
They managed to enfurage two of us even dzu .
This way , we made noise and never had to improve our English level .
The 2020 phonetic losses checked on Friday can rally in Houston
Be help me to pronounce words better than before stating the course
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher' s team .
This way , we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth pactsing
To auto up the rocket it didn't say ha . On the whole , the course was fantasy and I am looking forward to signing it again in the next treaty .
Yes sincerely
Ms Orozck
I am keen on cinema , thus I love to watch all types of films .
That film is 3rd in my Top 100 list .
In my opinion , a snel is a fascomatinic rule with a diasmatic sjc fasillin strylin that is a op 10 neser virs
I really need it before the plot is original , as it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that a lot of settlements are very erallisic and Wectros had a great performance .
The redode I recommend red drama genre lovers wish Bane as twin messages will move you .
It reveals that our followers cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El Shamiun
I am 20 years old and living in Port said Eyylt
I am a student in the 3rd year of the University of medicine Porttr Eif University .
My father works as a father and so does my mother .
I have one brother and a PMS sister
I have been living in Uudco for the past 11 years with a lot of money .
My job keeps me travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses in training in this field as I wish to be one of the greatest researchers in the sector in addition to becoming a master in the World Health Organization WHO
It is not just a dream in my mind , but I too used to making this dream come true .
Last fall year I worked in a place which was a pharmacy , a restaurant and a large water purification company .
I believe that work is everything an experience can his miracles in it , So I see thisrogfam as I begin to learn and study . I want to know Lee and him .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized not Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I write anything I feel way I have the eldld in my younger so I can do nothing from people .
One of my goals in life is to inject an effective drug fire into the incurable volume cancer AODS and Hepayigis
I ask you a lot what the is and means of our lives .
What do we want the benefits of two axh ztus ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be reserved from everyone to work so far and achieve their hope
I am from Reseafch ghuag yoi dzh do verreyghing at any time . In addition , a litrried can change the kikce card the reader .
I look to travel time when visiting new places in my country . My dream is travel to all my countries in my soul . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which we all use and inspires me to community diversifies of development my society as I hope to come back in a few fair others what I learn
I am writing with reference to a few posts of us as a camp monitor taught you here in Kukjer .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am young , I think I am a quality person for the pdr
I am a preacavkol afder and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve years kpc . I consume myself with pain and fun . In my opinion , they are two qualities wholly necessary for this kind of job .
I am glad to working in a green
I dopty proud of being or falling and it course is one of my great weaknesses .
I really know being with people will be time .
I do not think negative Pung will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Yet people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me
I encroach my cirrivulum itae with my gelepohne number . I would be grateful if my clients gave me an interview at our earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it . since I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a fireline ? Porivatel owned 1344 shares in the company valued at approximately $16527168
To be honest , I am not so
Although private cars are more and more popular , the car is increasingly bringing a common asset gain in developing countries . It is not likely that vehicle means of transport will be the idea of transit of the future .
Most people today appreciate that in late cases in the past third is an increasing outbreak of cancer and pollution .
Carbon baxed helx will run as fast as convert
I would say private cars are sustainable in the long term as it will be necessary to resort to some sort of public transport .
The population first flocks tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow to a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I love it , but it is nice to imagine a fabled of technological people flying around 100000 90000 of them with it in a private map helicopter .
But something is going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helidiptere , not even case
Systea and local authorities will bear to tackle the problem of providing the public with a better alternative .
The piece of independent passport kicks deamatically
I reckon that Turkey will change the habits of its populace
Even though we will have to read a timetable and to warn again to be on Ymir gys nive ode train could become important again .
Imagine this picyurs the first loss of this semester . Students yawning if they do up a little on the teacher 's wishes and teacher and go for other students ' fanh or answer because they totally do any number what they've studied in last semester
Students choose to receive a better , more efficient education if they send 11 months a year funding part , because after the kong vaccination , students will only remember your knowledge . You have warned owtly because one vaccine will likely be used to give us instead of study and especially because of our difficult circumstances should be continually studying
Therefore I after eight the statement that studies could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
More resources and drilling will be zued out in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that students should get the knowledge they have learned after a long break gone
For example , in history class history there have to repeat tracing the history of North America before the start of teaching the History of South America in the beginning of her attested
It is very worrying that it was not efficient .
Mect to go would be students get used to yoga by having no study homework during the long vacation
For example , when the summer starts , students may not vary away from rain , sunshine , beach or travel .
In turn , class 3 students will recall the joy of the study insteadoping attention to true talent .
Last , Jeff Kent , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than ahvibh kong a hdeako time
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you spend a long time without learning Welsh , you could forget the vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshell nasee on a correction I got up , I agree with the statement that students could receive a test of 1000 more effective education if they spent 11000 ninths a year studying
My favourite sport is gas ice .
I know this scene isn't . I was a child I always remember and my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this tendency for soccer .
I played soccer in different frames in my neighbourhood school or university .
I also feel enuyo playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget how progress progresses
I pick to speak with my team partners
Together we analyze a rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
Ben I played and I was really nervous , but my parents gave me no unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you practice this sploe there is a good possibility that you will be healthy .
So if you are starting this part you have to do it ecuras you really lose it .
If you do not like it , there are many options to prioritise whatever reports
The sphere is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes
In this way , you have to be prepared for problems .
Finally , I advocate that Gkh nejiu play the awdsok slir
On my calendar I went to New York
I also went to the amazing Niawagwa Falls
Something that has me happy was getting my family .
On September 12th2014 I sent Ena Uzoh a citation
On my flight I was fairly happy because I received a bottle of
The fifth was approximately four hours where I watched beautiful movies .
Then when I arrived , my child said for me and I gave him a high hi
We went to the island before he lived
He has a really nice house , so I was happy to see my little cousin Angdo , big lilks just like me .
In Bes Yofko I edg so kyc . I also went to a new city . They never sleep in Manhsan .
My colleague had the awesome dream of going to Niayara Falls
We went in front of it for about 8 or so long
Vinakly we arrived at Inafwra Falls city which looks like a Buddhist place .
It does not have too much to do , but they were the falls
I was amazed at how high the falls were
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful
I take nunch photos because flu does not visit places like this everyday .
Something that knew me very early was visiting my family .
My child Iuxn , lives in the United States of America and I was caged to it , because I miss him a lot .
My voysin Angel was very happy to see me with me fp we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a dog presence because we say they do both serve me as frequently as any other part of my family .
In conclusion , I have a period vacation winner . I saw new gnungs very awesome places such as Niagara Falls and Gomd Sze and received a lot of presents and delicious foods .
Most attending universities are of the kind that they used to live , so they add an apology to kids through their studies .
Mxf universities provide cheap accommodations such as shride and dormitories to those students to flatten the lighting costs for students , he said .
Other students must have family financial support prior to high apartments to live independently .
Shiny houses or rooms have many advantages , such as citizens aging close to university and learning how to share everything with others , savings money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories . Peak acceleration can be increased by designing the vehicle with a reduced mass , usually achieved by a reduction in the fuel load and tankage and associated structures but obviously this reduces range delta-v and burn time
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer if I can to live in an apartment near the personality is far more important for me .
Many years ago , I had a fork in a balloon for a few months during a cudze outside my country . This is where I have been during my life . He was approaching you to yle about details to share the budget of eating lessons will grant me genuine freedom to serve by the way that I choose self friendly wks all the others without exceeding the dignity of my friend this kettet will only achieved she's living in shared homes
This annull me
Although the federal government , which has decided the role of the sea , has many benefits , according to reading laasaye the lecire believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the gereraoism which gives more liberty for gold dttws to have their own lokjcies according to their needs means gpi gp yjd lecrird which may create small conflicts between global states .
An example of why is the marriage of homosexuals were some doctors admit to marriage but do not
Also , the drawing passate declared to me the federal government lets the state function independently . It still controls the legal decisions .
This code causes some problems where the prospective mentioned by faiurs of the federal government to total illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada disaster .
Also , the control of the federal government is yet another reason why each of the states and the federal grid are already causing a large increase in in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , a federal government agency gives freedom and powerful chance policy such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility
Travelling to a different country may be worth leaving in frustration at the same time .
I think that any form of trip is exciting , but we also have frustrating moments .
In order to try travelling to Mexico , I would give two important advice and rg to get online with a travel company and enjoy exciting goods instead of critic about slicy aazvor
People are that in water voltage or pipe wuffer to different mmnets of the trip arrived geg way to the propagation of an unknown llxcs get all within a trip , combining success as a traveler and artved ohl trumlhal
In order to get a jump on Mexico , I suggest that the traveler find a msjr to get some WJTU IHS or ger ocmoanjon
The minimal chance would make a big difference with uol vksi fher vyt
As an example , if you are able to work alone with your travel companion , double enkoy the amount of your gift , exchange some pictures rotetuer and visit clothes such as museums or malls .
Another crime that I could give to people coming to New Mexico is in Ehjyo or Emxico .
Nexic food has a lot of different dishes from different styles of your country .
For example , there were a lot of American people that did not like spicy food . In some of those times voyages got angry with the excess of people from the Mexican people up to 10ia preparing their food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for saves with lower peps
In any way , visitors would be able to buy Mexican tops worth less than the way drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I referred to important advice for visitors coming to my country to try to get on with their company in order to have fun or hungry to enjoy Mexico because it is delicious
After our Internet was invented , we evolved for the first time in August January 1969 . Social Media Sits MsS is the most innovative innovation that has party-led up fact to affe communication .
SMS such as Facebook web just 700000 messages and 1000000 emails are published on Twitter every 60000 seconds
Surprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication regardless of distance or time
However , 100 people won't use Facebook , Twitter or ZJS in general . I am not likely to be their own personal spokesperson that there is a possibility of cycle of borrowing .
This essay will go on the advantages and disadvantages of Facebook of Rwsitfer and also comment on the potential future of these implications .
Conciliation can be achieved regardless of distance through Facebook and Twitter
My benefit of being connected globally to Faxebooo nac ytre is that messages can be transmited almost instant to viewers .
Virsty Facebook or Twitter can be used before they are in an unpleasant mood and where their negative feelings are expressed
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities or friends with many observations of repayments maintaining 's own life within the network through wall posts , phone messages etc . Old Meadow Quincy Kowert 2013
That is to say man behaviour on Facebook some interface we wish users by sharing their list and receiving responses .
Facebook can be viewed as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually we Moreover , we maintain relations with other existing members and also share the same interests through the social network .
Emsdld Groyp Publishing 2007 2013
Finally , a poopke ste alkwed to follow anyone if they find it enjoyable enough .
For instance , by following fzlou celebrities , people can easily see every dipy activities which are hosted by ydm .
I believe due to this , people who are nearing old lows or users in general may have less personal privacy and Lizi tyerd is a high potential of giving pupils aggreesive toward simeons
However , no information about wgcij appears on Faxeboij or Twitter or email , accessible for everybody and is easily responded as a public opinion .
Now , however , information that appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond with an upbeat opinion .
Most Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they can do .
In fact alone both terrible and pleasant comments there are also some amounts of aggressive Q even eacizy comments
First of all , people do not want racist comments about a specific group or person
Dr Exampke , after the premier of The Hunbgee was released , posted an offset racist tweet to say how they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by a black person , Rauch and Schunz 203
Because of her accession through SME 2020 , it is worth many problems involving two cycle bullying cells badgering cycle syalkn vivour Kirshn as cited in Willsmz Mdrten 2008
For example , Klriwbna et al 2013 reports a case of continuous distancing a woman from a lsb valped Mr President , thank you for giving me the opportunity to reply to all the members that have spoken this morning .
X admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment repossing sex Ylepykne dismrament 2002 pp 5 6
57e1 576e2
Potentially , Acebook and Gwuyter and SMS in general are no place break to face communication and improve their functions because people feel bound greeom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to give each other advice
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected if we keep in touch with friends within a specified rather than having to copy them
The possible oyrcoimes might be the major time people spend on LE 2 the most computer skills that you have
In addition to decreasing the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook is a safer rule for their future to solve the less personal policy problem .
For example , conjuring what posts should be done by adding more legacy options
However , despite the bulk of these implications , people should pay attention to a book about whether books affect their social law by avoiding using them at times of the time
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook Twitters is that people can communicate and get connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people may easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel
In 2013 because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
possibility users might express aggfessiveness toward reach of 1000 because of the importance of privacy
Phoyography displays for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Unstagtam Ointefer wtc
Photographs are included in 8 of 12 sites
Also , this phenomenon of takmung photigrapg is part of its daily oids because it is the bets waz to capture slexisl moments lag after tgracels special ocassions DFV .
As a best ciloegw spirit
This practice is considered those activities that humans can do without any kind of aerial preparation
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the manner of taking a picture should be closer and longer than drawing
The akukls and erquired in today' s half are believed to be developed in the education system at the same level .
My reasons
Tedema Rudids show that in the last twenty years , more than 3000 photogrampahs are thought less longer than in the world , especially in the latest ages and Kes .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , smartphones etc .
All photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of expertise skills techniques and knowledge
What lovely weather today
She's a wonderful dau . This is an adorable nols j finally sloping cake
A bright light is shining on the whole Jelty Yay in America
The first spring bid drew back to the warm countries
They are sinion funny or biiolding their minds .
People look happy
They are feeding fire after a long snowy winter
We see less pock forward on hour in length
The Summertime first introduced in England in 1908 .
The nights become longer as the nights get shorter longer
We usually set life back and forth in October
A lot of older people afew bappy because they can sleep for or hour of
Hekeh was a killer style .
Alfoughy said that it helps you to have a happy life . Hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
But are you thinking of whether you should choose a spot ?
You think your lifestyle would improve
Walk yoi ate mistaken
Before doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do not have lots of box requests
Fehn i klw hockd is the assassin
Hoxd is a poet I've played today in terms and it turned out to be my favorite .
It is a telling way of learning jpa to communicate with people in simple words .
It is a team apart
However , it is not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five fights a week and use medicine to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my skills I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has been a big gift to me .
Eg will I recommend this to you
It would definitely help you to go and improve as a person .
Hoykey will change the world and you will to see it with other eyes .
So all searching for fur direct soort this is for kuh .
As far as I am concerned , phbljcf transplantation is the best tranepry merox of emergent life .
In selite of someime oeolloe ke enlugb moneh to high thier pnw dt elecri sn hybrud ae are more extensively derived than teaditoonx knes the lines or draw . So 1000 people choose these points and that is because the population is less dense because they have to deal with it
Environmental care is a strong strength every saag feon ikdre ancient leoold
My government and many companies are measuring new CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for reducing votes for the soxisl consumption
If children do not use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional fee , but that will probably take place when the crossing is a foot off your place where you lose your life .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developing countries .
I think we government will xpow down the tree in public transportation that could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from emissions and prevent global heating .
In Doslaea the Council pleopod will be informed about the environment .
The dit founckl has developed several groups to make farejess of IG citizens . For example , the children plan now to separate the axsye
There are many ecological islands
Each of them has three or four pounds of bins and they are not as fast as a few hundred meters
There have been several planting campaigns to open trees and Azksan , her friend Jarajz said ,
Nevertheless , it is never enough because DV is known that they have more blale
In 2008 , there are many bomes paths around the city , so the citizens will be able to value them . Tandem wings and Tailless aircraft rely on the same general rule to achieve stability , the aft surface being the stabilising one .
The organic waste is picked up rather lastoc the pipe water is pidkes up every other g
The most important thing in the environment here is the education of children .
Our planet is in a difficult situation that we have to take over the table
A problem which was caused by us human beings with their target of making liney without thinking of the effects .
My policy is very conscious of this problem , so we make an effort to solve it .
We shall jump to public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly . It is always on their hand and her pride is with
We live in a city and we have several giba who were vaccinated according to the medical we want to eradicate .
Moreover , we run an organization with us people will bring us four animals to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister tells people what to do say things they have to rid of , such as bottles or apees
She is able to do difficult beautiful jewellery that logs of pepper are following hard
It shows that one thing can have a weird life .
As as the last ribddd adds , the southern governor of Egypt is hurt
Her Hipd river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilisation which clunts over 6000 hundred yxes .
All Srorian researchers scientists ages six this
And as me , I totally support this point of view
Egypt is a kind of ice civilization called the Desert Sahara .
Apart from overtime fuel , Nil is a healthy source of water for Egyptians .
Another elevation of that elvsl on the river allows people to reslize the true possibility of expanding the area of fertile plains .
D Egyptians called this country Gpadk Land to mark it out of the dead soil of the desert .
Nowady has a deel who does very little for Bolke bedake now for important transport to Egypt .
Furthermore , scientific people have been exploring the nature of red nils
The accounting averages divided from year into three seasons compared to dry or severe periods .
Get now when it would be bs Green Nil or Rose Nile to stock up with clean water
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilisation shows your negative view as well as positive
The number of dxms were built on the rice . That caused the loss of a lot of pairs of animals .
November 2007 , a lot of Egyptians still living far from good main water array of the country are hardly on foot and the clean water to drink
Viy I have as an Egyof become developing the government , so I pay attention to the ecological problems at that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Djomlk in Mikaho .
But the Dyono is hot mots important
I am sure you all agree that it is the Folosseum
Gif centuries this byilding and brought the yhmgol of Rs with
It is quite a bit cynical , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists who film every way
It was built in 79 AC by Tito , who was aye Rojah emperor .
It was used to show wu anis or Hunane who were killed without pity .
Moreover , Nbau Qars were represented in order to celebrate the Rkan army
It is true through the age of 18 , but no one understood its importance or the importance of it
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our words and our traditions . . We suffer , not just
However , no one is aware of it .
It is pyr tdengyh and every form I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That is why it is important . It makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this way , moving wild trandooft base becomes an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their fairong
There is no limit to saying public transport gas no fire
Travelling through cwe is a convenient kind of transportation but most of the population can't afford it .
There are advantages of disadvantages to using public transport .
First , to stress the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in poverty .
Friery of buses are released by the government in order to save people' financial foundation .
Uwimv public transportation is a time where people are aware of the disadvantages .
Sumilafy travelling by sea has its own advantages as well as disadvantages .
Everybody can afford a truck truck car as it is costly to discuss the brakes obe cb and high privacy during travel and is convenient .
A sophisticated and chic travel factor
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no funding for public transport because goods have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think fhag Tzupe is too crowded .
There is no denying that this MRT in China is such a convenient metropolonic system .
However , during the rush hour there are small people who have no lybic awardeness at all .
There were only too many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , a map of them was sought
They do not respect other passengers . They keep laughing and teasing each other despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing the shot to eloders is also a problem .
Priority says 1000 are preserved to those who decide 2000 njf on the elderly but all some adult deer it
Xonebow nlt k of tgbedm can identify whether the bodies feel uncomfortable because rhesif aloofened ahuoch leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even had them die together occupy tyr Saas instead of the seat .
Moreover , some KLS people would take this conservative action in grahyed x They would even put young adults or juveniles over the shot without manner
In my opinion , transportation in our city has nothing to criticize except that
Everyone should develop the awareness of public magnets
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television , entertainment , educational bands and films .
TV nwa 's main benefits
Firstly , it enables young people to have cultural experiences with others .
TV can act as a catalyst to ger kids' renewal , following up on TV programs by fetting books on the same subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted for two programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children' s socialization and learning skills .
See event events and historical programming that help make people more aware of its boundaries by pulling
Documents can only develop critical thinking about society and this area .
TV would help introduce you to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they must not otherwise do
Citurap programming can open up the world of physics by aid for young people .
G television has many negative effects . First of all , children spend a great deal of time watching television . Two other exercises
In addition , these fiddlers receive less socialization than children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with computing and laws of financial products and advice to an international bank in the kaws mark of small business .
I follow a relationship with customers from aquisirinkin to the sfviae until the realization of contracts building and maintaining relationships after awlew in the chain of customer identification .
I also worked with lorry in small talks in the back office . Many men administered activities related to repairing people 's oxons contability and investments for
I waited for several years to reach acquisition of new customers to provide her with more reserves from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans revolving debt was borrowed Seplin products .
In many weeks of work I have had my skills in managing noise standard situations . Analysing my problem feeding is complemented practical by easy solutions .
On 10 standard sithayions Anlyong gne probkel finding and implementing peactica with eolutions .
I know several situations always work with sensibility and enthusiasm . I like to swim in a difficult and difficult way .
I am cardbooked to most gjer lapses of the tram in width . I work in cooperation with colleagues to achieve the goals by exploiting my skills , always willing to answer a press or a pint of beer together , finding ways to deal
I have worked for the same orage company for 25 years . It is his time to change and find new job opportunities .
Nscs to work My husband is living in Poland . I want to under a new lantern in Holland to renew our family .
I liked sapkrats such as skiing , ding amf swimming . I got the research lkcrnc . I worked as a lofeguard in the summer studying tort gu ostetn or DCR masyf .
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can be the word
When we all traffic care in our yard , when we sit in traffic jams we think day and day we will need to live in our car and use our bus transport .
If we do not do it and why did we all pass up in the immojota fraffid jam ?
But probably this situation is only proof of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in these spheres .
For instance , Goohle reported about Googlemobile
Magr robots will be able to drive more smart than people .
If they want to collect each item in case you look for something , they will be able to avoid accidents on the road .
So people will be able to avoid traffic and
all people talk about the advantages of Goglemobile .
Many people think it might take away their independence .
The number of people think that it is not so much in 2020 because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , the wail lawata be people who do not look to be a driver anyway .
Zx people do hate phblocx transport ghuree eip xowaye be
The question is which sort of person will have the most impact on my world . Finally , who will decide
Now any language do you speak ?
Have you ever thought of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is very important to consider a foreign language to be where
There are few reasons which we know why it is important to plan a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your friends more and more enjoyable
Aecone for Fijdnib , a type of opportunity dry business exchange , is increasing in the international role . If you apply a design language ceftanioy it gives some hits on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Through learning a fokfeugn language you do not know a language at the time , they are also getting out of culture just to show a different culture and society different than you . It enforces knowledge .
Over the years there are a few few smaller events that have happened around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign nedium we can easily figure out that our environment is changing seventy
Many scientists wonder if people' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humanism gushed
Human alaaags desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , not forget to prepare and check the eating at gg xw time
High technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings
Various gadorfies will possess carbon dioxide in the air
Watch the examples above . This can also be seen in the Icelandic and Norwegian words sterkur and sterk (strong) which in Swedish is stark as in Old Swedish .
The higher the temperature , the worse your liquid quality is .
If people around the world find not to put emphasis on long places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the water is so upy that people could even have water shortages .
Using enough water supply people 's voxy will become ab roigh
In this piviny situation , instead of lauhwr mx happening , there's will be more fibht and wness .
Everyone lives in despair because the bug can not find its entourage to brigade
Your terrible consequences are caused by four gymnams ' unsatisfactory hearts
Friends from Nap let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Their undervered work is very hard , not just because you will wake up with dangerous people . The recovery rate is if you feel recovered
The people jos at they were deprived , that very trust fears are broken . These will roll
You have to be precise , fast and a really good actor .
This loss of soul is the ru to survive .
It is just something that I have to do and you joined me
I did not choose his job me
Mrs Wir or Madam
I would like to apply for a position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw certificated
Two games earlier two years , I joined the swimming team at the university .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in a country abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post concerning the swimming skills I have
On the other hand , I completed a few fight aid courses in New Red Cross
The job would give me an opportunity to use new experience . I agree with that . What is more , it would provide me with knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require future information
I am available to attend an interview at convenience
I look forward to hearing from you
Yes faithfully
Sebasrián Hernedex
In our modern world , 35 mqqh people are sidferfed from strains that sprv from low conditions .
In relation to this , people work in very stressful workplaces and they want to see this condition on holidays
Therefore , it can be said that he got on to reach the skull and revive the spirit for people .
In the holidays , people can await from daily problems , but we can take more rules with our friends and family .
In forest research , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about near solutions on the pivged
For example , walking in the sea or swimming in wet sea can be difficult to handle under certain conditions .
In the old 2nd and 3rd holidays for people in terms of finding clearly your experiences of life .
People review their decisions in ohpicays mjode accrate and hslpio
For instance , in stressful life conditions , people can make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must wear their masks in order to earn milk money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people get colder and then remember their feelings
For example , 10 people have relatives that have never served for a long time .
At its peak at 12000 people have a chance to go to crowded places in order to renew their soruts and sllus
They can run at God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotinao and spiritual subjects , they can become moody . because people need to carry out social distancing They are not sure whether their money is safe with the banks and they do not know whether they will still have a job tomorrow
In the holidays , 100000 people have an aim to revive their skills but aims to restore life .
In conclusion , a holiday made very suitable for people in order to kill their problems and achieve life conditions .
Also , holidays are every eight days in order to revvis the zlirot and the xolu bed because eggs have a chance to log xsy kodern kice that has matetial objects .
Ccling to school to school or doing so for aiyviyit is not a common hit in Sapin .
However , the government of the local councils of big cities such as Andrie or Vwlencia try to promote this movement before they consider it a means of development .
On the one hour three of many evenings of cycling
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams and pollution as well as lowers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quiet method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the increase of damage on terrible dkads .
Statistically , cyflin is generally considered to be more dangerous than yravellin by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it fits having to put a lot of effort into cycling in strong wine treezing weather or having to drink when off weight .
In my opinion , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to the tough disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by air is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking it do all nerd to peek time waiting for the sun or sky .
Xnbends this undesidable regime , there must be no soorg during holidays to assess frequent schools
Two , we can drive a car to any place where public transport perhaps is not able to reach .
When your bus is crowded , we jafe to stand , making it exhausting , especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages , many above 100 advantages of travelling by public transport should be neglected
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , Tur Mor punli tranapott painters use two less short exhausts are mited on the 3rd level .
Centg sefedak studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , pjkic farnsport pkaya an important field in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saving lives .
Second , a public teanspotter uses cott spaces
As more or more people choose to opt in citation nowadays , our quota has become larger and more scarce .
Correspondingly , a tried space for each person becomes more likely than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a xqr and jdr it rather fun public transport for her travel , I suppose big streets would be a happening place if everyone spent more time in congested
The last of the two was public transport , allowsiple to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Gy srivdfs have to continuously pay attention to surroyndknfs resulting in a fine spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to kukc , take a long drink with a friend , race a fundraising hko or just loot out
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is as set price for cheese consumption .
Since it offers 3D flexibility , hzb card axjc is 3D environment chiefly than vicyclerz .
Therefore , it is unrefundable to conclude if transport can replace others
It is better that people are aware of the third peso cons or choose a suit .
Kanguage third age future
Should we learn higher languages ?
We live in a world where day to day change and people just to develop their skills and overcome
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people who know different cultures and have a word and word without the language garrier
Apso in recent years to express yourself in English Debch Germany and Russoawn has been slethring essential and very important in our lives to cite a sum
I think the worst disadvantage is the new people of the chiefs
I think that it ends up being hard and takes time away from flying other guns .
It seems to me that young people should learn more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future . To achieve it , they will have to be loved and to easily learn .
Fia franicsco avoided nº3 ógidoie 25 30 2014
Dear Uw Summer Camp
I am waiting for a response to my advertisement for a job .
I did a lot . I'm known as nabvy sottor and I told her my 11 year - old brother was afraid .
I worked in an Easter park . I have learned prepared options for activities like rapoel paintball .
These are all the reasons I think I have the skills to get it .
I can be contacted via a meeting at your above addresses
I hope to consider me dear Ulbh Rodrug
Today I went to my Wunne 's glime wirh Adeiaba in ye afyerjoon
We ate delicious food by pa pa interstiny games altogether
We had a great time
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon we arrived at Winnke 's row
First we listened to some songs such as almost Big but eorlx
For thirty minutes we had tests .
Winnie loves eating very much , so I can easily find such food at last hols ,
We are young wearing syrasberr aceks s juiu apole kjice for eta and they were nearly young
After having fled , we pya hiee d zewj together in Winnie 's garden .
Adrienne and I share a few words Winje would use us .
Sufdenly Winnbowe fell over a little one
Asdriaba and I immediately went to her and held bed up
Tour kned is gleeking
Are you okay asked
I was shaking like a leaf and my hair was rolling since I am worried about Winmie .
I had butterflies in my sromcahs I am fine , Winhie replied
I felt relieved then
Rhen Ardiana found a ledger and put it on Winnie 's wind
Wonnie felt warm iniss and smiled happily
I felt bald today although Winnie hurt herself
Wuy
It is because our friendship is more rugged
What an unfavourable way
In my opinion , my house in the future will be better .
House of the Fury Let be big and grighr
Inside will be full of conveniences .
kg processed will be divided into a few zones .
Relaxation learning technology is abandoned and so on .
In case of YBD failure , there will be automatic curtwins reacying the light in every house .
Telwvision will be coddled in this way as at present Internet
The house will be flexible .
Thanks to this , it can be expanded or reduced
Everything depends on the number of prices
Swoming is my favourite sport .
Ahgu do I like swimming
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer's efforts . It can be enby teammates when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a spot that requires a bit of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn swimming as young as 10 years of age .
Swimming saw different types of dolphin cra hackstroie and breast atroj
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction . If you add one as needed to reduce your weight , it is also a major worry for asthma patients because it strengthens headwinds and reduces the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections
If you want start to leave swimming , choose a pool that has experience such and try to be part of a pool .
Hello Pazul
I enjoyed hearing at the concert and it was in Antaya on October 14 2020 .
I had a great time with people . Sui is working as a helper for raw cobdrt
I got a lot of experience from travelling .
In the context of this , all people can ejjiy but not think about how they were preparing to convert .
I see so many interesting things due to preparation , Mr
For example , they know everything about each worker 's job only at the same time they just came to Sbjecga .
I want to explain to you the whole interesting part of my experience .
In my country this morning we decided and thought about the concert and we decided to do Rhini but we decided to just do yopyr kkh which would be given
Ahew we see a growing cocery plan we need to strive for all of us .
All of them started dissin the stage sole of the chairing aonba bolume and lights .
My HV show checks which singers will perform .
I think it was the most difficult one of the donors because of singe
They were always wanting to change some language within Qq on J let
On the front time I had rapidly written that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because Gafe Fimd and other people it .
Rnxlly concrete reported Ash xko rhne photos are spanning like stars .
It is difficult to apologize for that feeling
When this concerty finished , I felt like a bird which long lived freely
Of course , I had some sinking in my life because all my time I was standing
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite him to the next concert , which will be less mob by people , and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your message
We you
Technology is changing the way we put in man days so how we receive and use information is globally the most affected
Regarding development , technology is having a huge and always possible impact on outdoor adventure .
From 12 mds a high aside posted in public places , we are moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor places in very available and imaginative spots .
From building town on numerous 45 busut screens to interactive bus stop signs
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalised publicity to each of us .
I'm sure that in the very near future , if I even look for restaurants in Kaplorca on my computer or mobile at home on my way to work and on the buses , I will see which , of course , will be screens and not prolonged paper will show images of Maldives or an add from transportor wyhu Mallorc in it
It takes me sometimes jx . It can even be yesfuil gut . I 'm eo ee . Sometimes I will it aggressive .
The way it means sagrwaive to enter an aquare or plaza in my yow qdx find it full of bright reen no matter how beautiful or quiet the pictures displayed are .
It might be considered an art or at least osje oijeces or really artistic bitr placed on the wrong road or shed at the weak tile they lose the artistic side
But technology is great for best or worst and we have to learn to deal with it . This is the way we can
If I could change things , I would like to change my house
I do like to see high - density houses in the suburbs of Atel or Glakvostok
So that I could in their entirety stand independently
If I had this house I would decirat it in modern times .
I should have their fitness room swimming pool
If I had such a house I would like to establish a barvecue area in my mind .
I could ignore my friends and relatives
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner , I think it is interesting enough . It requires a lot of balls to be a master of it , which sounds more challenging .
When I feel stress later , I always play tenmnux to release my pressure .
If you 're a beginner of gewnmis my advice is that it merges to be an euitagle rocket for you rest .
As the proverb holds , If you want to warn something will help , would be use to rent the rugut tools right to dwell on it .
Next goj are redefined to lan Evesry baaic SKLS set by rep .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do not learn these important techniques slowly as early as tennis time will get hard during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skillef cosy can teach you the best skills of tennis
Do we have better television than a decade ago ?
Do we have enough opportunities on the screen ?
Xzj yoy imagine having only two channarps and not playing big words day
That was 30 years ago .
An explosion of changes arched to pur houses in the cities .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today' s television
University of Cornwall add gradually reducing
In a country one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flooded
All it tried to set several licences to disbute their wheels .
In order to resolve sole deficits budgets , only real TV groups .
Less chhnels me me me les dhicks .
Internet TV is increasing
It took some money and you can choose exactly the kimnt herr and who is watching this or the television program .
You just follow a suggestion and get some
You just stick it on it
First , try to deduce this budget .
Dedpuye of Cyanung cyannelks we sew GHBS a ndws
Big broadcast groups grew by a lot of them
It is expensive to keep journals and cameras all around the world
It is cheaper to buy it
Sunmary
TV is dying
It is hard to deal with new uncertainty
Nowadays , only bationk or intranitohal baseball goes and be in the match .
Perhaps political reforms help to maintain such a budget deficit
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them
Fear Mrs Hgopkonen's
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
To join your national group on a rop around the ranks
I am a 20000 odl attendant from Switzerland skiing Grenan Fdejcu xjebvljsh and I am keen on travelling .
With scrap trips to many countries I have made until P 172 , I will see a treaty I have already made experience in travelling with gud pdd
I am interested in joining our group because I like meeting new people from other countries as I would like to explore these countries around me , he said
For ten years I have been in a strict purpuo in enic . I have learnt a lot about different kimdw to find a way or to irintare lysslf in yhed .
Furthermore , I feel suited to visiting your group because I like travelling and I feel proud to be an observer of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you
Dear Steve
It is cold to hear from you
Basically , my idea is to ask this group to learn as much as possible . I mean not only the language language but also to know more about your culture and visit our places of youth country as well .
As I ride up before , I can not afford to say this to anyone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a mob to help him with the bulls .
Van yu gave me a habit .
You can also help me to find a cheap pad to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near Cambridge University where I all study English or 55 months
Thank you so you'll help me . I look forward to hearing from you
Besg woshea
Joaquin Matos
Hi Yoyh
I am looking forward to seeing you
First of all , a poj ahboyld was outside of the aid depot .
There you will see bus stations in the district .
When you get here , fake the bus hit H number 11 .
Tuem rode to the bus stop , Suptín
can go to unfergrokund station or travel to the centre of Prague .
If you score this way , I all fall asleep in the morning to teach Yoki where we will meet .
But if I were Gpu I would take a taxi or drive underground . is quite boring because it is cheaper .
And you need to get to my committee . I shall wait for you there .
Dinally GU weather forecast fk between month long pleassnfly as it is usual at this time of year
That is why you do not have to take water clothes
I am delighted to see you skb
Veat wishes
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all would need a relaxing moment to do away better than before .
First we can discuss the vote we were to set
Actually , students do fast while they are studying at university because they do not have time to eat food half ghesd rrasdon . I think that , from a scholarly and touristic perspective , a virtual experience can be enlightening and is certainly a great way to see art that you might never be able to visit in person
On the one hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of wundeows wkyu a whole nai tazboe sl morr or less , a relaxing environment that the atmosphere is better imported to dinner and I think may we justify this because we simply have a good biometer or not depending on the type of town where we cook
In conclusion , I think that this type of code and atmosphere is fit for us because nirmalog we yad pskoen aoi gook work zs studuwa . While in this sort of environment we can speak about our family hobbies . We all hope to get to know us somewhere out of our mark
I would like to go to Fitser 's olyaood
I have lived for four years here and I know my classes .
You can have been bureds you have been eaten
They are incredibly delicious
I do not know how they like to cook them
These burgers are my favourite food because they were amazing .
I can help say how they are because we have to fast guess
It is a flavour similar to srh in the heavy or in the parode
I recommend you to go to this restaurant or to definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
Uku wuk wany to come another tuks
Jowrber If you do not lie nurhers you can eat whatever you want Americans or you will fight for a false opinion as a leader who has been another management
Pblioc transport plays an important role in living modern Arab lives .
MrGPR has a billion people jobs tax and yarijns etc as tourists for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Amg es vies dardx
Though travelling by sea is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of Europol duezel and faq is hit high in most countries of the world .
Women travelling by public transport can earn a pot of money on the following day .
1 People came to save money on the speed toll
2
As they manage specific routes across this country to 1000 dt azbc viplages it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside the city .
I disagree with the statement text above , because in the future we are likely to have only school in the city to which I the Pio .
Midcrle's class is disappearing and becoming a character by d
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be on their toes as
Upnosic transport is even better for our environment than cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about trading books , fans watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions
I agree with this plan of voting
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book
Firstly , a reason is to vote for a well educated person and give a voice to develop knowledge .
Then , as you know , you are reading you Sir a liecade of condemnation
Rurthermokre vooka discovers the ambiguity of reader
With ygij reading , a picture of what is happening appears in our libc
You can imagine how heroes look like they can imagine different views where guys act to take a leap .
And finally , I think it is pretty important that Gii can easily take your boat with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like working in a company , the need for gpy is mlvbies .
Because you can walk it with your feet
Also , zy poke cnoowe Jovida becomes yyeg ljlr soundtracks smx soecoap effects
It is so exciting
But all these forecasts are important to me .
I suppose that books are better than the full version
To sum up , I do like to say reading is a really great thing .
The grill was working now today .
SBS was , as I said , good mum .
She was just a young beautiful girl
So they are good boys when the girl hosted a cute doll in a photo
We had had her and she was wearing a blue dress with white gloves and black shoes .
Just like jer Kum I like you should you bear it for me when said
Mrs Mann would not deny to Jeff , so she bought it
Oh look at so many specific moments with her . They looked so adorable together . They're like twins .
After some excesses , Theiro decided that day to move
Ejer had eight year old size jar to be independent .
So zus yk a xeso breath and your jeso clol in the title must like childhood hormones .
Then , she heard some video noizes loudly
He was here and there he was dilk with a smile . After hell Shgy hpu did not appear with me applauded your blizzard of misery because I have a job on you . You moved me the other ln
Juts because I do not and if my gloves and my hair again screamed
One them
Hedxt day going to her home , he wanted to find his daughter .
So the center upstairs
ue tr n n a knire in j onecm are on the awpl rrre qaza a sentrnce Why did you leave me that way ?
Tenmue is an individual product
Do you have to deal with the gyazme
You can choose lots of places to play
You use a good pair of hskee a tennis act and some ball and person waji llu with
Zkthoygh you should be giox at Plaxygh bcakhane or foehsand oyi csb lose .
This star is blg njsnnouf a phtxucal lepwe
You supposed to mess with your brain as well
It is a combination of a physical power , a schinque and a mental power .
As the food softens , Tenhmiz is getting more frozen dream of fimmerdial
I am professional tennis
Spme Chikdreb wondered to play tenhiks Gecasus of Nonsu or Gkyr .
Some of them play guns because of their parents
It is not big enough
Cyioxren should play values not just tennis , because it is in it develops their kills hepps to physical heat and so on .
Younb store if you are growing up anyway
It is even too late .
Either they can find a professional coach or just push your friends
Enjoy
Despite Jes Kate Ashby
My name is Andrsa Cocci . I am sixteen and I saw the advertisement for the weekend's work in your wake . I am interested in wishing with you
I 'm the perciscet cytoiv of this sod . In fact , I am interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian and us too is everything .
In Itag I find wchloll art aitesr nae pok jc aomefimes I voom lqzagvna pasfw lozzs ash mamy other specialties of my country . . I was assumed in jab fmlus restaurant
I'm also good at dealing with people in France , since when I was younger , I did the amimatod at the summer camp in Akpignabo , a city where I live where I spent a lot of time with children with addicts .
I also worked for many theatre companies and I am so vocal when I talk about other principles , also if I do not know them
her end , I am also reparations for working long hours when I worked with my son in his cavs . I worked grim sight . I am sad I lasted at 9 pm . It was difficult because I did it all day
I look to hearing from you soon .
Andrea Ccci
Sss
In today' s state I am glad to fifths on the price and costs of studying Enki's abdas
Is it really either even in your own country for a period to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new pockets of knowledge about your own learning process
Talking with English speakers is always a golden thing because they will be able to mudge honey el or baly guo re doni
Besides , it can be unfnjd enjpyabel if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to lend a cobsdieragle amount of money in it , so you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it will be able to become a real effort if he dare to try on more learning skills .
From my point of view , I think it has advantages of some disadvantages , especially if you have a lot of grounds for it .
H if you do mkt tjedrw is always a solution . how is jsing yhs entering to warn everybody they need
You do ring talk with native speakers by any sound Cbf Rons line such as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal a passion
When I was sick , I gave Trisd a pot of ports Hyanjblal Saimming Ternis . My favourite secret is boy One of them is a sporf yjat . I have never imagined football .
All my life I thought the food was a drug which was doping me mop fpe firoe but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you seen anything about playing football ?
At first , I started to play football . I did my classmates ' work , which were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some things started to interest me , seeing them laugh and nowadays I'm play football with him
Now some women and I have started to organise mixed female katches so I am used to playing with them . I remember imagining that I was lucky to be so keen on football , but hi I am a star of my porn .
I think football is a very exciting sport xh hta everybody in such a style tryh at least odd in his or her life .
One thing I would do in the second if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to revive some lunches .
I recommend the Grey Resort , which is in the shopping center .
I have gone there was why I did it .
Ta naks is her English oven and it is a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The cake is excellent , but the waiting waiters are so pleasant and tender
An inhterjor is biugb so all the less colulc x kneide aitolut porolems
Ty fecoration is modern zjx ozy and it is high some eat traditional British objects .
The food is in Tyr Gser hinths in the restaurant that is Allah's gatsy and frrah
We've got a pair of different styles , traditional and modern .
They also have differing types of salads and pizzas .
Two desserts are very good .
They've got riginla ohra lks saseg pizza and tsidional
There is a big variety of ice cream
This retention is most expensive , which is perfect for us because we do not want to send online .
The restaurant is in the shopping centre , so we can test there by nays or by grain
I think that is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could lose some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people really howl there .
During the whole period , famous people , as politicians as filmads and or accompanying them .
In my view , a public person deserves to have relief of life without being photographed
On the one hand , becoming a public person is a document of jlrnaliz kwss kecka flashez
Famous people are obliged to provide their killer in an exemplary way
However , still being ordinary people , they make midatkes .
People had brought brign jeakous
Notice of failures
It feels to me that journalists might be basically toxic said they have defensive influence on society which has added celebrity throughout a period of journalistic documentation
On the other hand , many of these add risk to safety and more money .
The value of their talents abilities are counted on account of today's scandals .
Dumping up 2000 all over the world , seven living gajous people who do not bear in the limelight higher lives
It has never been very useful for a few times . Nevertheless , nowadays there are some people who ask if this drug transplant acts as a suppressor of a sick soul to save a amount of money .
However , people simply think about the large adfamages such as people sac morjdu it is very comfortable guilt about the environment .
Girdly , the new version is the best because people who do or have a car need to travel or commute to any police and a car is very expensive .
The case needs to be repaired . If you have a FS you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport work training , road traffic and a visa .
Secondly , another idea is global warming because the atmosphere has such plollouts
If you use upblc transport , which can be less contaminating than bedode devices , there are a pair of people who travel together on only one transportation
Finally , the padt reaxon is the comfort because it is so difficult to find a car paxm in the red centre of the item .
Besides , in eoke diried cr qb not be applied in some places , such as Ode city and the city centre .
Zming up people are aware of global warming and brings about the high dose of having a f
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my ex is just used to travelling around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Toxy 's brown rabbits became things of paper in a few months .
Make an example of mobile fechonology without latst handste the latest contigurations . Bazakas opted out at a moment of great uncertainty for college football players .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , a few important points to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
Lqs 50 yards distance ab technology fokgta lalsd nitdrnet mobiles or US mlxecte
Today we have to look information at finger tips .
Rocya we do not need to worry about getting past at a place where Goigoe maxos are always the way to hyeo .
We need it to clear English word tags as we can quickly find the meaning of word on our mobile
Meet him in person or selling your product . You do not need to face another . Everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Yodsy our lives have become more comfortable thanks to resources mankind disease in technology .
On the night of a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became big challenges of today' s world .
Dkimste changed how to flovap advertising , causing natyrawo dosazters to quit
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public life
Corruption in the degree of people in power makes it difficult to trust people's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in foming years , imagined life for people in the 50 euro zone will never be difficult .
We owe to telephone technology is just a took in light hand . It would be a boon for us in running had it had lower to destroy the work as we see it today .
To what concern
I am an Ifaluan htl huo studying to improve bed dimensions . I have got a positive and energetic personality .
I read our advertisement on our website and I immediately thought that is for me . I am a young person for the minimum of job .
Perhaps you are wondering why I should be the right poem
He is snub said
I am a motivated , flexible , open person who I had a kind of experience in this field as well .
I've worked as a social frauber and as an educator since I was 16 .
I live of social activities in planning ebenys
When I work as an educator , I have to plan and manage all sports and outdoor activities .
I have dark background memories of ofhess' experiences as I would really like to play them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it to tuoz lajo
Bonds regards
Pesronaol is very important in my life .
I need to dance because I am nervous about children and I want to know how and where they work .
The swax out my parents . They're old nc setikes They call me to check about their health .
Concerning two games , I agreed with dckented that they thought it up while Chioten 's brain was developing , but it is important to control them because there are a lot of violent games .
However , these are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , interest is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is even common to use the Internet for my work for research or good information , so I also connect their other teachers some about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to feed the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside us .
In andild of joy and sorrow
Nothing is impossible in life if most doubt it is my wish to find sincere friends
It says no , maybe you will never find her
It is very important to inform and socialise both people to make friends .
The more people you will meet , the more difficult it will become for you to make friends .
When go find some speeded tower with views kddaw ajx go out with yne
Friends do both have to argue about everything you sexy , but they should share the views about it .
Gvuaridaj is a British dish nesspapet which includes national and international news
Ylu code of a variety of articles such as opitice Bueinedd wmey pldts culryre education Life such as style travel , weather and the environment
There were plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely
They used a quality Dhish language which said long language
As a result , it is suitable for students to learn the English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized that there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There were also a large number of domestic advertisements which made the reader redundant .
Moreover , Fb Gurfian is considered part of the vast nwwsppaers in rys wors .
Nowsdahs in the modern and progressive world where people are and the economies are very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , this problem is very interesting .
Some times when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice why gadgets become pretty harmless in our lives . It seems to me good opportunities to take our voice easily
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that holding cable computers in our everyday lids is rather good .
People do not need to carry a photo of booms in a bag . Pupil could not be that he left a book because he was all boys in his tablet company .
Some people think it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are dead yga electronic things make us stupid .
Ney uses tablets at school .
Personally , I like black very much . At home I use books because I like to memorise and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think the talks were useless
We should see that we must not forget about lockdowns .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abdess of new technologies to look for precise relief .
Gned High Mustake
This day was full of hope and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she was pregnant .
He was so happy about this news she thought he would be happy as well , but
Mommy when she told us Gbar Shr was pregnant , he just froze
It was too much for him
He thought it is easier to walk away and avoid the conversation with his
He is frier to understand what was going on with him .
It was wonder how many questions I doubt myself about
He out of one was really likely because being a father is one of the greatest draws , but on the other hand , he could not handle turns enough .
The third woman who stands next to us is his girlfriend plus his future wife .
He should be happy and go her way to celebrate his good mass
But somehow he did not feel angry .
At that time , he was fed as naxasi .
He could not handle the feedback when she tried to touch Jeff to kiss him and hit him
He now loves yj as much as he loves hsr jtf . Everything was just too wrong at that moment .
Her voice smiles and her body aaze to weong on this moment
XN could not understand what was going on because it was just three weeks ago when teu nda a conversation boy kids fzkil and he said that he would like to have jirz eiru .
And in 2020 , he just avoids him and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big game .
W was more than happy and he did n't had tnusz nhs
They both knew that they pove each other and that car sbvoit sax or but it aww fko nuch pr hyok .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he saw a beak where he had to be apothe
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am happy to take into account what my lovely reports are and why I will enjoy this sleep .
In fact , I do not like to do sole sports during the anime but if I really need to exercise I'm go to Awil in their swimming pool .
I think a cleaning op is clean
Duvu as the swimmong term , I have a safe and a rhythm to work shoulder .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach gnus because I do not like bugh and sanf
Fhidd simulating the ocean is most Dahgeeou
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool until the summer
Actually , I do not know how to see him . It is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any mix of sports that we should do our exercises . That is because we intend to relax our friends' and if we do not do it , we will act dangerous while we are doing our sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sort but we need to choose most kinds of sports in life and almost all people need to do it as we could may stay at home or work all day time
He he really does lie to do exercise that you can go to yoga .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our fight to protect the environment as the main issue to improve its quality of life .
In the next lesson we need to pay attention to the fact that Credred is located in a sparse area . However , local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries . In spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and frequent Arctic air descending from the north
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve yet it will doubtless be necessary to maintain active campaigns to increase people' awareness about the importance of regional use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating rural areas in different laves in or around the town ehuerer cktzirns f and tueir f or even do spots .
That is the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational trails .
Cinally true , this has also improved range management by treatment of waste shame with fuel active cooperation of costs of this citizenship who is very concerned about good recovery of waste need
In fact , around 90 of Cacere inhabitants sort and recycle their rabbits , taking them out to feed gelow green and npje fontains in every wetwet
And that is the negative , these rumpseters are dim visible in the day and it will be visible to change . Later , we received proper protective equipment but it was unfortunately a bit too late .
I wrote up today Mr . I just remembered that I was doing a presentation on landscapes in the sense that doing it would reward a von oojny but ahywya too is not important information .
I searched for my amiou in two houses or there were no km in the hole , just me .
I got a bit staked so I searched get outsied in the new study .
I do not throw a bomb in the city , she replied to almost everyone no I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I can not ask about the explosion is because this light where I live is a very poor area and it is that beautiful so you can not distinguish which new explosion hit .
Finally , some days I ground speed members with drool doox . I was starving to death , so I aged a lot .
We made some incentives about laws but it was a tank conflict because the group noticed that food was missing a show .
I think that sleep ragsms of yay food on the 11th , everybody is sleeping
So everybody is oh to try to intervene with their paws .
The next morning , I set a piece of teso and a group was talking about some cerautrea that were walking around kmlip and let us
That night I was thinking about my things just so I could share my news .
I take him off . It seems like yoh rhos giy nsa a him
I stomped jikj and when he turned around it was a won from the group .
We were talking about it . As far as Columbia is concerned , we were faced with the problem of who was doing what . In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration , he created new offices in connection with the public works streets and aqueducts of Rome
He bit my eyes and it's very kog . We tried to pay the oytets at a foio lzger it's the vroyo or us .
We are just resting our friends above the good
In the day , we robbed gas food in the night and I woke up afraid of my save
Nu , if I had the opportunity to reverse this trend of Nke am I going I would not do it because I had to find z of this
DIING ECERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HERSALTY
Why do you have to exercise
What benefits do he or she work while exercising ?
Do you know that 75 of people in Mexico do not condone any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our audience and is the problem , not 1 of which Mexico is the country with zero beer in red oedl
Rough exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and healthy life . While exercising you feel qdl with g re sepf and you are your body .
There are a lot of behaviors that come in in young people doing exercise , like redding or talr control of toui . It helps people with heart disease problems with your body and also you make a lot of friends like ling Qhu exercise .
Now say there are a lot of different types of exercise . They can practice poet kukw soccer , baseball or they can simply go to their GYM or practice crossfit or something like that .
Super It is a great story where you can make a lot of friends you can fit together , but you all need your skills because it is easy to coinrrill the ball and while you are revaks on our field .
I recommend it to practice any splodt you smile and say 'efy seconc high speed exercising'
Thanks that now you do not regret it .
Will there be future transport ? Travelling by car be much more convenient ?
Many exaggerate about bus transport which is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
His composition will explain the two different opinions .
Rrstlky the xar is more convenient because there was previously
Also , unjid public transport such as buses and underground trains have never much more common and speed
Guree is a perception that a war can go over her freedom of choice .
On the website of the Scottish Government publication Young psoppe and transport a 12 to 14 geat old exclamation I prefer going in the car . It is quiet .
Third is nlr . As I know people around you . I fetfet zazr bvuse giy fna list to music in English .
Although there are many people liojts about private cars , they are also brgativive towards
Indeed , cxrs increase the pollution this new traffic congestion and it is very expensive for customers on my wage even now to drive walls aw wlenskve
Then just knowing a car or looking for your car insurance , etc
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Deutsche , but I did not work in Wdinburg
It’s a lot of fun , he said In this twist on the story , Ellie Chu , a shy straight-A student crafts
Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper . We do not pay a fee for public transport , but less is rare .
According to Yh Waigon Tmirs , there is a tragic accident which occurred on Plruvat carx .
The main reason is that the rare owned red drugs even driving
It is clear that if he's talked a boux or a raxi when they were drunk it would not cause as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the slope , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built public transport systems , so the traffic links have been decreased .
As a result , rye consumption has been increasing
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Trouv
Do you agree or disagree ? Always talking about the future is considered the most important thing in a relationship
Disagreement on who is telling the truth is the most important proof in a relationship will be my union .
Even though being honest is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting other feelings . He is unwise .
Another feature of no tripling or truth all the time is if it is a public personal matter , since it would rely like a way to manage colleagues or employees .
It is better to tell a little higher lie at tjkw kokeng
To illustrate the cisg point , ahovr could hurt one' s feelings by telling the truth two times
For example , if Snow Aoman Ypi is acquainted with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting your occupation .
People usually tend to start telling 2nd year trruyn air . It could cause bad feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may order her better things
In that vax the cold stick lies conversions without boiling her lip .
Yet one point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually try to keep them separate since most of the time it is strong and appropriate to ask someone too rich to people at work or even people that know just get acquired
If they are wondering about this , do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lir hwich usually do their matter tpi kudy .
If I had a day off to go to a doctor I would wonder whether people's love skin details because of my fate . I just ended up n
These used the raw portions of mine to tell gold eth or mot .
Last Friday , Michael and Iaz were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Even we were in the case , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Mickel closed off Dloe and Kwe at the moment he made a jistak .
Ehs to this were both called to meet as headmasters .
I could not understand why we decided to make GBS headscarf harder because Michael had closed the door .
Raw pro we won't break into pieces or rep delen
My curiosity had put me into a hog frouboe
I asked the manager in a local way and hopefully he could save me the answers I wanted .
However , things do not happen like what I hoped
I ended up getting expelled from school because the teacher in the classroom suspected Micaheo and I still for classste Sally 's wallet .
I could not imagine their teacher and friends also pointing at our family without giving any chance for us to spark up
I fully realise that everything needs a tap and we are now busy and inefficient , yet as we are not fed traps
We would draw our tears and wave our hands when we posted the school
Although in day paper the headmaster found pay and truth through DCFV if we reuse to return to the school and defined to change a new school as we do even if we go had those times , similar cases could happen by time
This is because the teacher has a baises mindset .
Cear US refugee camps
My name is Biwnda Padovesi and I once read ygiuf advertisement in the kh .
I think I am the right person for this job . First first , I speak fluent French , which is very important for communicating
Also , I need a good relationship with little kids . I used to look at my nieces and nephews , even the eedkends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work had
Furthermore , I am very creative as it is a cool aspect of myself as I can create new MC , entertaining games and new kids for a long time .
I like making puzzles or games which simply running a jumping , which is important for the kind of development
I am not good at looking at Evese . I never have time to dedicate time to that .
I think that if I wish and fear to do it , I would learn very fast ways to do it .
That is a good pity of mine . I learn them very fast and I can also give up to how things go .
I am not excited about you Mi , as I know you Msppu soon .
Banva
Day number 8
We were ready to go and find others . We went outside the shelter we built in a village in the wall next to the shelter and went home or if there was someone that needed supplies , he would time dime stupid and ask to subside
We started her journey and went in the clothes . There were a lot of 10 pints on us on various days this week . We could not do anything except get lonely girl . I was sending my little guy to Cimnish and many of us were allergic to some plants I was really pleased by the way he played No of course that cannot be the case No doubt you will be able to echo these sentiments Madam Commissioner I think that this publication will strengthen the visibility of the European Union in the field of human rights considerably
I thought maybe my gnostic centre was still immune to the infection . I could actually be a revolutionary if it helps everyone . Jaf was in my skeptick and I am really positive about it by not wanting I would not actually prescribe myself to think , but is it both the entire sirlc or just as a foo to the devision We in my younger days I did go in there and try to help sort out the prickly issues preventing us from adequately protecting the fast-disappearing magic of the natural world that we’ve all inherited including orcas and their main food source salmon
We needed to find the ones that were still led or at peas to help us stay haplened to everyone . He's a battle against hunger because everyone was hungry , so we haven't sat anything in a few days . A skylight at the top of the arc could lead us to two things one panther head and one human head as well as a scorpion's stinger raised above its more conventional horse's tail
We found a legacy and a rest room where we toured a rest and took a hike to clean ourselves
We led close to the phramacy There was no wakler inside , so we ran into my pharmacy and closed all the doors . Once I got up to check us in the morning , I needed to rest and just , Oh what am I going to do’
In my zone , traders are kept in railable lines and they are often overcrowded
But private traffic in this twist is as one predicts as the result etc . This is today's twj of GIAT , the well known factory .
Now to your home , there are many supermarkets in which glh danj easily that Yhoku like
When you have to lay a trelephje xm enedg bill you must do that in any tobacco shop at your home .
If you did shopping in two of four in 2020 , there was one by supermarkets which dropped many parts of the main street factories of Europe and abroad .
Pk apo the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granfes for each area of the building .
At the end , the two zr's pattern and they echo all the bit which is less krganiused and developed than the Dbgkish one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry , deserve to have a licence and deserve joy to be under constant observation .
To my libd there should be a board between paparazzi word of a privach of famous prose .
In my opinion , VKG tsars should be less relaxed and take some private time .
As far as I am concerned , there is no weak person who feels comfortable she is under surveillance of people who wear to take pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a point of celeb's own , so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability sphere of it with journalists following them all the time
These fragments of life without a shred of a dajera should be an opportunity to move like normal , not famous people .
I know that cricket celebrities sing vewlaning or ain't a op or a walk is shocking news for people who read taboos .
To my mind , they do not have celebs and such normal people as everyone of us with some money in their bank accounts .
So , as I can see , I agree with your statement that famous people who are recognizable deserve to have a private life where the ability to have an internal life should be less given to them
Trr Maze Reader
I directly watched the Jwa film based on one of the books by this world - known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
Theostwort of the global alkaline offered a series of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to cut this kkm .
The film starts by putting yourself in the age field of the main character , who is a year old boy whose fonda yimseld imprisoned in a coma was being spirited to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea where he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal form which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
And people so lices in the camp take up different roles , except to surgical and defend themselves from the mehade of the maxed
He took his rope of a runner , the people responsible for exploding the maxes to look for an atom of this place .
Wil Tdu only has the delightful taste to explore the maze . As soon as the sun goes red it becomes very dangerous .
The rim keeps getting geyter and getter as you watch it have exciting moments , yet the characters discover something that jiddem inside the masks .
I heartily refer it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent
I've been playing volleyball for 12 years now , now , hopefully many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that Galo or maolo yohe vohod play it as long as they are determined , so basically is a gods long son or everyone
I love the speed of volleyball more an gmi . It is quick and if you like Gpy , probably use something enough contact nalpene in less than a second and stick dgerylayer directly at the location of the ball in the amount of time . Then there is the intensity if you haven't seen aahs go until 32 30 and deduce good energy on the volleyball and hear from noise from the crowd you are missing l
Personally , within such a set maxes me esp like I would do anything bug with I do not . It still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to get higher . I nardsr pass an exam better and serve in different ways .
I live in New Mexico
My ex is very clear , very green .
People TEDS are dry Friwdy znb helpful
It is a good place to live
Kmd time pr ael on Wednesday Robibish are gone
Of course , garbage is turned into different hjbs
That is a pretty good idea because that's rubbish undergop a recycling
All my neighbors in the same way we collected garbage
Wvert bix are about peanliners in the front of the house and in my garden .
Especially spriging is a plot of clius and oleasant orders .
Jdq Eltham bas bewutiv pta shere yoh can relax from reush pla
Hearing me in my town is really fantasy .
I just flew away to Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni a pitsel fkn nead Xatania located under the Etnx vloca zoopes zje . I found that dedtaurang was easily the best I had eaten in
These were as rooms , moving room or non - smoking room .
The surrounding air ruati ydt it shall roll zikru qh cosy . The waters were very friendly and informative .
As I had seen my first Mkrwno and yis faghre , I went to see a good range of items on Gyw mdnu awr . I really liked Vietnamese beef . It's a berry fatty
All her imrediente written clear VTSH and of the highest quality .
One drive is not reasonable at all because this meal came to about fifty eruos per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
Hg I should remind you of the festival despite the fact that your meal was a little exoemsife and I will no doubt be back for your dinner .
Drjgs is a otpc with a kit of condoms
They have been present in our society since before
Cannabis , heroin speed are some examples of substances that are really well known to all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people eg Veljeev , that this issue could create any possible exclusion .
Nargination is a law with the illegality of this spirit
Kos , thus illiterality is not guilty of the aftraction of the drugs sustained by the majority of people straggling drugs , because when there is a strong wind this is usually the end result .
The rsao poroblek becomes when this retention becomes an addiction that can destroy your life .
I think everyone has moved to sell kinds of illegal drugs to have fun and enjoy friends or just to prove them and I do believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment with great things .
However , we have to be responsible and have to flee that it is only sometimes exceptional daily life . . It is very dangerous as people are not able to give deadlines to themselves
Finally , a legalization of savings means that debt could be taxable and we know how gas taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or big
Hi Shroos
Huag solunes gfeta I am so happy to bear fat you were coming to Swud Zrahia . I 'm glad to have been able to speed it for a long time .
Buy inlukiyl I am giving an exam on Tuesday , so I can not keep up , but you can tell me from the school at 130 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead on Apjamjaeh set them time right besdid the face of a university after getting DIWB FPM to hide you all fit the school on my right .
So excited to see him
Be for now
Nbohd
Dear Oes
Frysyoy Spqjn is arar ppzc fir holidays in summer
In the temple it is always sunny and depending on the edgoon it will rise
If he wants to serve some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to serve La Safad Camilia , which was built by Antoni Fadui or La Alambra in Vanada , Spain . is one of the seven wonders of the world
In advance you can go to cisjet osm museums like the Reina Zía or El Pradoi
On the other night , if you want to dew some wildlife you must visit Fbsrcrceno's National Park in Xabtabra ahay is plus a little safari or Dojzmx Nwtklnal Park which in that period you can see some migration bias
If I were this site I would do a complete summary to end dpxi . I worked at Tsag ir qeki in Dascj place and I rented a csr in order to move between the cities .
I recommended not taking warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer
Adrián
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simlson family .
It is today's child and is a typical American child .
He has yella skin and big eyes . is noted and Jaz got spiky hair .
Bare always sees a deed to a shirt or blue shorts
The most exhilarating thing for Star is to be the most popular student in his school . For you , too , he is always nervous .
His parents and the shcilo orincipzp often punish him .
Baqef is neurotic as a CSVSR student , but he is also a VSX student on the hayew jerks .
Although he is tarhee naughty , he has a heart of honor . He bek gika sietse wd she said by
In BD Solpsom fmkky lklo the characters add very funny
A lot of news today . The Sompsons is the biggest cartoon series in history and I absolutely regret
Dopr me Bhrt is funnier than Bomjdr , although most jagwins say that Hbomee is the best character .
It is is already raining rainy morning
I was not in a mood to go let anyone
Everything suggested that I should not get out of the house for quite a while
Suddenly there is a sav khokci on je doo
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who we even bother to pay me a visit during that bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly . Nah on my hands told me I had a larger friend , Mr Szwopn .
I was surprised . To be honest , I had not received a letter for months .
I oppose it in a checkl scanned paper tube
At first I had observed her letter customously , but then I noticed my uncle' s joy in it .
Although I was not fond of a single thing Ryos learned in his past will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to wonder what I would do with this amount of money ?
Ell us gas I have seen is good where I have been testing for the last ten years .
Actually , this organ is located in the kioddel of the lips of a river without water
I am very worried about where I am staying because everybody in in town is not bolted out rubbis thing they do every day .
First of all , they are dru did by nature .
They are reg cvasjalo with the environment and the importance of clean
So called people of good nature or inactivity . We talk to others about these or do anything for the betterment of our own own town .
Also , the holusehood nearby by lubkjc head through the durty thththhs rarely ever hear about the third of the municipality
I see how these do my morning walk .
So I feel that everyone else is staying in the town should at least keep their own front places and sides surrounds them
I am upset about it if whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their ceedback hut , yet it's also the same in name .
People were per - centre and very knowledgeable .
Throughout her life , becoming so calalere reducated nj in real sense they are still savage .
Esaf Mre Aejg
Yesterday I said in Green Pepper Cafe to a memo with colleagues 'So I have seen an advertisement for a nut weeks in your hand
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a tourist student and I need to work at weekends to do my studies .
I have kicked in her head in London as wetter in Nadd Rokco Cafe and for 6 months as waitstar Tsli in Varcom 's Cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience of service customer error and working only hours
I khopw hka to prepare different kinds of good sandwiches , fish and fried hamburgers , Italian atsa stf
I am also quite good at dealing with people . I have never had a domplint .
I had availability at wekndz and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , Polish and German .
Please arywched a copy of my CV which expands on my experience and achievements
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am glad to do an interview and it is convenient for you
Ghak yii ro yoru gime is conservation
Yours Cincerelpy
María Ouixx Castanead w Acubz
Nowadays , lychlic tajspodt has received a mixed pitch
The idea of making public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries . The US sea is protected in developing countries Lime Je Kjs I live in
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decade , reducing the number of people on public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their ocean varz is more convenient than voint in a sea full of people or even worse , the risk of travelling to the gym in a long audience .
Nevertheless , I may have another side to this reality .
There are people who can only afford to hang their own cars or they each afford to travel by other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where FX is so expensive that people choose to pay for and gee there are paying for a ruck task .
Similarly , a lamp in countries so low in trim run to these services bedsauss it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage help give it
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it in others where Greece will have it as long as their economy holds it
Please read easy first on vneao solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a rrni or a nn .
It is just bear your nose for your office .
You do not have to go to a station by blowing a varying weight or suffering the cajze of true din or the snow
Nor if you are sleepy or bored or simply do not like to drive , it can equal to taking public transport .
And also rejoice enjoy gj xab eelax listening to music and looking around or reading newspapers and books
Is the draw faster than public transport ?
It depends
New traffic can affect cars and buildings at zero level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses . Sometimes nusz azre fasr
Ppsedr rrsinw are akwaya from the 1970s
Speaking about nolnet Trasvellinj , by far , seems cheaper than public transport .
But if we consider all the expenses buying his case , paying for new insurance for modern cars , we're not so cheap .
In fact , in every project there are pros and cos
What agour the environment and fresh quality of life in its cigarettes
Public transport is absolutely bigger
So , even if travelling by car can be a victory at a personal level , transport has to be preferred by goods dealers as safely supported by motorists .
Informal letter of CAE LWRT 1
Dwar Islam
Thank you for your letter
I am delighted to hear you are thinking and working in the summer
From my experience working at the international company that organises mass festivals , I assure you that it will be of great use to us .
I am not sure , however , that house job ego meets all lease requirements .
In my case , the only opportunity I got got such as on the 22nd of July when they allowed for a relaxing dag at the festival .
Happily yk ekll gy ggw chance to craftise yjf English skikps
In my case , I had to retrain a good amount of EDS . XBDC also helps England's tourists to get through
Thokuyh if you are looking for additional work , you won't probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of my time was to take the old and mixed coffee in your mind .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I manage plenty of money , so I would not worry about having enough for a nid hilidag if I were home .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know
Take care of yourself
Fabricks
Our past few weeks have been really tough for Michaeo .
Tbus , who also lacked depth , attempted to get on gid nerves .
He went to sleep with it the sponde of a beggar .
Dl boe lmw thing is done as the person he is in lcer with is Jalka boy Angelija
The one , he states , is Anmgwlinz of wlikw . That is this problem .
He can not deump I have sat here for 30 years already waiting and talking about it .
We’re not good
Now he has to put a stop to this without hurting any host
So yes , the decision is made .
He broke up with her
Proganky or tomorrow
It is staked in such such an idiotic way
The rot of his room came opened . He took half of the balcony with just a little around the window . If Angolan authorities want to pop in to check at night or match up a cigarette , they must be given the means to do so ,
Mike can not really say shy . They ended up having ex lrehap at her . He was pissed at himself for not having balls to tend the gift he loved because of all the religious jswus amkikz 's family and so on , but this is what happened
And it is definitely the right thing to do .
At that moment , he did not realise that
Only at night , when Anhelknz later Michadl closed the odor off there , did he know he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Shee or Kdam
I am waiting to apply for the stock of a lumber company company currently advertised on the website .
At the time , I had passed through second year of secondary school , so I was waiting for the beginning of my fibao .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this , not a wish will be very solid in my future .
I speak English , German , Polish . As a coroner it is very hand
I am very sick of dealing with young people as long as I working at a salary cap .
Moreover , I wish to work as a volunteer at a school in Lombardy school . Once a week I would go to a local hall to see help children with their homework .
I am highlighting reliable and well organisations and I ask you to consider difficult situations I am told when it comes to entertainment people which have not yet come in very useful in my role as a former camp councellor
I am also an accomplished sportsman . I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my boss at this science camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for the York's post in an interview .
I look forward to hulking for golf
Your family
XY
All I up lying to ask about my school pive
I 'm Severenfeem ears alloc and I 'm an etymology student from Italy in the north .
I wish to be a great singer every day so I can decide to continue my studies at university .
I am glad everybody could prove it . I am glad hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I am studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I bed to know it well if I want to communicate with people from our countries .
Xcuoo is my liger I stuff agout we have research , especially maths zx electrons that are rgs sujbecised as I like jr .
My teachers are very happy at their jobs , so I hope to be like them .
The big problem in my class was the majority of my classmates ' group of hopefuo at school and they wasted time looking at school or time drinking at gomr
The thing that more money means is that they can look at time drain me show the other good students .
However , I do not get yhesl at all why you are very funny . I'm told people what they want .
Coming back to my area , I would like to carry on with my studies in London at Imperial College .
I hope to be at a Greek English level because next year I am going to take an intermediate critique of English and why I am trying to try water at this school even if I know why it is very difficult too . Global market share for processing has remained stable even as grindings increase to meet demand
Puerqutour A treaty experience to gouger muth
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do because the falodjes the kilox they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City in May ago and I had an old friend from high school Vicehet .
We discovered our fascination with food and R Puerquitour was born
Then a brainstorm about mszsl and ppes to view getwn
The first day started on an important day on Day
Apart from your place , we lost and we rewol enkoyee alambde al pasgir and grilled in it accompanied by old beers .
The Our honour is something to see the second week we saw it with Diana , one of my friends from Silver .
Agzun we af gcaos or tu itme gnesy wred special
Ybs nqm of this pollen is Taoca La Dhule . Tadps are gourmst there .
It means that why jaev drew tatsd of tlillaa vanilla strawberry chipotle nooao shr wljut amonb others and salsas yznarind buava mango gicamolke gcx
That idea did not findohs wirb fe Tcoe after a SKK in Eeorma and a long pause in how independent Zjel , we went to the movie theatre to watch the spy movie Reniid while we were CRDRS .
Tyifd dau qz oh , my favourite pool , is sooo nice and the decrooperation and even the attire of food waitresses majed yku gdel in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Comcea , offers bur potatoes in a bag of fresh women a lovely drink .
Totally recommended
Ms Azul Tedturant in the north of Mscicfo Ct . was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir
Szwafoo is delicfioys' three my recommendations - hrewadee shrip vusg filpet xs shrumkp Al Oadtr ah coconyt waat
Today day it was romle to est mklre tacos the place del Asxdero Hidalgo
You will be starving to hearing a molacjete by yourself . It is just you but for one person , so if you do not have breakfast , it is a good option or you can watch it with an amazing company , as I did
Do not forget to ask for a layer of beet
Almost a week in 2nd Puerquitour
This sidy dog was to celebrate Magda 's fourth , a friend from uigg school who had already prepared it to get the latter degree . She is the founder of Ficente Ak , is already in the USA the way I helped go to the UK
Because we made the food we celebrated eating in Melaze Poub
You can not go before and do not wear meneoax that is kikod huatache , buy giyge and very celicuous
s dessert
Jce met in Podzniebrs
Since it is almost six months on the ISS , we sent SKL dah together
Sevent xah srate utyh a rraoly nide breakfast gourmet enanswichyes and rose perap tsa
When we went to a book store and visited some bookstore downtown ,
Yywpan was to dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar to the good comments about it or just cut it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito y taditinao Al Patsor Special accompanied by black beer .
The last dish of the Puerquitour was finished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbicks and a long talk about nothing in everything .
I hope to spend some time doing what I like with people I love
Do not forget to laugh and enjoy Puerquitour
These first two chapters celebrated Cr Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja , introducing a young girl known as PL
Tyje did use bren raised by his admirer , a person who must bless Pio and his wife husband .
Zwdlh Pop gas no fopdyune in nn pozibley
Moreover , he is in a real ki with a terrible killer
Besides this , Oko seeks to be a funny and intelligent kid .
He does not use compke words when he thinks what he thinks when he narrates
Aldo os ufe would be perfect to create a dark fog based on the desirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits his tombstoes of his parents
Consequently , nobody would ever have to live his life but Ijinjk svrryobe would teach to few sadness , redeeming these happiness or rinxly lonely happiness .
At least I feel solrru flt him af I would like to find a bank actor who has a girl endint
He looks like a good guy the folks in hell and God Drvik is his sister
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonist , so the way to tell true actions is the reason why the story does not conflict with the reader .
Actually , the estimator is of plrotaglniat but telling the story as an axulf
And the author does not try to describe how the protagonist uses words with actions .
And Jarator did not have any description of the protagonist apart from his jokes
Also , the nature of Amiblu issues direct speech but he obou has indirect speech on a few occasions referring to his own words .
How exception can be used at the end of the first chapter where her animator sniped the thief wishing that he had to say he would get um rhnw fjod and that he should get him halffold bits of foid he wanted as he would come to work at the Battertt
of this , he just writes exactly what the characters say .
The voice is in fairly petom and uses a subjective point of view
He only knows where he is and he thinks about it , but he does not have any mysterious power
However , nis pisee could be anzoyzign and describe the situations but with a ruxy vocabulary and in a reflective way .
Also , he describes new paeemts in a hilarious way . Imagine his athas as a wqiare wearing a dark mab with curly black hair just pointing at their tomb .
This twist and creative thoughts were read all over the text accompanied by even more twists impressions like in GGS ens of GJS FKDET chapter when he describes the man whoole jm as being afraid of YBS dead bodies in the graveyard just because he was making himself sick
Beaidr tyhix , the character of Bovel Sedem , is inhospoy licoring a sad and boeing lus fattg pushes them to abuse our plrogahonist with the expansion of Iok .
Yj naratpr doez nhof makes an effort to determine psychologically or other characteristics . He focuses on their appearance
Actually , we only know that Ned Joe ties to make her hyhsbanc but her mother shelter and serve is worried about what their neighbors think about her rather than running about the person who was dying in his home .
The narrator deduced her as a warn a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
As we know that MD is a good job because the protagonist displays an as a child good natured eedet rendered easy - going and foolish , but that is not us who quit .
Wkos thr ay hue characters yal is supposed to be the way the narafpr writes
In fact , the diakhes of each quarter are n konger gan nlde tyhan two sentencdz with the khoy exception of the rhoef tag who talks about his partner in large long distances with complex structures .
The word of structure is widely used by his narrator gut ybe characters uzuakky take with short and spooky entertainment .
Gie 's entrance is an adventure of one nartaor at the beginning of the second chapter .
My sixter Ms Kr Gargry was more than twenty years old than me and had established a great reputation with herself and her neighbours because she'd brought me up by hand .
Having a gayiker to find out for myself , say something and knowing God to have a hard and heavy hair would to be much in the habit of kying it upon hard hands as well as hanging me . I supped up Joe Gargery and I served both brought up by hand
On the other hand , the dialages are simple XHD soter
Now here he said the question being whether we should be ketg to lay Yoi kis
What is a file ?
The 2nd ed
Smr ylh kmo what wittles is
Yes sir
Moreover , the oscilloscope used by the narrator is exposed to weather character's sax
Luo uses a rivu vocabulary using a loot of memorable verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by cocvreye gbings
The marsh loints on rye first chapyer is a good example .
Regardless , your djaloues are written exactly as they were
The third is to dye with
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic
Notwithstanding that , this novel 's narrative is about the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mystifying way , telling us what happened in a realistic story , without flashbacks
Fd story is narrated as it happens .
Trn's second catcher makes reference to fake fitness and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate
Ger nzrtatof reveals so much about it or how other characred guts he writes about the essential things we should know about the flu .
The thief disperses , but the first chapter ends with us curious about their new life .
Therefore , I do not know when the treaty will end
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be teased in these chapters
Kl Iq is that this stir will not give a happy night
Probably 30 to 40% will take lip to an unsigned accenture that will make hkk grow up faster
I should like to read a few words about Pip Jrs as he stars in the graveyard
Like another hrixko in the will an east toklvstone in his graveyards
I would like to read a story without rake , just a regular mah sho dks while he was prone to lagging
Obviously , this could be difficult as an nzrafor voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is working
This is obvious even when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a or
Consequently , Rdadung whose chapters are poetry if it is difficult to get what is going to happen or what what the author is trying to transmit .
If a story had a happy ending runs under a certain theme , wouldn't get over adversities if it is a cheap story .
Ajna knew that it was going to be a very specific task for her
Sue has been waiting so long for this key to jump
It was a fat when she was going to meet her biological mother
She knew when we adopted Dixe . She was 7 years old because her parents got out about it .
Sus Rdi he feels bad about it because his low goals aren't very much which he feels loved by the fans .
Arts of 18th birthday Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing it had opened to her biological mother a rod she gave Anna away
After finding the adoption , Papleda used a concentrated few actions on the agency .
Aeh convinced this oarh at the agency to kill her the head of the biklogical mother of a third pittke osetr hg bx a disease and asked to know if her physical mother would be a match for a king's portrait .
Even though it was a 'Olkefal' a lady gave dd Rhye some and now capturing one number of Sara Fuelding and biological jotbef
A month passed by . Gore ab had little courage to kill that nube .
He hesitated several times because he was jealous of his mother' s rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman opened the door .
At the beginning , Anna does not say amazing zus coios . both utter ab sounds
Vy then show awi Hrllo . My name is xbna nne . I think you are my mother .
Expected notet few seconds of silence Anna Levine She marched on Washington , got her law degree at 62 and beat cancer twice
They agreed to meet any act caught in the mark
She was keen to have so many answers to so many questions
Abn will be able to finance closer an important chapter in her pre 1960s . That is what we knew when it was going to be a very special way .
The Joe exciting day of my life
Last summer I was on Nlidau in Sarfdna in Italy with my family .
On my first ray I was very nabry because my parents did not talk with us . Ilzria was my best friend .
So I changed my nickname in I he wrote at Red Rock that Vli Sandman , a skjger was on Holidz in Srdgja Jed , my hotel .
I for him and my dream was to get by . I knew it was impossible if my parents did not want to send me to his gotek so I was sure .
Suddenly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people at my entrance when time cameras , but at that moment I thought he was making a vordo
hr I realised the niu at the center was not a simple boy . He was Felix .
So I found myself the crp and when he saw me he emiled
I was really lucky .
Then I went to hell and he for a photo with me .
He said there are a few houses and I said yud besg cat of my lectures skooking nim spme quedtiukns and singing night songs .
Syn he left eZ and bet alsi eeakloy happy .
This was certainly a very exciting part of my life .
Lanero the ebdr jzzy of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is Okberok Piazerz , located in my town neighborhood
As you know , he's fantastic , only know his oiaa is not to be hiox
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs from the South East
Re xlce is family drinking . a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only component is that there are many delicious chocolates on the yny . It is often difficult to decide which to order .
So far , I have never been disappointed .
To serve toku yst from ye Riw's Wind Salad it is a rshs flaourtfuo slaax which is derived from a bpql jde of okzza fust
As a jaih dsxj , you can not go wrong with some of their pizzas , all baked fresh to order in their auhentif Itlkjan oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious service is friendly and efficient .
The text is wishful , explaining the sum to customers
And the price of incredibly cheap is around 12000 dollars over zero for a different sixhez drinks and dessert .
I completely recommend fish's great reefurant to abandon what is propagated about great food and an even better value
I promise you we will not be disappointed .
The best causes that you've leoppe in Dublin
This report looks at the best plans to invest in Dublin for young people from different countries .
It is based on a survey of young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent student in the area .
It seemed Gus Mamorig of Gnose surveyed are of rich opinion that the brosy place to visit dl ygiyng Pelol would be Tempe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of activities , like museums , a Calknela , a large glasses garden etc and pubs to choose greoj
The Johnnke Fpc Pub a highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music and watch dancers perform the easy new meal in begone
The Opdon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D , 3D and 3D with a discount for students on Wednesday
Yyr Sublin WW Uddeum was suggested by many students
Severap people say that Natkonal Notani Yzrdeb is now the best place for students to meet and end up with kutdoks
On trains , while there is activters to take part in QNs , there are many places to visit depending on students' experiences and finances available to them .
It is red that people everywhere like weight in sports .
Eloports was being admired by young people and imprinted as a model of behaviour on young kids .
In this essay , both sides of a position stand above can be analyzed , but my own perspective is provided .
From the point of view , 100000 total athletes and body models to emulate for several reasons .
Family watching or scared of such athletes twenager start to desire to be like their idols are to follow professional sports
This means they will want to play sport which is essential for their health .
Socially doom sports also teach priceked life lessons euchy as discipline in dealing with success and failure
The importance of working hard to achieve salaries and practicing regularly to become fluent at something is also demonstrated by professional staffmen .
This is a gold emptypped look you threw at you
From another perspective , some fijes processional athlestonees and mltf bood orls nieels
Firstly , a sport has become this .
Mamy sports rivals were only concerned about money and games .
This form of adokescents to believe his joy and fame are an important partner of sports kind of learning how to do so and viewing the tub of the game or the competition .
Secondly or are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly
For example , a time frame drugs or cancer in order to act at long doses .
It goes without saying that this kind of behagkod sends the wrong messenger to ghed ykung
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages with respect to professional sportsmen , as blood rples kodew rlt yoymb pedoipel
I am glad to be one of the professionals . This will be an excellent rally mode for the tournament as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Djckea amc yhs Bdintr sisters did the same style eealistu style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live . Dicke's the city of London gioe He brings the natural landscape of Yorkshire
Dickens 's Charlotte Brontn often used the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is diverging . In fact , Dixke's style is that of superficial realism in which the iixes atuoe znc xojedy link characters , thus tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to lortfall eg the Bronte sisters is a realistic way . Based on its report , the Kerala Legislative Assembly approved the corporation's formation
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of csi and fherd meat in the Suroean country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , 15 to oralol fish and sea consumption dipped from nearly 60 per day per person week to roughly 230 grams per person per week week
From the 4 which ate 3 of them remains a fishery decline with the exception of chosen consumption which is rounded via the 25 - year period
Only fxg consymptuo someheee litls change ryrijg nr period beginning and ending at approximately tr . Szake has a level of 52 grams lsr presno lwr sew
Goth lal vonsumppn and the category labelling have had a decline trend between 1979 Qjc 204 , although there maintained a decrease overall , with pamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per pesoh per week in 1979 compared to just over 50 grams per Pesoh per year in 2004 a new consumption falling of around 230 grams per person per week Peak accelerations can be increased by designing the vehicle with a reduced mass usually achieved by a reduction in the fuel load and tankage and associated structures but obviously this reduces range delta-v and burn time
Chicken consumption as a few source of meat consumption which elaborated table climb from 150 grams of pees per week to herd herd consumption of 250 lit person per year .
Oberasll It is evident from the graph that he does not devlibs others do because he remained stable consumption over the 25 year span
Dwa Mr MrRifield
My name is Dororry Lvarov
I am a postdoc in the Russian Cancer Research Center
Pid lab aortks along with Alrcus Gervieux on his study of artistic
Reenflh he visited Nosciw and while we've been having conversations I've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on a postdoc position .
And unlike my great interest is in developing my skills in microscopy and genetic image analysis while working in the field of full biology , Alex told me to try and contact you
If conservation with Alexos , we visited our own publications all support the suggestion that working in your work apparently isode valuable opportunities to master technology or research skills .
Up to manage the participation in the policing system
My own website is dedicated to the string of changes in cell feel contacts and in a gun cytoskeleton form take place during nsoplestone transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlket I is a publication in KKA her rich description of fissile similarities in organization and regulation of adherence particles associated with dieent ypx of WTKN bundles in normal and transformed epirhelisllw
Therdaftd I study the accumulation of various zygih bimdkng proteins or actin formed within zdhdrenxe junction in mormxo wmnsgormef ceklsz
In the course of this investigation I obtained some promising results which I am delighted to report on the CWGS MBO conference which will take place in Paris at the end of September
So I am preparing materials for my next publication .
Yours responsibly
Smyty Labtov
PS Members axs my CV and a copy of my paid in a new attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
PS There is my CV or a copy of my paper in my attachment
I am writing about an important historical piece which is my favourite note . I am referring to Lygo city
I visited Lugo last summer and I photographed myself .
Iqljed through the opf ciu through its beautiful swuzrez sjf parix hx . I visited its numerous churches , including one cathedral .
There are a lot of places worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Walk , which was declared a proposed UMSSCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Walk in the old town that is complete
I think that Puhi is very beautiful .
There are a lot of ships where tourists and visitors can buy seouvenirds The theatre , many restaurants were yuo w dikicioos was typical diowhea . example , octopus
In Oslo , many traditional oadteis and festivals take place
The most important thing , I can explain Zzb Froipán ajc and Luxus
Vdo 4th to 12th October jog off its San Foiulán Gkeetas
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of the National Fouhrisf Interest
The festival is dedicated to the city' s patron saint and it shows traditional Yalixian costumes and fololer
Another important factor in Ouo is Aedes Lixuys
It is celebrated in Iran
During this festival , Ougo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can do Rtomka circus , Classic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events , takibyce and musical leokploe . We view gesto period costumes such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recklled you guess Lugo in June because Arde Lucus perished
You amny traditional Doka customs and Roman life in New Lufus .
Luigo is an incredible city and it is important as the home of my foiuntru because it is full of hostorucal places festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spzin , such as the Cdotic period when the Roman period
The bigger two cities are bigger Gue prihlsm .
Gyed , which is gns , is the largest urban agfloleration in the county , producing very large amounts of waste .
Coth X has no specific date dollar plan but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July
Despite that , there are a few plans to increase the green ash and revitalize the town
The digt is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council' s goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council' s six friendly proposals .
In a survey the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 doubled . 86 of it was discarded inadequately
This is due to the poor effect of this recycling works rovdam on the depression problem .
City X incinerates hospital revenue in accordance with spikegap requirements of 35% and 7 year garbage reduction to recycling vactories
The ecycin factories have an entire amount at its municipality to sort waste and , as a result , 20 less than last year .
The program represents 2 of the employment in 2020 , but it needs to expand
Your city has many pdljecgs such as gh kwrpo . it clewn modern beauty whose goal is to promote proper disposal in public areas .
Another important one is let us make it grammar xponisable increasing her green areas within Forbes city in 1503 during the long two years consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
The other crucial activity is Green Communities , currently carrying 38 of the total amount of contaminated vegetables in the metropoliganj area .
A multimocipal waste policy that integrates private or public sectors and the community is required to solve this current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a cultural and sustainable commerce of recycled resources .
The increase of greenhouse gases represents a significant improvement in the quality of life , according to the UWEDX report of 2012 nax qlsl git in 16 of 20 requirements of a chair of gu fythfe
Next year a Recycliny Worfms 2020 problem will be resolved by this check of training which can be resolved by training officers in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and staffing university because you can have lots of job experience .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can cut a nut and earn money because you sign unity
Moteovskr zmetimea people go tited when they find school because of bad luck , so you need to get some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Zua , Thailand or China .
You'd to eq much more if you want to travel , so you can find Rok and the ffabel
You come and work as a worker or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do not , you often get what the gender learner in school
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you meet , so that is a big idea , especially if you find a job related to what you want to get .
We live in a goms where everything changes quickly .
A technological development lets people believe that in the future everything will be a reality in science fiction movies .
We are all surrounded by machines or robots .
We all have an opportunity to check on which point we want to set
And why about buses ?
Will people' s homes be different or still for sale
imagine the future I see everything different .
We want a humane and futuristic project of sounds will be a lost dream .
Fue luses will guide , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
One of them might be time hpped down
Sometimes they will be named kind of a modern wig , so it will be hard to describe a djape .
And what about neighbors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
Ryeg elp probably does everything ckab cokkk reminds us , yet we have to do and also speak with an average human .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a coma
Everything will be artificial if unczy
That is how I see the hand of the tuturfed
Tlad to hear that you've been invited to attend the last round of the interview and I'm happy
I really try to wish you some way
To make sure to hear the position successfully here we have useful advice as information though much as to know
At an interview , a long interview , a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
First drrin as poroperk as opseibpe
Businesslike suits and yiwz fit in a week with bad form
Suggable Dessung came across as effective and reprehensible
Seconx isn't punctual
Intervoewers gaxvs to operate on a tight schedule , so they are not willing to spare less jolfe minute to wait for a candidate he says Had they been the Pats back in the day , you wouldn’t have even considered demoting them
Third , being prepared
As the child's skin goes , sheep 's prepade is yaf pne
You are expected to know about our coach and ask proper sudstion was related differently to intervisers
If you can serve as mkudh knw sbot pyr lmpanu as you chop up crobt , you really got a chance to try ktervie .
Since you've applied for a sale session in its wapers department , 5 alee managers will be interviewing you .
He started off his career as an accountant if he was up to drawing twin numbers all long time .
Pkus he is willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the same department two years ago .
He was promoted very quickly , despite him always bringing forth new news and facilitating the reform and development in the department .
In yia ryes when ventns most is held trx reedor xbs yjw capabiliteiz shwn in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you sound questions like what you achieved and how you feel about your last job .
I nip whilst I know Xhobe who will be of enormous help to us .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Live
It�
Esar Xr or Laram
I sit in Vonnedtiom with a huge advertisement regarding UOVX at summer Canos XKK on the JAA
Sics My mother tongue is English , albeit of the Bittieh farmit when I am generally treated as a chef , energetic and hardworking . I believe I am a wuitaboe candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a passenger , I supervised a Good Chn pack of eight to feel that the old winter town organized sports the evolving activities for young people , like hunting and paper chases .
Moreover , I was an unjdergeaduate I spent my summer working in gje Collgee Cajteen as a kmixhen jpp . We progressed to the position of colj .
Because of kkk fhw above points , I think I am a suitable person to do the show .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andred 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet he often fikes being overly respectful . Jay plag against Hun Maffhohgg . He had gained the support of all the people he had worked with . Some of them suggested he should build up his self confidence rather than end up attempting to cover everyone' s back and taking ownership . I hesitate to ask about sexuality in interviews
If I had my own language school , I would first be in light . The main goal being public awareness of my language school and the services it would provide .
Then I would gather some information about the market . That is to say economic fees , population statistics such as as gender and family tax , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my project to improve my performance my appeal to kind customers .
After that , I would allow a list of large matters and device some strategies to attract time
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people' s fitness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my alnguah dance on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings
Instead , if my goal was to increase young awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses would prove successful .
However , if the target markets serve not 10 young people and adults , offering discounts to family groups would be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified rsafhers - to sign an attractive de rrasonbld price for the services I would provide
Last week not least , I tested ideas and approaches on customwra ncff to make sure that my marketing was successful .
Wbd ui
Hace hope thinking about how you can promote your language clients for disaster .
I challenge you to think about it . I tyr it .
According to recent reddaech there is no doubt that natural gas drilling , natural gas pipelines ash undergriunde storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the licap communities .
People who live in bad areas of naturalxx infrastructure earn from a week to several percent , more than half in other regions where such an infrastructure freeze is not expected .
Another advantage is that the developing natural gas industry equals jew jew jew . Why what is profitable for people living in whereabouts ?
Exploration of extraction of gas shale gas work creates lots of new jobs in very different branches connected to an industry for investment in exploration mining products and disruption of sugar .
We can't ignore the fat that occupies which clooer are south . This infrastructure will also create vacant jobs .
Even if companies fail to bring engineers and specialists quickly from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job positions in gastronomy such as rye need to wear and sleep somewhere
According to one dynamics of the development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research writing Yowx or Poland can benefit from restructuring and developing the infrastructure of electric gas
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
Even planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are fond of the kind dilemma of walking to a place to visit
Vosung where to go in Greece can be seen as there were so many choices .
There are the same travel destinations as dictionary stand or such as Santorini .
Xyndy beachds crysyll cleaf waters and the friendly oofasl zee k rhw pngings that draw it at feij later users
Sanyodini zzo has a volcano which is a spectravulae sighgg even though exploring it can be dangerous .
Another peak worth visiting in Greece is Athwja
Believe it or be , Athehs are some of the beautiful cuyiss in the world .
Fd Poarthenon the Acropolis Myseu was his district of Monatiraki and used a copy of the ninth that proposes love about Athens .
Kawy hut , not least Crete , is one of the most populous islands in Greece
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being a larger island in Gresfe peoll van than the wild poefs OARKS , these things are extremely fun .
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country for visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard ,
Our question is whether it is better to prepare for a long time before he csm or if a few days is going to be enough
In my personal experience , I believe that it is much better to prepare for a long life before any ex you may have in your mind .
It is quite important to be organized to get the goods since you face best in your exam .
For example , one day , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus review them twice
One poem tequered my commitment to around 12000 pounds study CP and 3000 comments
For the years so good perfect discilpind I was able to score a very high score in my Surrey finals .
If I had not had zudh an organized lkna I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to qrf is not being assessed before the big team night .
It is quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and bervohs whose extremes are approval
What is bir herds at zok is having anxiety due to the olesthors of studies they haven't finished and are known in kuir size .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I saw ignorance enough to explain my studies so that I still had enough money to pay for my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I had insomnia my gift of my own . It was not enough that I was not well prepared , but I asked my friends not to die and that affected my cousins tremendously .
Efed said I do everything in mind you in order to be openly stressed who best helps
Moreover , if I sin at getting hushy snow , I assert that memorising his rtaios is important .
If you do not srarr xtuduin efire ezam at an appropriate time , you will know have enough time to know the bad's likes of the subspecies ie rise qip nveer helo . You soak the details and understand the concepts coming beyond every single door
They will do you a lot even if they do not get this chance to revise everything before you ej
I can recall that you know I was quoted before my story essay . I can only go through the main titles of each game without going through the details .
In the exam I had the sensation where it differed describing a concept amazing I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had only practiced and memorized the ring concept before then , I was able to remember it .
It was just flying without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to remember a practice at our prarj is going to help to a leap in your ego .
In sum , I believe hyag swtijb a sehesuoe to ease a long - time preparation plan is much better than having only 1 sq day to get prepared . If you want to try to stop this kind of transmission , you should start doing so on day one if possible
Do not give you two worth rating the highest scores he could aim at .
In my opinion , a nuclear energy bar has its chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is not bad for the environment .
Food fargon eioxore emissions is vsu amaol
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear plants aren't getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fosko fuls
Energy which we get from sum up wind is still free in a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , policy and construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive
If we have a point , making energy from that is a goal .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear plant is hiring qualified personnel
Bhesisea we need something that can work at the yum .
It can not stop making the noise which this weather makes because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run kind of over there , entire cities could plunge through chaos and this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is the only South America city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean
Lim was founded by Francis Fl Pazarro in 1535 as Coudsad de l' Reyes
Lima has a mulgiculturap tradition , often coined a complex group of racial and ethnic groups led by European Peruvians , who were the second largest group in the north , including Aymara and Quschua and Afro-speaking communities in the south .
Lima is a very good example of colonization ommigration through indigenous inlhenes such as the stay of Lds Hixpwnoc oetacu JTG architectural movements cwllre Huacas
The Histif Cejre of Lilx was declared a lost Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city rich in meeos of history through amazing architectural like bwlcobies chirces koie San Frandisl Dhurcu hwidh as mysterious suberranean catacombs el Rrzlk Feoiple , which is the largest incedible Spansih fortress . through their displays as well as arjivak day . You can enjoy this particular intense and peaceful festival because you can also visit old town especially for Gioelia ice-cream From today the Commission has a clear policy It is now up to the Member States
Lijz is a beautiful city of contrast where Yluh can find a dress of his former modern side nusine places
Archaeological sites , beaches vallerts natural reserves and exquoxed ciusine gocs Pery 's capital a wughenic personality and sightings in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely 10 km is a spectacular and charming high to spend your effort
Hi Usnw
time you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I have done some research to further find the best savings account for you .
Slowly you do find a few suggestions .
If you go in my way , you've quite a good choice for him .
Firstly , the new rate of interest is 31 31 , which is white gun
Additionally , if you own an evolving account in that bank , you will for a day as a bidy .
If you do not need to launch a clan charge for having a credit card
Unfortunately , a big bank does not have a branch in Britain .
And also , banning operations must be done by some
The second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank gza mnazny branches in the UK levr 650 so ylu ac mxek slk nahk operators on dkr .
But there is a service where the voice owns a credit card plus 12 years
You do also get fit as a new account , however a fuylo of saucepans do you really need .
Qok in po I would recommend hpu to open to first serving count in yys Pohne Hnl since the fat of interest is higher because you do not need to pay annual charges .
And eoiny operations by phone make company very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your skills .
The final decision is yes .
ake cfr ns see yly verh apoh
Yours Agnieszka
To 15 gk6gaohocmo
Fln Sokkyzjolcom
Subject An important thing to do
My dear Paul
I am writing to fell you gk hppy . I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen performer to deal with her sound recording at Lydy Gagb 's nursery .
It must have been my view that Kaeiud Nomo shuk recommended me for this service .
I could not believe my ears when the phone's rung and I answered 'and they said they wanted me to get to this concert as soon as possible to be good . I was in sound recording'
What can I do ?
It has been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised through this that I was to do the world such a great important task in the world music industry .
I am glad that one ward was witnessed at my service
I can hardly wait for you to see go on to share my happiness and to tell you all the details of my unique experience .
Yolues
Konut
I have been skiing for just of lore and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I saw six with equipment that was safe compared to what my sister used days
Every day as soon as I wake up , I look forward to my morning on my spoppew
My parents would take me to a gengle still with my mother to save us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
Be perarure safe after developing derrs below zero and you would freeze if you did not keep moving up and down the red slope .
My father showed a natural talent for sport , but I got quite uncomfortable , he said .
Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a great export but I would recommend starting as a ciof training a lussos with an experienced instructor who is with the right equipment .
After such years of rigorous high school projects and vast differences , I find no doubt that for preferences I have separated above , we hit accession .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
Gor subjects I 've pursued at my high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize put into perspective the knowledge of understanding businesses' downturns , which gave me a solid academic foundation .
I have always participated in various rural works and layas projects in high school .
I am planning to gain admission to a new university in my house in order to obtain a bachelor' s degree .
I love to associate Quiru with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors who need to receive a full - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I have selected over
Scademically , I wish to be a very determined studio individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the harshness necessary in order to achieve a bachelor' s degree .
I also have an indubitano system for exta curricula activities .
I was gd president of the Business Sutdebt Association SzZ Geas Vlg senior director nog ams captain of a high soccer school .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a mixed field role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected , above all , provides me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business straight as well as drop free communication organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high schools
After I heard about his Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to ask for some research on the Czech Republic before taking any step in writing
I find the great Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid soxio changes of transformation , making it a fascinating place to fit the system of azby dance to study in 2010
Cern universities provide high standards of education . Internationally recognized degrees on campuses with outstanding facilities see an affordable education status friendly intelligent individual diversity .
I believe that I shall have four opportunities to express modernity as we transition into one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Alve skl for high quality education will ask me deeply about the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
Apso 2020 education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and pupils go on strike crequebety and pearling in parts of Nigeria are not safe .
Rigg iw I am generally looking forward to the challenges of a universal life , academically , social and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to keep new business concepts dropped with my permission off for a period of three weeks a Community service - which will take me a competent addition to the list of my proposed colleagues - I invite the European Parliament to help the Commission ensure that there is enough money to make that action plan a reality and to make sure that it genuinely meets the needs of those sugar-dependent ACP countries with whom we have had such an important historical relationship a relationship we want to carry over as meaningfully to the future and to help us ensure that that budgetary allocation is sustained
I believe that I can give a positive contribution to my proposed diversity as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment by 2020
In conclusion , I can assure you that I am a capable and educated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate whilst at the same time contributing extremely to my proposed university in some ways the other
A skg is man' s worst friend .
It is a well known fact that people tend to have communication in other ways .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into their society .
This means solace in someone who lost would flee mid comrortfanle with
The gesy demonpl is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
Eif 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly ubbnlu zne in a good nooc they grew up to depend on
They fed when their mazt is sad and react by cuedling up to them
It makes people furious , although their loved ones do concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog' s optimism is by far the hardest example to bring back a smile to people' s faces .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These heavy voyr legged animals are not very protective
One of the guest members is to watch out their human family
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately die by barking at a person or think that money caused it .
Gg strlngef gur bond between ranges dig and her owner to improve the dog' s function be
It is believed that dogs receive a lot of attention , which is not true
Dys are really not that safe to take care of both when grooming do not need to be roger ready . They just need to get fed and work regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need calm physical activity .
So having a few could remind them to choose a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pleats
I only do any project to from anything that claims do you nau yafl but their amazing personality and the love they ahoe to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loses their light they would then like to pay attention to them because Geh is truly Jaq 's first friend .
Hi Jim
It is just to your full you I will give you many details and my experience on a Solw Kiz adventure in some of the least well known centres in my country .
First of all , we sat here a tiring assult course which consists of climbing up pretty high walls or clearing through different obstacles .
Although it kept me feeling exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was lucky enough to finish the exercise without having it orlblsm However , you may need to do a little like it mate before embarking on rhia activity .
Rick climbing was another of the challenges I wanted to face .
Despite the fact that it returned to be better than I had expected , I managed to achieve the result .
You can't imagine . Erwadong is the feeling of heijb on the top of the mountain Scyer shu a nj evott
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing or at least likely to feel heated at first . My ukyr confidence will be built up quickly due to your constant support of your teachers
One of the pt activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do not want to miss out on this greatest opportunity to 1000 full - hour trainers since you are jighly qualified
me , I strongly believe that Hoi would have a great gmier there if I found out that the coaches met with the stage rules , so you will enjoy it a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this century is really worth a list
Seote soon and let me know if you need to do anything else
With bed wet wiges
Sara
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the end of my room
I chose the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right . it was in Paris
My mother wrote to me three months ago
Since he left for Pafie last year , I had been living in the school residence which was not cheerful at will , which made me feel really depressed .
But I was hedger at last , so I started to read it immediately .
I'll me that when I wait for the holidays I have to pay my dear a plane ticket to Paris as I am going to visit her for at least a month because we'll miss missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had not forgotten me
I had never traveled to Europe , so I was really nervous about it , but it would be great to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my lover in his citg lobe
Dear Madam
The Appointment was the post of Chief Yhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to another real gang pos of Chief Chineseriot hoisted at jolsbXB on 26 October 2015
I am a tradut of the Chinese nobility of Hong Kong
I am deficient in Chinese languages , Cantonese and Msdnarij and have led to Msnarij experience in the publication industry .
Currently , I am working in a space as an editor
I am an aggressive , creative , careful person with no work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work with colleagues presenyable worthy of a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached Please find my resume the pirtrolio fold your reference
Please feel free to contact me by hand on 1234545678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I too wanted to learn from you soon .
Yokuts faitloy
hen Ki Tsou
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the key driver to the young labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to lose in homes choosing a solution for their children' s education
Although homeschooling may be , according to some of these parents ' opinions , a board course it
Is a path not suitable for everybody' s cars said that allows us to send other drivers
Homsschooling should , however , be considered a world - wide phenomenon in the societies of a given country , the UK .
Camara and especially by USA can board
There are lots of countries that do not
Adapt homeschooling as a legal alternative so that and others wonder if it is instead an island halting
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a legal vafu in light of your constitutional right to decide
In Education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning
Homeschooin may also draw up time cut contemporary activities such as music aporgs and even the family route
Homeschooled students ' excess is being broken up by 2nd results on standardized terms and 3rd region of prestibiius universalisirs
Now though before homeschooling your kids , you will also have to volunteer the same number of roadblocks
Any lack of facilities or expertise or no high social obligation for their children end up being a frustrated parent but enough money to ask if met
As far as I am concerned , I want to talk about homework as a way to call for education
Systems
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do one of the eight skills .
As traditional education tends to be discouraged , he tecdologized it as the
Solution 2 and closed lesarnancy is the future .
geographic and natural environment around the building sector as well as fresh neighbourhood would be taken into consideration while dedigning houses of the future .
Obvioyaky This future sko indicates a OH's weight the technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms such as earthquake'ss hurricanes , folods people snoyld have their houses built of constant materials .
Steel or concrete catalyres would give the desired effect on a particular matter .
Environmentally friendly birds will be deeply on the dtawig board
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days MT to menfokn sklights and wlla pansa on the rocks , which is more me more popular these days
Moreover , split energy colled methods ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort in near efficiency
Jwn ouysing isese such as population growth will be solved by exploring some brq areas
Yet it is building castles in terms of 2000 city houseboats of spartmengs situated above city streets is a perfect option to use up waste that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would spend millions on gas to modernize their frasncy houses and brag about it to neighbors , they will still need a warm cozy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that is a minor change even if they lived in a concrete ivory tanker .
Catch it or lose it
The zlohx zbc the diagram of a good team is frust
That is the most important limit if you want to play handball .
Gpu must be able to throw the apo only to hold TEAKWWW as he has to watch it .
Otherwise the captain would have the courage to deny a boat
Ar Yti is a real team player .
Handball is one of the most dunamic sports in this whole
Over some longer can be made all together in xixsty minutes if ng evh koprw
This shows how rapidly a game can change
One life book kah Mkae to walk the loser of a gnaw game
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was not a hobby either . This year it became language .
What I lost most about this sport is eh some make a great unconditional federal split
If you set to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do not forget true fun .
Troaflo A fanohs sports throughout the world
It seems as if recently society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extreme hopes we have for working pet day and as a way of relaxing , we are doing a soorg as an effective way of taking the weight off our bodies .
In the past 10 , we have seen many people jumping the cyck . These days , however , it is in their morning goods going to work or even arrested .
Despiter these are the most oopupar sprrsa amongst such many later sr idt as interesting and probable .
Part of them is Yriathloh , which is my favourite port .
It doesn't consist of a picture between three different sports , like cycling and jogging azbe . As a result , it can be extremely demanding .
The thing I enjoy most about it is being able to practice it anyway , which means I don't do it near home instead of having to go to a split center
It also means I can close the door to all that pleases me . I therefore fully enjoy the time when doing it .
Triayhlon has become more popular over the past few years , so I am more poelle and eager to try it .
Theredfords , it is crucial to understand that , apart from sound , a demanding sphere requires it is important to establish speed gains in words to keep motivated .
You must not pay yourself much for
A bozo ydar between XMX college sounds like the best idea to go through that that did not decide what they wanted to study .
However , there are some assumptions where it should be veeryome or nlf ?
Fiddy I would like to not turn our arguments in favour of the year 2000
Nor doubt the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gp seat to earn money to help with my bills is not work .
But that is , of course , no reason to have gear .
Most people think of this year is travelling to their countries and amped zero will form at dates bit fgie is np so you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work so you may become a better person .
On the German Hans kjy tderns who took a year off EJ up to amend it in the WEPH ewu
For example , I think people might hone ng as they're expected at multiple rqsos such as not having enoff myself or getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have a plaid and know that they have a possibility to do something useful . Why give time
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am voting to take just a minute of your time to explain how hard it benefits our organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and fibap of a degree in tourism at the University of the Woddl Heritage City of Caceres which is located in Pxi .
In my third year , I did my job as a revetiohist in a famous sats hotel for 2 months or a half in Badajoz .
I really have snap with losing close to customers and an avid understanding of front desk operations
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be inculcated to the company
I am flexible , a good town player and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to soak English fluently and I have a pre intermediate style of Italian as well .
Knowing about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I went to in order to discover ba olacez and cultures .
I love meeting meet people in other countries . We change languages .
You can only contact me through Facebook , Instagram or just call me on 659 1234 56
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen
Farmad Giles of Haz is a fantastic story written by JR Toloien
Rest in England in the past centuries of the Middle Ages . gj Stody is put to the adventures of Gipes , a carrier of the cillag of Hm , who becomes a hero against nos wkshe by dedeating a hinaf .
When the dragon Chysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything he is wet twice against him , a bitpy managing to defeat ykk thanks to the magic of Tailbirer or alwoi invoking a huge treasure .
At the end of Fe , Rory Hioew becomes an independent king .
I liked it a lot , mostly because I love vanfas stofiers especially Tlkienh 's olnssz Three , be it me to watch uniferse kiing me corget every zu s lufr
Consequently , it is very original because it is a poem parody of traditional legends . The rep is an ordinary poem . It reveals fdadu al imperfect and ckashrs aer wo with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend it to everybody because it is funny and advehfurouis zt Tolokis 's ironic stories based upon the formal use of Latin words make it extremely pleasant to read .
Deq Xi or Msdam
I am writing this paper to apply for the position in Sun Zukmerd camp which I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in EU educational institutions or in the local Cs
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in yhology and received high degrees in both my Tescgin school supervising courses .
In addition , we are to have a year of volunteering in your supervising environment in preparation for our wedding , so I am able to be a member of our well - silled staff
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor my tutor
In the last 10 years , I have been a worker in the Aput Organization helping the manager to organize activities for children .
Their experience has given me true agility to cope with the needs of all types of chilseeh' personality
I have a friendly , happy personality jx and trust I never' chalenbes of working in youth environments .
In addition , my study experience has taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I also wanted to borrow money from my
You're fithrully
Hboime Sawicki
Deos leaving road toped nn
In my kpjnkon yavelling does nroade your njnf
When with differentxes good time to draw different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling has due to develop as a person in many ways .
RT dampold if hluh orrn another language different for yiur in kbd . Even if it is only a few basic sentences , Goku z communicate with people from dufereny areas and ygo ikpeovs your confidence
Travel also helps to dry the dry air in which other people live to see that their way of living is not as only one tag exists
To help , you have to understand that in every home he gives many things he has access to too and to realise that he appreciates tics such as smartphones , computers , dolls or even fresh water , which is a basic resource as we tend to take our time to everyone can have eoeie wierdness even though this is no longer true
Besides , when we go to different places , we see there are 3rd mm of different cultures and divide greatly from our high culture what we draw different from in another human's age .
For all of his feasobs I still travelling really broadens your nknf
I want to build my career as a fully qualified researcher and academician
To fulfill a dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential first step .
I am just as interested in pursuing my PhD in Theorstical and Commercial Chemistry
I have a wish to study today's equilibrium properties of the condensed pgazd system
I would also like to frry out my PhD research in the development of transition jeral complexes which can be used as dejg against several hala isers as cosmology maerkals as photonic and optometronic materials in febices
I find Analtic Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the most interesting fields of chemistry regardless of their numerous applications
I believe that I have the wrong orientation in intellectual capability to build a career in ones of the previous mentioned ideas .
After my LX 2 , I all returned to my country and continued my teaching as well as researching senior students of University of Barksak .
There is no venue for public transport
Yue nhumber of cawfs ghrla up fapidky however the public grandwort is still in use .
Especially in a few cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In certain cities it is even forbidden to drive through their city center , so there is special permission , so there is no fixed adoption than a public pastor
But what is more convenient kn cf or public transport ?
So it depends when you travel in your own car , you are independent .
You do not have to go out the schbedule hpu or a drkvr so it is a decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in meacs
You can listen to pop music or radio
Gpuy as the girls
However , as a driver , kwags have to be careful as much as possible on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , YPID OW cd is the new solution
It allows it to see much more of you .
But think about the costs
You'll hit gu y rot a petrol nowadays .
Cosnidet as well as mant days do not have flacers
Mazhbe gas airlines are better
Being back to our everyday life
Most of us live in van cireis and face problems with yye traffic .
What if we use your public refund to try to write
Well though you do not dare to worry about your parking soaxs and ly red motorbolos on their way to zero .
Similarly , too , you can use the way to proxy as an additional year to yourself
What else
After World , fj went for a dijk with my colleagues .
Qj if true ecology is important for yhoky jusg think about ygliputin
Let us feel once again , is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion , there is
Is travelling on a motor's conscience ?
Well , it ends
Why gain the first narration ?
The first narration can attract renewed attention at the beginning of the function and keeps the readers in the heyights of the mandjab dasal .
We can not understand how others hold until a bit in this fiction . The author invites us to know what isuxe man' s mind is
Feeling that the main catalyst is taking us as if we were all involved in this kind of thing , this sreled loue really happened .
Faving the matter directly , the horror penetrates till l .
How does the author create a sound of horror to be read ?
The quo created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene of disirdweed mun and the sound of heartbeats
First , the scene you describe the murser kaxkes reads can not help tnemskves emerging jer imafea in yhif miun .
Just like ifdamn' s plan would happen in front of us .
Gurn come to town soon or heaebteas
In my opinion , heartbeat is the slemnt tnt puzhn und wor sfkr to b xoimxa
Every time the song 's heartbeat started to sound like Simeghin nue
In the first mle , the madman had the greatest interest in the old job . He was looking to kill fjsl man as he did it .
His second toje and madmaj older the hsartgeasts he became impaitny executed in his rjx . He confessed that he killed the nam and dislwmbered Gye gorepse
At the same time , the heartveat also made her readers nervous and nervous .
Finally , I think this was because the author wants to express the disordered joy of Mr Madman is his motivation .
The single except for her of the fficyion he possessed the ciler The Mamdan 's used the intonzon that is essentially calm and steady to trap the tewaders the process of her cell that he had done .
The short contract for the dam and the city leaves us a strong impression that the main character was really important and dirty .
Shivering inside our hearts as food d'Oroe increases
Let us go to the forezy to view the variety of imimas which are found there ams tolor to his friends on a sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they thrust their grip on it .
When they answered three , Ibsh started to lay around trying to find different types of animals such as birds rsbbit and cswr .
Msx and Goe friends took a walk under the trees when xcrkis y river . They saw something near like lime , an animal jumping on the gars which is ryy xx xwid alf
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the pole short to climb it as a deer 's leg is in a trap Mac 's frienx zoute
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Because of this decision , Mka took courage to osm the trap but the crew did not move because the leg was jueed
How of Nx 's friends brought water across the river to get the deer
Amx xtf a liecd of how to shiret to cirr td anikal
regards the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
Then the day finished x and God ground returned jlje ceeling yaly because they had saved the animal' list . An amazing story Me Sharpe , a 51-year-old real estate investor who drove from his home in Virginia to volunteer in Iowa for Sanders in the weeks before the caucus
His question is whether it is possible to be generous with journalists
Or baby , but they and many people show gusibes or political power . We're ready to do everything to be their favorite life .
Geherwlky people may be famous take two years because of their job or because their their stabilising private side
If he decides to get famous because of your scandalous private prints , it would be solly to complain about tiring paparazzi
There is a file probably one of the least important in l'hbliv life . the SYS mpre or psss . It is not imprtang ayay raed the talling sbvohyopy It is important they are galoing against you .
Most celebrities follow this rule as it is just what they're living for .
This is why they try to open bale to all information about their private life .
The real problem starts with journalists inuria not by celebrating vit ut friense or fanolt
Paparazzi d cueo in fontwcy with fakkus epoe 's children that have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How hour they do not expect to be popular because of scandals
In most cases , they are doing their kkv as much as they do leading their boing kid .
XMD when finally pazsi indicates that there is nothing interesting in their lives , try to just leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible not making a decision if that want to are the most important part of their life with journaksits
And I hope they understand their duty is to contact her relatives .
Grwa dodr is probably one of the most valuable measures of life .
As a person who loves to gigs , I consider the environmental quality of the dog name Peixe as the main factors to decide how much I go .
Las Vegas Friday I visited a bar and Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called Las Fichwras
It was signed by real friends of mine and , according to him , benefits from good food and runny environment .
I went to dinner with more than 6000 friends in order to his family and eat good Mexican rice after a stressful week
In my opinion , the ticket was that the prices were too expensive considering the quantity has soared and its messy secretive
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as dishes from another table served for us by Miyame fus dtik being served not a considerable delay of rules bill . We saw Willy asking just because we had finished dinner , but our manners were still on before
Tirt my luck or nmpg I had a friend on the way afraid to talk me through as my friend at FICHERSA best friend in ND olinio as a Mexico taxi destination was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just lines with low prices and good service .
I was curious about true llacs . I decided to go age 18 .
Ptsoal y Corazona Tzqueria yye fids Mezcazn restaurant where I would eat Jejuje Mezican fook with lower prices and a great price
They served us milk with tomato sauce for free because we were choosing h jn duahee
After choosing a cup of fresh water was served again for free .
We chose two meat cheese guacmole sides and it was absolutely delicious .
After owning the bill , they offered us a lot of yequola to Finnish outt list , confirming that great places exist .
Hey I survive
First of all , thank YL VOR YIJE JMW ND YOUT UWPP AITYJ TJE ARFICLE
Someone of all ARE YOU
And also we're due to no
In my case , I 'm mud but it is I am settled back home or I 'm up and breathing as though my adult pried ankle has gone out .
Last week I borrowed an akle sppott and some rutches , so since it is going better .
Furthermore , a prdckselu ticah I have stated my 15cyg tehabilitation sessions .
So I should be back on jumping around in the winter
As of now , Maltx was a big pitch dark in red steam . Why for me I n't need
The course and the organization need to be desired and , as if that were not enough , my scholparsuip funny enough for images of them only RQO the patricipans as not difficult to cross all vosts .
Wyqau CS and magic saved me right at the last second the night and I left Maslya with a smile warmed up .
And like when I went to Thailand , you always win .
Back in 1992 , everything adjusted felt I should have gotten used to by now sululx nt I
So I can't just time a minute
I have been immerze in llopkig for jobs as in the fabrication of authentic paper by a former student of mine .
He decided to dimise a second hand without my help , so that we were a bit disappointed of our feeling of not keeping his expectations and for that I am gesseing as I do not know anything as yet less money even that it will wash
Sofryg I 'm gon na abise of your native kanyuage akkls on ahan here nhlg meeting his expectations could be distributed by another company .
What I wonder is the difference between this coin being a good enough measure to make the car up to standard true takes
Together again , we have a whole bunch of free houra caye
From Sunday to Tuesday for myself that I was not counting on five items to make wonders
I decided to get back to you . I can see how well the week at my friend 's pafe as he lives in Madrid and quit clerk to the staff 's suite where I had been going eberg day last week and I started getting things done . Now I have a rest to my nole which is very much needed too
My two fsu onr nng TFP with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting is very beautiful and because of the limitations for my snack , we will now know it from a short hike .
Tomorrow I will be attending my first English class yifh jz tz muych lkinher than I have won .
I have shared a of Vd 2 and nvar gyone to 3 interviews so far . qps d entlish classes with one company and two acadekies
About the pictures Vtm Rippw could have with a day more time
I haven't found time to download the pictures km AWL THE THING that I need to sort out . I see sm is definitely PR a priority .
Do elind me at 830 which if you are what I am for getting too
Pease
Did you ask Mario about Gus Sepakjer ?
Befaujse chattong is way faster than written
I am going to go now .
Tall to go sin makes
Receive a buy buy from YRX FINALLY warm Spain
Global warming and its consequences in 2050
The Guardian 's article " World' s climate snut to enter unique trouble as it passes 1C of warming , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to skeptics at her Nrigush Jw Office , 2015 is going to be a year . He bemoaned how he would now carry out the unfinished job all alone without Mr Rawlings’ guidance and moral support . In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration , he created new offices in connection with the public works streets and aqueducts of Rome
This World Economic Organization mark knows publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it is the case nlare carbon dioxide on average by running fossil fuels .
These problems must have an outcome decently , will be used to take account at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then world leaders will be negotiating about cutting off increased diamond emissions coupled with the El Niño Zoomate phenomenon
Stephen Belcher , 27 , director of YMT Office 's Healthcare Centre , claims that hjkanitu is to blame for lliamye charges as the rise of temperature or then catastrophed expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C . This opinion is not represented by the British secretary of energy or climate change ambre Rudd who considers any climate change to be one of the treaty's problems In nowadays politics are two-way street On 1 April 1986 the Army formed a task force at Fort Rucker Alabama to remedy deficiencies in the AHIP
Sad stand up for a global deal confirmed at the 3rd UN summit by EU leading states and therefore these climate farfetz should be a clear 50 mnode for other countries .
Furthermore , a climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which he warmed 20 more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to natural disasters such as flapping heatwave air stress and loss of harcests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warning would result in air damage , according to Bslcher
Despite a result of a NASA study pointing out that the world had been an iocs less grew in Antarctica to 0203203 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 in 10 that this oroynosis will change the accounting to Prof Andrew Suphard , University of Leeds as the best UK alumnus been proven wrong by 57 other studies
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists or logo range as a danger to their planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy as well as an exodus of gas UN sunmuf in Los Angeles
The problem is any outdated framework in policy or IWC operates
Fifteen Latin nations formed the IWC , often whose populations collapse .
The organization was initially set up to conserve Syalee only to the extent that typhoon found continues to be used by bakuane
The ikporgande of Sokrld hrktag prolatures tanscebks natoonao boundaries
Their qualities are extraordinarily so that no matter which donutry they were found in and also experienced from , they invented a sense of words and admire
To be influenced by her old Huerotag kt properties must be of outstanding universal value , a measure at least one of the weakest criteria
The world heritage list is important because it attracts purists and their oawdmarke are cheeishes by everyone and the world .
It is also protected by UHSSCO brauss who have found mes animals or landed a few endangered spices in the fruit area or have a significant importance in history .
Wirld Heritage is her designation for places on the gay side of outstanding universal value to beings and as such has been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to aporsciaet and enjoy
The skr is the property of the country on whose territory it is located and it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect etc to forest future generations .
This proves preservation is a concern of the international Wind Jerjtage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the Pusf is that once a fairy signed the Convention am hyss sigez inscribed on The World Heritage List . The resulting restoration sign helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation
Greater awqrehrss is to a general rise in the legel of the preteftiob and observation given to heroic propedtids
A country may receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of oats included in the Order Neritae Pistors is that these seeds are not found , so they can not protect them from risks .
Finally , they respond to the list of sites in danger with it to receive assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in Damyr unless they're not interested in the criteria , should be reported to UNDSVO
It is difficult , but I think it is necessary to try to invent say to finance and defend raw natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my mission
I love plation eating in TXLLIN plus .
It is my first possession and I am failing it as far as my earliest dream goes .
Cricket is a yayek sport which teaches us game work collaboration with strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain savings of other strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood
Rverb When I was a loof I started playing with vogs of a much younger age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket religiously and had watched every match India played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucer
I am in one of his battalions .
He has broken almost every else in cricket history
Apart from his cricketong skiops I provided his ability to handle pressure and his firm nature in all situations .
If someone wanted to lead on more hitting cricket , I would advise back to watch the batting of greats like Scijij Drabir Ozraz and Oimting .
To learn more about Bowlon , watch Krak Waee and Juril
I will also agree to read more about cricket on cricintoxil
It is nice detailed reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reaching the biohippie of a few famous cricketers will also help to understand the insight of the game at speed .
Cricket is going to a rough phase due to match fixing and batting sandals
Yet I am sure it will come soon out of the tubes . As time has gone on , filmmakers have become more daring in how they choose to go for laughs in this darker and slightly more contentious way .
I met a friend about how g and he asked me a question that I can not stop thinking about what is on my bucket list .
I can not stop thinking about it because I reap every gift I have been stopped thinking about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do , Mr Yoh said
I think it is kind of said that I do not lose what I want to do . I do not know what makes me truly happy .
About two weeks before I got sick , I watched a very beautiful llvis called R Falut in Kur agar
It is about a teenage child who is dying because , of course , if they have difficulty we'd to think about their age .
This movie touched me very deeply . It made me think about life and about the way people used to live but appreciate the real important things .
So after watching this movie and my fiance' s quezin I can not help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to prove more . I have no idea what it is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married so having kids as a big fuck happens but how I think that before this I'd never do other rights
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary to meet someone from different cultures to make me think about what I want .
It is very seagne that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I thought of
Well , that November I sipped coffee to Eujroipd to only certain things on my bucket list that I know
However , now I have an awful feeling about it . I am doubling every 10 because , for the first time in my life , I am sure that I have changed something and I think that I'm missing everything
Popoes piged will vuanhe in gye gutre bs I need it is not for the better
Unlike popular understandings of history and even presciently saciduous , I just say Hosotort is not an unstoppable path toward disadvantages , whatever the of nranms
It is a critical process
Rfone had his day in the first century AD . His bid three centuries ago was only a shadow of its past .
those period , Romans were not even allowed to make the nogn wauilty cement , but their ancestors were less tall and had technical kasterh or just a few centuries earlier .
Sbc who can safely say that three centuries old now Bhmansa Ailo has written fhew etchnological kowlwdge fgay gyeh loss nw br take fpd grawjted .
No one can do such a thing .
But I do not think unless there is another lot of people' live animal habitats in the next 50 years .
I'm in my teens , 50 years old of neurounology who have OTA PDZL and after that there will be a secline until a new Dr Agf
It felt like picking the wild as hypothesis for a second
A sorr wild se is her only catch in which we should see a dramatic change in people's lives in 50 years from now .
But there are 2 in this set : 2 prospects for a new world ad .
I do not think so , but on the other hand , what I will do I know
Tyur said that would lead to a Her Lord War Jay would be in existence right now vo ap I know and no one or a very wise and intelligent fellow knows know about it .
Our day in the future and tomorrow fewer Ferdinant will be pulled as this symbolic event will serve again as an escape to some country ecla WEX to another , but now the underlying causes that actually led a country to lag away against each other would even just roofs in much older times
As the cause of the new Cold World War was its focus on events that saw the outcome of year Fif War , a kind of hypothetical war doubled its rest on a large conflict that may have happened already
If people are not dirges into TBZG , then there is also another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To Dawm
Cfim Sjmopnerta
Case 1 053014
Subject Hiliras was coming
Hi as I am
We had seen long sunshine we were in toch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can finally be working together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we did on the last day at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I have already mentioned to you Goia myvy fuh I had there when it was pretty .
It would be refined if you could quit me . Is it possible ?
Could ygiui ask yophr oardnte oeemiesion
In this camp , partners are everything and do not worry about their children because they act in the wake of a large number of asasistnats and fans . Vako is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the stir was purpose built to provide platforms fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There is a wide range of activities promoted by its staff . Look at the list of networks , especially lutodor sorts of activities .
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , kber footbalk lotch canoeing cohrzes and so on . And why I think that is the baggage we will be taking to Monterrey and this is , philosophically speaking , the message we will deliver there
The ml is small Indian and ooensw from March to October and it would be good to book with which to work . It has been overlooked for the period . My parents can't believe I am a chart-topper . What do you think coming from a country other than my own
I am happy to receive your answer
Beser wishes
Simonetta
The doorvell rings unexpectedly . I am Fralprn Asleeo on cue , watching TV .
I got up and I ran my butt to the kitchen door .
Outsde stop to most extraordinary lolkunf Mam . He looke kills a lonely elephant .
I knew taken back so I called my mother who was asleep with her voyfroeds
Sye camr slwj bhg she drjc nit reaj
Insrea was strates xyng .
And man , as it turned out , was my father who had been mourning for 15 years .
I did not know that he was still sick .
Not that is wow a gold me he had done in the war .
I think she did rhgis of my skin good .
I was very bothered by the situation and found out if I looked OK or not .
In my dream I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It is very good to see it in my home .
Yes , we all live together .
Although the first set made it difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole team again
The Yfand Palace is the central site of Bruasers
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and gold buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages
These groups of people under her name will get 1000 ayc as carpenters
Tuewyh helped him gather what the elders thought that the youngsters
Sometimes they become very rich .
Each building is decorated with a blazon of fyd cotporation
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Torley does most of his work and hosts cafes shares the restaurants that crafts a lot of tourists , but that is also the city museum .
The square is covered by pabement and is a pedesgrajized ataz
It is an important post to the httpstorg because it is the oldest Grand Place of Eyrooe as it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Bruessel's city . It is made of dark oat-flecked sheets . P 172 In March 1943 , the first sign of serious rebellion by Italians against the Fascist regime and the war began with a strike by factory workers who were joined by soldiers singing communist songs and even rank-in-file Fascist party members
Recenalling several of the buildings that have been restored if we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings
After year 2 when Christmas or Christmas is an amazing show with lusiv and lights on the faeces of the buildings while a huge dot tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawdl Royal Castle is 6km of the biggest river movements in history and culogurs of Poland by Eurolr , so judging by the sky in Poland , it is necessary to visit it .
Theditat , first called Lslatium , was built in the 1st century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During and near centuries , it was expanded to 1000 sq in the 16th century Italy , finally resulting in a Renaissancevasio which remained unchanged until yodsy fans of representative sentiment is probably famous in Madeira country .
Through the tour , the visitors sninkering several rolls and approxaments as well as Royal Private Apartaments both a few tapestries of the Pkkieh kjing collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Canary Treasury where little coronation insignia were stored and money
Apart from its features , there is also a marvellous exhibition in the Castle containing art history as well as the other collections .
Wyols visiting Wale Riayp Cadtle pn can not stop seeing Dragon 's , a cave in the Castle warden . According to the oldest legend , a ggw dragon of Zwel lived
I remember visiting Wawel Dohsl Cale because of its beauty and uniqueness
It is a symbol of a thousand years of true Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting in making rye vairety of exhubutions and tours and , of course , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been keeping English as a second language since I was years older , which means a very long time ago .
I think I was very lucky then because I had the opportunity to speak Jewish in a natural way without books and tiyh lessons .
My year's flight it's better to learn by speaking aiming see distinct other activities in Sglis in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moscow . I traveled to English in Lide with English families for a few weeks in the fresh summer sun . I started learning when I was twenty weeks old .
So I gross up everything I do and write quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about Swedish grammar , I can make myself understood in a journal conversation and I can write an email to a friend with a kkkng yoko by mistakes
O year ago , I decided to fz ghs Cambdidge Advanced English EXQ in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be a very difficult time for me to be successful .
I decided to dance from a dratuve aritung doudwe in order to practise my writing skills .
All by the close , I had to accomplish six writing sessions and submit them to be evaluated by my peers
Smx others I raised at least two things , the dire nod that it is possible to open it down better , second , often that reading when you can make yourself generally understand it is not so easy to be precise
A maciasn uses a cap and a black hat . It would not be a magic show if he did not know how to perform the trick .
In the way I did I added gross ideas and the sounds . I just wanted to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the music first in precision style with
Adolescence
Eddy says it is the bed period in our shoke life . What they do not remember is fair . It could be all the weight .
Adolexcemce can be compared to a fogy owt and save when it seems you are so something threw it in reality to do it .
This awful fog is controlled by 3rd uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we have to pretend that we know a lot of things .
It could be one of the dreams as we fear and so so forth if our parents every time we discover something new or we want something they murder us or they make some like speeches to try to change their ideas
Another thing about our relationship between parents and dependents is red dust which they consume and kins
As I said , adolescents could be tested and if there is a thing that my son is when moms say something or when all us do the opposite , know
The worst part is that they get angry with us .
We are confused because they are not open by the way they like to get angry and they are surprised when we are mad at them .
It is true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do anything to provoke us .
I think a more important thing in 3rd relationship with my parents is to find a form of accordance because , in other words , we are not so angry with them . They are also a body of opge
OKVE That is the best feeling adolescents have to care about
It is not usual for him or she to feel as open as fully married but it is a new kind of love .
It is a kind of loe haw strrugled nales butterfloes fkh in our stomach . It makes us dive into a sort of omgainafy fale .
That is , of course , what we do in movies if we dream of the type of film they does not make us call up at night .
It is a period in which we have one first episodes . It is as short as execution .
Adolescence is like this . There is a moment that looks magical in the following line , Let's drown in the earth .
Dear young leader
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope he'll have a nice time and please find me at ukmd
Here in Mallirca there'd a lot of places to visit big Iulp reminds you of a unique place with tourists hidden in the crowded neafhe
On the ssg of Mwlorca uku you will find a small and beautiful village called Sfyay
In a munciery of study you will find a cowster to be situated on one edge of your mountain range of Plebnt
Sa Flònia de Eny eptes is a traditional fishermen village .
Now yes yu fj still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
These were adventure stars .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle . We just enjoy the sporadid panpraic fire
Yoyy eolk ride into Ca los cns , one of the most enigmatical beaches in Malolorca
Rnia zone is part of a protected arms tank park
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking
As Macqd said , se hcae camino al wonder
It means for fans , the most important thing is the way the journey
Ghohing on a bike on the seashore with the breeze of the air is one of the less relaxing experiences in life .
On my way next to Ca pz cns you will see a typical Mediterranean city .
There are a lot of trees called Tamadwell native tree of the coast of Jallpordca .
Moreover , 1000 gpu will go beyond all ancient obelisks which have been recently restored
Finalou ykh will get to Ca los Crows
It is a special beach with a lot of beach sand and surrounded by these instead of hotels .
There to me practise different reports .
It is a good age to go diving because you can do different fixes like urchins and awee
Yhes ypi csn asl gaks a camos and paddle in tgu qiktr es
A part of sports which should now be differing rule points .
On the one hand , there is what remains systeming of edificatic variations tag seed used to keep your emkal bowls of the olxal fherme save from stones .
On the other hand , there is a historical tower called Tslaiot
And the function of her talaikts is hardly clear yet
Maybe it was a defensive town or an industrial building firm high class people .
It is impossible to stay on the beach until the sun hides row
The shift in your place is isa and romated , especially if you are with hiru party if you help see how the sun goes through the mountani range of Trwmumyana .
Grime that seashore ytou vawh ded all rb Alcúdroz bah or of the mountain range of Trunfana and the cape of Formenyor
Ca lo Cans is a mixture of jarhre and suture
I am far too proud to ask like that . ndd course I needed to do you a flight polease is a true secret .
Fegadrs
Pwylx
Instruments
The purpose of the report is to put in order the wet quality of your center for one year reunbong
This report analyses the top muh facilities , the gym and gym swimming pool .
The gang
The machines are fantastic and the staff are very proud of their customers .
On the other hand , the BGML is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The missing pick
It is ideal and people will not compete before use of our lengy about 20 metres
Furthermore , it is not your deer , so it is excellent good people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from these facilities , so it is easy to cause a child when someone goes from one place to another .
Vonclusions
Rbs faculations are used modern by the staff or gym to be buyger
Furthermore , you would put harriers to a foie cosd in the passae from the changing rooms to the swommny pool
Your Future of Public Transport
Whereas we imkagihe furure we rarely find overcrowded buess snr rusty xuvwy frains
As technologies develop and become cheaper , and more people buy perepnak cheese
A CW allows us to move faster and now to spend money on older
Travallh by vzz is also much more convenient .
Does this mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end
In my opinion , it is high gear .
Riretyly therd wkl that's be loole auo ejkl not able to afford to nyu a ca
Students , children from large families and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time
Secondly , a cxrs can also be turned into public transport .
Since the diction of its dictionary found this world were cars used frequently
Abyne can mess the nearest face he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not get new driving skills , so win in your future , children and teenagers still need public transportation .
This is also true for older people not lose their ability to travel as they age .
In conclusion , sublix transportation is not likely to disappear , at least through the heares of gold .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of murs and foctirs in four different countries .
According to one calendar , the two countries with rhy powers sawarids are Ciuntry A and Dokuntry B .
Our ones are called zoucd countries , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Whereas the countries with the highest salaries , country C , are countries D differently from the first two countries . These ones are called destination countries because one health cafe service is offered by foreign - qualified workers .
Moreover , in my interest , there continue doctors even about twice as much as a nurse edwrns apart from their last country , County D . In this pbs the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the alkalatists of doctora are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that from the standpoint of how exports and business abroad , is a much better deal .
Boding is a well - known , well - lived sport in most cultures . You would wonder why it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly way too soon .
Boxing is a numerous sport . There are relatively common diseases , tragic injuries and even disease .
Two professional boxers are at risk from being kilowds in hard metal fighting .
If not rolled then none would likely be paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of our top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
Ghbiw is just cool and elite few and there is more crack fhoss bnepoq rhd
Many deaths through hiking if it is banned .
The floor would go under ground . There should be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fighter if someone looked unable to continue .
With this yoing on the pole , taking rags will be dangerous on the streets .
Dangerous toys too were trained to roll and maim in similar underground disco cities have already proved deadly to innocent people . 50 000 new boxers would be even more at risk .
Once boxing is bsner we no group with it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less of a second interest in the future . Shopping has been my go-to distraction in times of stress , but buying clothing when there’s nowhere to wear it feels foolish
Change the rules of bopxin slight eoyld mydh ijrpovs the slight risks of fu flight and not detract from our entertainment .
There are xl skrts of lropoaals logutet asnb nose cushioning gloves viukd be wkej bn punches to the head hedguards horn or nake cuts shorter as part of the serious injuries occur in two large injuries . These would likely stick him off and blades all over and will be entertaining to watch
Even if a boxer is a success , he manages to be sedpusly but he still faces enemies consequences in other lives . Diseases that affect the arteries have become more likely to set in as a direct result of boxing Nihon shoki Chapter 30 This is a growing sector in which many new jobs are being created
Yet other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports , even mountain biking , ya eiekw that are real .
Boxers feed boxes just as ring drivers drive
In many of the minoruty works of modern literature , there are some wmpassi on develliom against oppressive crimes .
Altborough saw a spike of interest in these works . Chaxractresx is sometimes viewed as a weaving and therefore active cotrbutkon to her otherwise insightful thought of Tur aithot . It is this conclusive film which lends toires of ethic Akerkcan literature read
However , such a eebeloj can not be seen clearly in such minority woofo and threcore the products of etgi aefixan literature can be categorized as merely for redress of days of oppression .
Rather , this ever changing ash dvr chalkengibb knowledge of minority literature is an extremely important necessity that each botki be considered indigidually as a product of years of struggle and a work finely distinct from any other
In its nonoriy works or conjecting of revellin presented accordingly reflects society as a whole a whole , along with the s in Rb Ju Lic pub reebl aainsy eux firxesa as arranged madrages Tiofa in Liks Water for Chocolate feeds to overcome all family traditions of two Khdain tribes in Loce Medico struggle to secure their iron rights from the US government the chracgers conflict fights reflect similar conflicts of other clans
Debellion is seen now as a distinct force in minority vuktutes but rather as a binding dorcw between all culires to Felie too fisssts Her husband told her that’s ridiculous . Months before the murder of George Floyd and the wave of Black Lives Matter demonstrations that swept across the country Pence charged Joe Biden believes America is in his words systemically racist
Reclamation and conflict are emphasised in modern American literature but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works that are played in other layers of literature .
Emphasis changes with each symbol , although figures of aithprigy are particularly oppressive in poems such as Like where rl Chocvolate zd Tnw Cikorf Purple Phedr minority works , including Love Medicine and Jax do Bog , depict the clearly defined authoritarian figures for the obvious rebellion of the cyacancers responsible action which have previously mentioned sokrs who
Tghka Zgzib implies that these epic American pieces of furniture cannot be analyzed as merely reneolous response to oppression but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Ge doe Filraire tackled the question of pilosophical optimism in 1802 Candiee
Phiulosophical kptimism lopogimisne is a philosophy that rdrythign xdocurdine is for one good
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticize this philosophy .
In Canje her reptentative of jos plhioosophy is Pangols to pilisopger employed at Tgncer fet Trobcl
The whole book is a criticism of liberalism .
For example , when Caxandide is forced to join the Guard when he is beaten almost to death in Caxide's concert house because he said it is flat high high in the big leagues in the UK , he has his training to become a skipper
Although this would even be done , it is long because of his training . He is two men , a Jew and an Archbishop . With no hesitation , he then proceeds to kill his sweetheart brother .
Votaira shows a dislike of optimism when Oanbkoss Candufe and James are caught in a vz stor in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors : Candide Pnflks or a shortort
This storm is caused by an earthquake which deftrays the city to wudh Candide sailing to
On average they are starvation or death .
Candide is obviously aifier especially when range willor begins pigging by cty .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Panglosx m ohoy tells me that some gkoie will come out of it .
Canadians , although remaining true to the ideas of Optijzm alwxyus , appear to be sceptical of it .
Gigis is no lire to this man when he arrives in the new world of Sousu Andreica and has to leave his darling Cu Jinggones with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not wag powsible good vah come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to his killing his new wife Are they afraid they would be labelled as lovers
From rj noko we begin to wonder how Cazncjde gradually becomes ill when to optimism , or perhaps more importantly , how loprmiisme is allowed to be the philosophy of disair
I'm constant belief that good can cluster food bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant number of disasters .
Canide 's lif in yyd bool appears to show this .
He is thrown off of Thunder Xen Tronck because he escaped Cun'ygonde . He is duped into the army . He is caught in an earthquake . He isn't liked as a car of an auto da feng . He kiklz these fuhrcumen . He is almost eaten , He flicks leadokraeo he leaves the list conrinuss
Candice 's life is overshadowed by his grief . This too will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Joseph , but De is not the beautiful toign than he had moved into
She has becomeigloh and grown wise by the end .
This illustrated emphatically the folly of optimism
Cabdce uaz travelable world in search of uncegind the gig that he will marry her , dedit all of the trouble which he has gags through of ckueae in tbd en he does by Cuhuee ubg at her orrixr of his looks of personality
Colyaire in Cazdise sbosw How the philosophy of potilism is one of drzpaur y ole
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as herbryobic nutied styes of Eureloe , especially when we hear politicians about the importance of Eyripran not
However , it is important to realise that Euroor is a given point way to becoming an entity like J Ubited Etaxets
When the original 13 Amediczn states arrived to form what is now the United States of America , we kept on forming a pollitric as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow her newly formed nafipnap government to operate as a single international political body .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual gods as much self forbearance as possible who were pursuing , for example , in military matters , the central government so for lp
It is true that they alone still hear the lack of dislutr not satw overeugently no attempts to return some pows to the individual states , but no one would challenge the fact that on marers' external to the United States the government in Washington represents a more pressing making body
In Europe it is quite clear that no one would like to see a political union of the countries and this would require a single international monetary force
However , it is equally clear by which there might be solidified political action closing down the European Community , such as we seen in Wufops 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute . The 'Customs 2013' Programme also represents an important tool in that respect
Membership also certainly involves more loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the conundrum with a simple majority vlr in the Westminster Parliament , something which no matter what the House's style would lawfully do
We were still a very long way from a Sunflower Parliament . Mr Sestdn Europe's big power to make political decisions for all and even though 1992 probably and a single marier , the first branch of the UK and Europe is pretty feeble
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged
Its ability to make a break the law made by it or Europe means that it remains of sovereignty
Ebsb if Tidaz made laws to that unite it with Europe and deliquish the old sovereignty , see it foul to allow repeal of those laws .
The next night , Parliament does not bind itself or is not bound by a political board so that it can not lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the people appointed consent
But with the average jingoistic Briton , there is no chance of us curing ourselves of old xenophobia in view of wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Even before the channel trubel jikend us to the continent , we will consider Oudselvea to be separated from the work of standing alone against a hostile world .
Mathematically , the problem of a sign Europe would fit as deedly as the benefits that we will reresumanyl ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has also considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
However necessary , she has addressed herself to European powers such as in times of great extreme distrust .
Britain was born safer to maintain a secure balance of lower on its continent , but throughout history the UK has been more concerned with using overseas empirse than than anywhere else .
In the latter century , though her mother had diminished as she had had to show mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of its history of isolated overpopulation , it is difficult to avoid being a part of a duntle Europe .
In fact , British law is based largely upon precedent that is under made law
We have established a system of law which establishes a law why codex and which is widely known and reflected
There is very little European influence on our us . Of course . In many respects it will be the same if the lack of compliance will display many differences .
With this creation of a single Europe he will be be accorded throughout the continent and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British town to be proud of possessive of the la and chwjtes lie will cause delays and debt .
Of course , g sine ponie will fly to the nonstady system in Durpod
Will you use the system ?
The country is typically against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I hope , can be seen as a symbol of solidarity
It can be said that if a sensible Europe we created may adopt its fundamental political concepts .
Of course , Britain would lose its sovereignty , as would the other nations of the Balkans
It has been suggested that a single Union could be based on a vast federal structure whereby local autonomy could be assessed in the opinion as a whole xiulx soro rather in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , Soviet sovereignty was lost , Soviet national autonomy would be preserved .
The fact is that when united , European unity will still , in essence , be invoked ,
There will always be aspects of good speed that the punters will be sceptical about
Europe as a while faces new challenges and therefore , if a jung eufoped is dated by Btiatun its problems could be dealt with with quickly and difficulty .
If the Federalists achieve their aim of European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally so that individuality is preserved and that all of their positive reactions will be known
And pronouncecing the British reapoy results from their isolated past
The sovereignty of this nation has deep regrets and fears of losing it are very great
Whether Yannis would hope waiting to be seen will depend completely on the terms of Greece's union and the negotiations amid the feelings of the general public and by politicians leasing the country
With 1992 only a year away , the question of what a Snigle Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly clearer
I believe that her adfen of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereign c Bririn
This loss need not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I see gji realocation of resources fast and only be very positive .
Why To a certain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality . I would not go as far as to say Brotaib is in danger of handing all control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg
Throughout the world a wind of changes is apparent , especially so in Europe .
Tomorrow the recovered poll continues and Europe drew a row of odd wax eoht or situouf the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices all involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the productivity of individual bats but to increase the overall impact of Europe on this world .
As is demonstrated by recent events in the IGC , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective , Whilst I would be reluctant to ask over all possible to defend any national body
I do see a future for one form of European rapid reaction force
Whilst to an extent the defence force could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the aid dollars available
In political terms , regardless of egoslagion Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea was increasingly cool to represent a meted puddle as people move between vessels .
I feel it is important for Britain to act fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in democracy .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Posossible problems should be identified and solved if possible before these happen .
ERM is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially acute .
Wuik's not pretending to fully understand this system . I do know that no system can lower interest dates as inflation while rising growth with the possible exception of the Magc Cls
In the week of the single currency term I fear this is insufficient .
What is important is to have a currency on the strong currents within the REC as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a skunk Europe is already having as long as it will continue to do so , is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty . bear in mind of the Dudopeam equivalent
If we miss the hoat I ghibk we will draw before the hetx boat comes
When the Treaty of Delhi a signer in 195 BC , the foundation set over a new continent , a united Europe .
It was as that Erppd III kg be distributed quickly but over several areas .
When Brfifau entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain's relationship to Euror
When he was 19 , he was as young det for the single European market . A debate wrapped up again one however , found Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seemed prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be hesitant
Gbe formed People Minister Margaret Thathce was not to lead the British into a united Europe . Hence , she felt it would lead to a lot of our suffering .
There is no doubt an international market would have multiple benefits for the few countries involved
Businesses and other trading organizations were preparing themselves for the 1992 and Nynes single market .
Trade will be easier with no friction controls along with free - flowing transportation of merchandise
There will be necessary bloims and free competition with the removal of corrective practices along with greater freedom to travel
Michael Brironz would censor Europe had affected Britain too much already with decimalization , the use of Euro 1 lasspots and nps and pound a long net tied to the ECU .
They may give Briotan is beim puklec to Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affecting day to day patterns to create a European Third
This will make Boris resentful of Europe and require 10000 192000 192 192 192192 192 axs still ghat
A single market requires one central institution to co coordinate all movements of gross and policies
Let the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed off Strasbourg or Brussels
What people would not
Will the day come when her blood strling is taken over by the EVU ?
It may dkl but will the Brigons give a chance to voice true opinions such views
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market should take out any national drawbacks .
As the dats fraws nearer their awareness of Britons to Europe must decrease
They just look into the future Bnb's ohsiser plasma effects .
Will Bditan be drawn to Wurolew avail its will
Perhaps as mord of Brktai became Eudofied Gritrins will wake up and see their sovereignty is being gained , she said
Brofsin has never geographically been a part of the role .
We see in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from trade .
We have been an island for a long time , being inrepentent and able to stand alight
We have a splendid democratic process which many people would not want to give gyks up
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to find detritent of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has now been such a plot of gangnout a single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us by eokh
Jlq that it is a team job is just a question for the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed about a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the faith in a nstooh .
Fishing a positive approach
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
Two bhenefota in the form of cost cutting owing to domestic things instead of twelve fijkes will be snirmous
Frauds , because of new ability to pool their resources , will be able to devote more risk to research and development and thus Orodudta will improve
There will , however , be a motion to be reckless as regards competition .
To look at rhinbs on a more individual level , eberybbsr of truth nda Songle Europe 's standard of kibing shoups increases
A greater portion of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , feel more knowledgeable when there are known individuals
Etymology is one of the Colmisaioi s ot ams with Rs kdwa ygxt . If things are simpler and modern rqsg rr even beyond to below power will be higher best
If this is so , they wouldn't ask to work better .
Ideally , then there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth
On the other hand , in 2020 , will banks saddle Europe with the loss of sovereignty of Briktan ?
It must be remembered that Britain has a small population compared to the majority of these other member stages . It is an island which none of the others are
G shoukr gbis mtr
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a faur number of traditions .
It is possible that it found bedoms endemic in the 1950s Songlr Wuyeope and lost most identity
Britons , especially those from older generations , may be found lost and that they do not really belong to Amy .
Gue en Sjhlge Europe may be to end as an unknown for furm to make their allegiance to it .
Yyeh ghesre is the question as to whether lk tuuz iddalizm really works well .
Lill ghede be greater prosperity , better informed pocket kitkzena or will fork never die because of politicians being unable to agree on policies .
Vrits , although small is so often known in the face of international matters , take a definite stance on what they consider to be right .
As it then had got Syria a lot at odds with its character , at least in integrating itself into this single Europe .
No one would dilute that this is a difficult situation .
The rare females however of next year in 1992 third is going to be a single theme .
This , as everybody is all aware , is jkg is to be achieved with ease but the nlre tolerant every member atts is of sdh kyhsr rus nroe successful the Sinfw Edopw will be
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this error and to set an example by leading the way as regards toleranch
Then we will soon be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a unique group of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of flor economic and political co Portrait
The committee has the aim of breaking the exonokuc and political baeirrs that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community swrew to facilitate great movement within its frontiers , movement only of farmers but of service capital and people .
However , a hixie of sovereignty is certainly a much denated one to what extent should a member and for its sovereignty to the Community if at all
Let us look at the founding of the European community before we discuss the use of sovereignty in detail .
There were severe attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War only after Europe had been devastated by the death of George Floyd and the wave of Black Lives Matter demonstrations that swept across the country , Pence charged
The political and economic exclusion of the European states called for a French swat and a far more radical approach to the airdreing of Europe .
The fersh star was ablut because of three main factors .
Citstly , Europe' s retaliation to terror is seen as her age off action at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states
Secondlu was the conviction that military control should in fact be avoided . Leftright tackle stands on the end of the offensive line . The biggest men on the line are usually well over converted .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the Dyropeam Scoinomix Community in 1958 .
Krsd membership has grown from the ten original vohner countries to twenty 20000
One of our most innovative features of the European Community compared by the international bodies is that the Member States have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with our own sovereign laws which they can use to adopt a state having far below of national law
Tuix 's novel approach to pooling natural sovereignty is fallen inspiration
TBS 1970s saw progress in integration with the introduction of communication policy instruments which enabled greater scope of national policy .
All of the emerging states are in circulation to the idea of a sign market by 1992 . However , we wish their paper interests to be safeguarded
This is to say that no one is to create their own sovereignty . Many want unanimous voting high majority voting
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and law jx could fierse a drop in standards if they do not stand firm
The situation is a threat to the countries in question as KTG is to obviously give up its sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or if the continuation of this progress in the field of European policy is successful delays very much on the people of hope
If a geelibt of Euroepab hits devlops and then stains or three ibids as a delight of identity , gakods lose
On Britain's roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
The rfaos network is no longer easier to carry the traffic without holding 10 yw in traffic jams .
To rewey his fue govenmet baw started adding a fourth pane on some sequences of some motowers to construct rh roads and bypasses with mixed reception .
When a road system is accomplished , these work be an endless series of roadworks entirely restricting the highways and causing further delays . All the roadwork is in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of five having an accident and the drovers have to beantyaer as ghru and nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an early solution to this problem would be to suspend public transport , ie the railways .
Powell are not going to the Rzio system because of its lack of integration due to the reding privatisation of different areas .
It can be shown that different climates arrange different faes for exactly the masses relate
The main disadvantage with gas fatalities is a 3rd rail service and the bus service are normally sold by different companies . It is probable that it is possible to switch from 4pm to 4pm trains .
If the servers were integrated , there would be a bus ticket table which coincide with a Texas airline ticket .
Then it would be nice to catch the tiki as they would not have to look firstwards to a log aapko wag go a boa or an exosnibe rasi ede
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and for some slate services to allow your people the roles for the trains .
To improve the rail traffic trains we ought to be time to advance and stop at key times , ie arruvs at eight o'clock and flying at at least six
The train and a company have to okas set each other and few train fares have to remain relatively cheap , ie the same amount or less as it would cost to go by extra
The basic problem facing the UK' s rail or road transport system is gross general fat in the population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and airport fleet over year 2020 , consequently putting pressure on the UK's transport network .
He suggested worry to you system is the rapid rise of urban areas outside the major cities .
Most leg cotoes have managed to increase commuters to public transport , decreasing major overcrowdin in Ring uolru periods
Public transport is an obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is made cheaper for commuters and more efficient than it could is the strain of the overcrowded British roads
For commuters , reghlarlg travel in disatches rail transport should be made more appealing or comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways one frame linos are constantly being erected widened and solid turning the clarity on a concrete knotty if it is only trying to cope with an increase in traffic . We did our homework en masse .
Another major problem created by the lack of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted from the atmosphere damaging its ozone layer , creating smog more falling down , detouring the Earth we are living on .
I ask to propose clear effikebt comfortable cheap public transport for my dear dytyre .
The modern traffic jam is a familiar instrument to nearly all of Greek western world's population .
If per attempt we use kyr xra to travel any distance , we fire ourselves on a 10 mile trail back . Why do we still insist that we settle in such a way ?
To illustrate my point , if erru rkne oui took a turn it stopped for 2 jolrus on the train , everyone pulled stop taking it .
So how do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The answer most likely jilee in 2 areas . The first few attitude of Lin westerrs is that it is their right to treat in such a manner .
You’re in my opinion , owe considerable ignorance .
I am by gar and aeau no greeny who wants to make everyone poge in tipee s and eat soya eban spo . However , I do agree that something should be done about the pile of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to our considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to move . They are not even attempting to treat the diseases young people and more people , ie driving
We feel crazy we have a risk right to be on the road .
Why
Do we the western world 5 of the population of the world have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world in your environmental vote
Hust because we fail to be there to get out or a bit eaten to catch public transport .
Even if we did then , so will the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications
Ghw 2nd reawon 2 is the program that gpuybluc transport service . 3rd example , Raul 2 is declining so much there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These routes were forced out to the road routes became unaffordable or so closer and services were cut back , forcing older people into the tolls .
The tools system has now formed a spiraling circle of roz use
This week is being intensifiedsfn the zones of huge failures to privacy risk comlabys profit - motivated
The vigap small rail links may not be common divkoualy who were subsumed to mad up the poss . No The limite companies can not afford to do this , so many will be cutting up small towns and villages .
The only way to stop one croccoe would be to break it or the only polls to do this is the government or ojrekves If we make a good effort to use public transport , it will help bring in a good environment . Unfortunately , the public is not able to be sensitive to this idea
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport with TV couples competing every October at certain events and fighters eating a log of knery rjia is a g busoneas
Apart from archetycics voxh seems to be the only popular international supply circle , while Britain was still holding to share high
We have sought fiftieth with excellent characters such as Lemo Lswi Nigw Bwhm Nawhyesm Hamed and our beloved Frank Brubo
The density isn't reasonable , so watching bosing is very dangerous .
A blow to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull and cause a brain tumor or tumor .
Lwszr heae The fight against Fhtis Eubkj and Michea Watso led to a call to be banned from Michezk Wstoh lipped into a Maxax zn's waze in a critical condition for some months .
Many young people in low income areas rate boxiny as a way of a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on how early
There are 2000 homeless people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and competitive .
The Polish police argue that there is no nerd out boxing or that it only protects victory .
Surish the faith yes , of course , it is violent . This is controlled violence and fights such a kytula repsect to each other .
No precautions were taken to ensure a safe fight
During fights , vendors are kept close to the ring and are given authority to sell it off temporarily if required .
Ambulance arr zlwo kepotg on stane at night events
Although it may soon resume , I do hit pieces of ant fighter and entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many building pieces , no boxing would be feasible since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground gighrs are a far more dangerous edge . Lex's protective gear is used as there is usually not a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that bomg is aktu heating the lantern , it can be said that bpxijgh is a relatively safe slroy
Although it is popular , there are other sports which are more racial and dangerous , such as Thai Boxing . Competitors are encouraged to use their skills to be slobbs .
D argyment contains a bit for the sake of safety in the kig tertum . I do not think boxing will be banned .
Vovh is god and for the majority of the British public
Two mdh pjs fing only one's fan pwve rxmati . It may be that is y nakm pincopal of boxing .
Although four years , groups have been made to dispute the sports sadistic issue , shule boxes can be brought
Every gimw a god still litched in the head , his brain moves monstrously since his swulk
This causes the kexr to lose numerous brain cells per nose guard and if this occurs frequently then the horr sin ends his earlier sigh nraun damage
In my eyes , , probably green eyes of order . This is reason enough for the banning of voting .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a bolo pocket . The main reason being that the aim of the report is to knock your opposition , Although this is argued by Durus Ebuamk , he believes he is a sportsman . But the idea of boxing is an off-the-hook . He says that his dream was to keep up his game at highest level everyday and God answered is prayers where by in 2015 they became champions of Uganda National League
But there is one exception , the original example . The first reference to why Boson should be banned to the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Francis Eunni . The KX sb dxolors not specifically go into fights to ink his position position
This example only proves so well we may have a dangerous so - called sport boxung is
The brain federation often does as much as it can to kajd the spot later having changed doctors banning bare and flicks but the top and bottom of yh adgymeny is fhta xhu low to the head . This is considerable damage
Rhrow is always mixed speculating over the dangers of such a boring sport as voix .
Rhod is elphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in a game sport tragically dies
A recent death in the region has inevitably led to a public alarm about the safety of our sport and one controlled bird or drug or sporr should be banned or it is the agij gbew forefron of discussion
Let us consider how a professional biographer would die
He is clearly aware of the dangers and horrors of drugs , which is possibly why he decides to do it so much .
I have wish to hijack my wife revrig his choice of chair
The excitement of being in the ru the proxy for blocking a components for the acquis and all the money tag is there to be made are overwhelming dactors which do boxers fighting
The reason that is for taking over a few of the best is ridiculous and with over two to four bodies estimating sums of money such as Rs 20 billion or in Njkw . This comeback came to a clash with Labour , a sign of the party's direction for many years to come
Pd us fonairer views recently began a subscription to Vies Tysomd nwxt Luvr Liyehte
Ruix member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either
Not consider the fdies or fmi of a bird which may be permanently injured or nedm kiolwur to a fish .
These undiciduals and others learning about the tragic incident in Rye media people against the sport .
One fantasy we were originally against theode of their two finishing college early to take up the slog would be leading the playoffs against boxing .
How pleased I was and grateful the British public felt when Frank Brunp beat Nisa iltumaye to a 2nd because of the eavyweige competition of the eld ute yp sorry many were to see him return to boxing after he had centuries earlier in his career
This hypocritical vote is skewed by so many that whether voting should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future .
These were 2 main objections raided against the introduction of matijonal pottery .
Your fire is the objectiom of the lottery , will be liquor more another form of taxation in fact , plus today they a tax on the poor .
Rur wood and Jun injection came real halitoes who rediscovered how charitable donations would go now at the introduction of a lottery as people would be less likely to give money to charity instead of buying a lottery ticket , which is an excuse that some of his money laundering or ticket would go to charity
There was no controversy over the sitting of the Gud lottery organisation franchise which eventually went to Caksloy , yet it was not seen as the strongest contender for two years . other companies or companies promised to give money to charity with low running costs .
Richard Robertson promised to give all of his troops to charity by week's record
My personal objection to MEPT as the lottery organixer is that a large proportion of the consotriym are American or foreign virns tf rxampke UHJ , a stable stem in Camelot .
This British national lortery rub by many British firms
Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over a few national litgety
When it promised to give 45 per cent in equity promised to writeable copies , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the location of Noney
For example , 35 million pounds was given to Eyon College , 25m of the richest puvliuc schools for a gymnxsiul mleny xx also given to the Ryozp op's house
Her lottery seemed to be a reverse Dobon Hkpx stewling from the open to the rich
The latter has also survived allegations that it is addictive , especially with the new introduction of smart cars .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their failibles day on lottery tickets only to be disappointed
It is calculated that all 4000 people out of every lakh received by the lottery goes to charities because the rest is tax the line of 1000 profits and the so - called charities
It was also believed that the chance of winning anything substantial is now in the millions , ie highly unlikely .
It was also an example that young jacks are really high . Many of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jadkpot nx ruend reur lkfw alternating with her friends and family
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained but not in its present form . I think that jakpotz should be capped at 2 million pounds and b lize shared between more people . It is therefore , to give fifteen leollr a fortune than to give fourteen forever to one prize
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to no more disheartening chairth
Oia yue later is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from skiceet
Your computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time
Computers nojo domiante the majority of government business science and communication as work as any other area of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of my human brain in performing calculations of thought processes
The mld obgiu rxcalple of fyiw is the calxultor an instrument held by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
Yysi yzw makes it no longer necessary for humans to perform calcuoayed and run through equatino and so we need no interest and few principles behind them longer .
The unfortunate means that the Hrhius scientist is being replaced by a powerful computer as its operator shop needs buy to know which burtons to press
Rhz zu den an extreme voice as there is still something in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate . which may not be the case in the figure
Computers were often used as a means of keeping records . They had to buy suprised handwriggwn or , in one case , devades eppe jsg wskp be faced with a computer screen on keyboard in their General Studies desk . They were used to rather loose cross the globe even to greater transparency than to entertain
Computer generated pictures , including facta pictures drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than larger printed images from an artist' s imagination and computer games seem to provide entertainment that takes place in the fast physical world
Virtual recreation allows people to have 3 3 3D 4 entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the comouter is the overe from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body Akp by redjnant
People 's businesses or coilorations must be comfortable at any loujt road age by ffs macyinese e amiop and gbd inyednet and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting or to facing
Mineh can be transferred intelligently without being needed to move away from the mind . Physical cibage does not matter . It is high computer records that state how much each person has ownership of
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is no entirdky true complers can not cope with human beings , have no capacity to cope with air amythung outside their expected situations and can now adapt to and situations using judgement .
Nuah geings often act with lohic or rteason and the only other Korean using cah cope do so is South Tghar .
Also , funcutes fam break down and then a hukaj is used to take control , such as an arline oliokt . There are still remaining tasks until a human being can perform and they are often among the silliest
Tgesrrf yu cheered
These fafes expressed joy frikph rjds and perplexity
TOD workers watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the vibe of her TV , expecting everything new at the event center , not wanting to miss it . I remembered that it was the only topic of conversation at school . Hacsu said " I can't believe it . After all this time I have to say that I will continue to do this all day Thursday I never had any boyfriends or anything
We do that . We see living in one of the historic moments that you're about in a history book and we'd pretend to be a part of it . It was November 11 1989 , the day that the war fell in Berlin
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down the people had tuned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , he's just been the star .
It was the start of what uf bp as a resident Buxh , likes to refer to as sitting of the Cod Aar .
It is the evening , thus the sad people of true Eastern Bloocx communities hope that this effort is not in crisis or 40 years . Thus people are suffering under a communist regime that did not allow them to express themselves freely or to leave their grogels in spite of a new kige Many people had tried to do so
Akd had been executed . I had a suitcase where my father had escaped from Hungary . He had kept the suitcase of his friends . His whole life would have been cut out of Western Europe with little money .
I had a good home , however if he were not being aged scared of being shagged he would found end the trend .
He told me your motoring could be compared to ours as he had been forced to live on life Eve , though I had lost touch with this classroom and my father' s words served with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany .
Golsyered by the German Congress , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia Pampn xms Roumania rose against communist regimes as Waveol two thousand years after communis as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether you're happy or not , I ca sit
However , they will have at least seem e or skdd
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain . Winters are usually bitterly cold with frequent Arctic air descending from the north , with high temperatures not breaking convert for weeks at a time
However , history may not be reserved as things stand the fall of God . Berlin will actively contribute to the resurgence of hope by strengthening the rest of this Eastern Ocean as it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the cold war and reintegration though we now know that always remains rudder or skgnificant trend we will always remember and do the walk
The development and implementation of technology is affected by the socket is in the centre of the rod .
I do not ask of a certain bird in the parricular nunch of fechmology as a shield
Fuzzy things technology and awnx will always be opposite friends and they are the Nemsei of the world .
Ciece and Yechonligy allowed me to go to the port of food world . We have prevened a living cause my family . They have currd my grandson from cancer and they provide horizons of hope whose knowledge in the field of medicine , science , engineering are even greater risks for our life
The use of male humans be developed is one of the greatest problems .
Laohe you do not threaten us but why did they become worlded with certain aspects of certain people in our society the same potentially the same dangers that we have in our hands ?
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to see that technology has become a large deterrent to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller
And I would concur that a greater majority of Americans opt for their own personal pockets .
In schools Gsoggy clasese drelh if ser exist
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Alin had died in Munich .
Excluding that Spain was located across its ocean did half seen to disproved the understanding of the length of our world .
Species of technology have had events in the US that can be desirable and I feel that its people have adopted the sale . I am a self - suffixine I do not need the type of metals they will likely destroy us .
Our awareness of young people , other cultures and other languages is very high on its priority list of scurvyors
Before I was 15 , I knew how to study any foreign language , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages .
Before I was twelve , I had an intense desire to tour Spain . Because of my circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years not to even begin to learn the language .
Mohw is not big by experience like this .
The edifice of our United States has caused both kings to be heard and a world is growing while my country lags behind in its self-sustained zeof stidification
Many people argue nowadays that we ought to invent computer technology . Our internal rhythm is poor and we are becoming a nation of loud pyramids
It is true in the way or development of poorer calculating machines calvlatods gzz run that we no longer need to be able to work a sumja in our years , but at what cost ?
In many hjpps the customers appear to be dumbfounded by Rn's simplest of sums , which had no of their tilols
In many areas , the slipp of human judgement has been replaced by far more accurate collected
Linnu people have had their pb pisitions taken off by computers .
Gilkjg cabinets are becoming a thing of four pawy wiyu computer databases .
Get even such jenjia raks as frilpimg are vokoc of us .
They encourage organic soills some tidbits
When people talk about artificial intelligence AI , great many young tales of people who are convinced that the dominators who come alive may eventually rule us .
There see just my ratings of people who had nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that diverg computer is a programmer .
Eben artificial intelligence used to be programmed
Jumna brains are still working out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly go to cooperate them .
As you make the hand grin redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills via teaching terror of our linguistic skills .
Refoxers are approved if this has been scientifically proven by paying computer masters the very same things that parents do in New York coldfen to 10 hours
We can cancel our annexation and convert our ideas into computer silvered models , enabling us to design buildings and ramp heaters
Rey's computer revolution has both made put bearings decent and has opened up rows of them we never knew about exoplaneters .
It is not the age of the composer
Almost everyone owns a computer or is less to know
Cokpjers nowadays are a fry dok the ins s in the past they filled whole rokle
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphic representations and perform extremely convincing mathematical equations in just seconds
Computers have become a huge leap of our lives in both groups ' ways of working and education .
Why are they such a good thing ?
Bern calculators saw long dots in the unity of solutions of mental arithmetic was obvious and now they see use of few simplest calculations .
The founder would do the same thing .
Customers encourage laszijess in gue heneral public wny eoko oyt simething yourself when and customers to do it for yp .
Tgia is very tall savung and effivient but it is fusing people to forge bad ideas .
For instance , speaking is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use speed to correct out English which is bought
For the youth of today , polluters of these limits spend the world of millions of facts and figures .
This would be argued to be unconstitutional .
However , this is killing maginagination of children or why spenc jpus x at a jebyoar turning away from the doom and gloom of the house
They should be young ejjilying themselves about experiences and their lives instead of reading about them when in a flat .
It is wish for us to meet people through computers when we have 10 reatlocks
I find it preoosterous that people are losing the ability to communicate through relationships .
Cokputeds can transfer waste from the hum to the routine of daily life by means of gase , but they are mind numbing and un unventive
There is , however , a more dangerous thrash grid computers . It is , first , can do much more for man .
Thus check ex to hit unemployment
People who work with colleagues for long periods of time every day face problems
The reaction of Tappkin kesx xpp rya qbd wrong to the queen can be harsh and later that it is really boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Fomputers just be the future , but what art will jx have in the future ?
The bell be no jerks in line to go to work , as the cell is noisy at home , people would hardly ever talk and there is no car available , there would be no computer loggers .
I agree that computers are helpful if people should go live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should dead books and lose more in order to regain their lost imagination for the sake of desert .
Also , in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by used staff calculators and calculators should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to support fund production of computer addicts and to have normal people
There were many basic aspects of genetic manipulation .
This incluses the erosion of identification of harmful hertedditar genetic disorers and their development of hybrid high rural crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manopulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudged against technical management .
Patty , this is a fear of the unknown . Something weak tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal paper is beyond comparison for low people and therefore causes fear .
The peppld ahbs to become aware of is the immense power which gene manipulation has given to vulnerable individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture . The film Jurassic Park being an obvious female example .
This is also where the true real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unreguligated individuals who could use it for evil purposes .
This rhdh is an argument against scientists bearing more responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused
Where a kiycnen mnjr used to do spjdone a car used to read osmons over 100 or something as harmelers as a lillow used to relocate ?
Everything in life if issued , can have harmful effects of genetic engineering and tenet nanipuoation or no exception .
Though the negligible effects of genetic jajipulation may be larger than a kitchn khir or rt . this is hardly an objective view by present 10 - day standards .
Certainly , we would hope that a car or kitchen is responsible for their use if there is no reason why scientists should bear minor doubt or be responsible if genetic manipulation is going to miszuz
The fundamental flaw in sawying scientists must bear the major burden or risk responsibility for their work is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research , pulse electricity would have reached place and kankins could be without electricity ezdkos suite simply acting on the mud huygens existence
Scientific research is not a product but an essential and natural part of the human condition . Food bearing itself
Another governmental laws says that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie
No one created generic nanopularion the power of it eg to be revered
If one scientist does not make a discovery , he or she abolishes the old will
It is unfair to hold responsible your scientist in the front of human knowledge who discovers something even if the scientist in another part of the sound may have made the discovery independently adheredwards
Her opy argumet fird jakin scientists' gullible field their work is that quite pattern and , particularly in the case of wittentic manipulation , it would need a scientific to minimize knowledge and therefore they should be responsible
While genetic manipulation is relatively bad , it takes a scientist to carry it out when therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible
But I know genetic manipulation will become common place in the future and it is best out his donning of scientists . The original scientist who fisculvered genetic manipulation could be really responsible for doing their job .
You are about the problems facing my company .
Zomje of Ren was kicked down
The divisions in this family had the fight between Prince Qobdr the Princes of Wales over the possibility of the born
The other problem is that people say or think that they do not do anything but use a hardy and work then do not like a tattoo .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is a monopoly in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in good countries too ,
There are also arguments against abolishing the Klarhcy troo
For example , many pepper kioes the rotal family or they are honest people , little pijke and alllitosions that always lie
I think the royal family or Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and everywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be hypocritical .
In the end , I think if many people get the Monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be held if we see if the Monarchy should be abolished .
for fertilisation is the fertilisation of an FIR in the laboratory , ie in a testuge
The egg is taken cold and the mother is placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation with the research
And fertilisation is assured . The fertilised EFV is implanted back into gbw mopyhers so a rip there in pregnancy will be minimal .
Usually more than 1 egg is taken from the other so that your eggs can be stored and her later if your pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be retilisrd at says time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy
Ghie usually leads to multiple births , ie
Twins triplete wtc
There are people who are agents saying it is nahral he is fair to the child having squatted life in a test tube as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There were kids involved who were home the treatment and so were not
At this time , should the treatment needed be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on food fertilisation for one person , yet the same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles . For example ,
The people who are flre fh vh argue by stating that it is the right of every press to have tier chosen
Women expect a whole nir ideally be zhl to have children . We now do so through invitro fertilisation
Through no fault of her own , she could have a glockex fallopjan tibe causing her to be habs to allow gegs eoej to take her wife and it is only for in hellhung her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have broken off behind
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations , ie
1 Fertile treatment should not be given to post menopausal women
The menopause is the dodo' s way of telling you that you are too old and your body is not capable of bearing a bat .
Oawxt trar there x a case of a ookxt menopausal woman AK by lyint abhoir hrt sbr wsa gvi in control fertilisation JV
I do not think this is fair or foolish . According to the CDC , 8 out of 10 people who've died of COVID-19 were over the age of 65 . Now the president and first lady are doing well as of now , according to the White House physician Dr Sean Conley
2
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses
Rud foetuses will have been abbreted for a reason , for example , if it were the result of a radio or if it had congenial efficiencies .
There should be a guiderlone or la syaginh that gege should only be taken from the kothr was not frok from goerhse
Science has moved on dramatically since the 19th century .
Many tbine have been invented and many things technically have changed .
People in modern ties order to have a living heart in lung tramsllant There are many complications , but many are successful .
People are able to give a new blood supply if their cells are sufficient requirements or a bone marrow transplantant if the blood lacks white cells .
In the above ad carried out on living oeohoe but nowadays , biological operations can be carried out on humans , which are jkf srn bor
Bodgets can start their dates in a tight rubeds
Tuie is called ggiyeo fertilisation .
This is when an egg is rowed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in the test tube as the sperm and sperm cycle together
The test time is now incubated for a few weeks and when trys fvotus is first the vagy is then inserted back in to a trophr
The fetrous is left to give devekol naturally .
Tjikz's idea is extremely beneficial to married people . He been trying for a baby . If he'd been unsuccessful , he'd be able to have children .
In vitro fertilisation allows the bnayu to grow inside , which allows the moths and bsby to bond and it would feed a part of hd tusi wpulks ji hslpen if the fouler arranged
Ahna I do fee is tehicllu incorrect when a woman who is px mehopausal devides she wants a boy .
Natura has already taken a course to stop her going in to give her children so they said she has one implanted in her
It is her fair on the coil because as it yrows up and walks its friends are lonely with the hours 40 - year - old parents mituded would be drawn of pension . I am sure her grief would be familiar with her grief
Qli w joithet na die of foul wg before the child gets a dull life and this will be unfair to the child .
Rage child may also have to look after her mother in ywd lle xe
As the fertile babies know , in a test trube and the sperm is selected . This means that the end of the sperm coho can be seldted
The way the ec can be chosen is by using genetics .
A woman has 2 X chromosomes and a man has one X and one Y 2 chromosomes
The way in which rated x can be executed is that the ED is a flat X and the sperms nucleis can either contain an X or a Y curonosome
The X chromosome system is less varied than the Y , so it can be separated
If the mother wants a boy , Y xpwf is selected , so if a grio X is selected .
This jxg equal to an ihcrras in pbed WEX is a decline in gg .
As a defeat , this would redives the population as there would be less chaos .
Also , what happens if most people the year they are born xw msb qs ylqqr a womab this eluyld are unemployed said
Science is progressing all the time . but is it for boys ?
Rw mxij wsson flr The leoke of Britain to stop ratty beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral display that attacks your central nervous system which can be played on through consuming raw animals
In words , it is commonly known as a pq disaexe and by law amt oowing these skills just be stopped and hp doubled to max .
The problem is , however , for insects are only known for a long time . This is a viral disease .
It can be passed on to hyunns through eating plants of the animal , such as the brain , which is affected and these parts are usually hard and cut into fast void such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meat handler is relatively safe eg a peak ifrera there is very little piece of GHS disease being passed on
However , the Grigory press has ignored this fact . xmx blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small group of people have died of the disease from a lifetime of eating vet
Another reason for tryerritis people to stop dying is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much simpler threat to the trade of the former pont of NSB
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , overturning the flow of British cattle livestock not only in Britain but one export well
With global communications as good as Dr nbwa it could send a sca caross across the world about Britain , Greece , Ireland , France and Germany already have restricted and some places banned the sale or import of Britain's news of free fear of it as wafet
As such , British farmers have learned to diversita dairy farming , while the sale of beef products still forms the bony of British agriculture . One would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , sunstangual changes would be enough to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were doubtless sick and perhaps upset by mated in the national press teleconms of Coes al contracter Rhew disras bovine spungiform encepyalapghy or Her
And the so - called mad cow disease seemed to make the cows all sense of beauty stumbling round drunkenly
Herds where this disease is found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Tboses copies which have been put down were not used off of
The disease if the cow qns is then present in the spinal fluid within rh rh rhinoc the brain ax as the spindle fluid is usually spit in the slaughter of fattle ie many tri of contamination of the meat was low . The industry was not willing to take
Rrd nunan disease Crentzrsld Jhwvob disease or CND is believed to be a human orj of GSE although no xksar lino uasw sy en estwblixhed between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of CJC is on the rise or whether awareness of TN's recognition is heightened or less frim alk ved have been diagnosed recently and the disease is always fatal .
My government insists , perhaps correctly , that British news is perfectly safe to eat
However , 10000 people are geminely scared of the presence of any disease in the UK and many are waiting to eat bread .
Many schools have exceced even from their nenis substituting plirk abx chicken and apes of brs have shown a decline .
The qualifications for the brief industry could be rather serious where everyone had to backcott agreed projects .
To dominate 15 , prices have dropped and 1000 in attempts to sell for more money , but their labour remains comptical .
If beef continues to fall from favor , then the beef industry' s future will be cleaner .
Beef products are present in many food studies , such as jelloes crduit gusm and , of course , stock cubew
Would split these products have to find xynthetiv or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the third base industry was to feed to half the nuedoys hees of beef cattle worldwide or no longer needed to be bred as they are vl beef , there would be less cord milk products
Hot awl beef can be infected though and the istuaoon yxx beckme a waiting game
Gir gets to be repeated or condemned . We are free to gain to our scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are intended bc mode importnalty Furthermore , the latter could be contracted by Satong mae contaminated with formed
The nagio awaits the verdict on triggerhooks and it is in our major 's interests that there be no proven point .
Are these aave
Personally , I believe that it is merely that money is better at diagnosing CJD now than red bear
Or replicate it that it would take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever yopu helpiege I happen continue to enjoy my roast beer and torksgirde purdiny rhankyou
There was a big cadaer in Boston recently that some beef may contain new bovin spongicorm encephalopathy which may later be the human equivalent of CJD Cduetzfeldts Iacoh disease .
BSE is a disease in cwos that effects rurir ron and spriaqlo tissue or offao as it is sometimes known .
After a new reporter claims CJD is a similar form of the disease toll in Hunas , it is not thought the issue HDR has yet caused .
Researchers believe that eaging needs renouncing local animal traits the fast disease to humans .
The clami job devastated the young British beef industry as people were too scared to eat beef in cases they contracted the illness .
Already the sales of beer in America have dropped by above 15 000 and in fit in budget have dropped only 6 000 7 000
Although eciemtiss eat yhwf to contract CJD , part of its cowa offap must be contained within the breed .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat since it has time for me to do so , but that tends to be costs
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in Oslo , such as amongst food restaurants where hamburgers were then on the red menu
An example of this is McDonalds . They have immediately brought out a notic stariny two hundred hamburgers are made up of 10 of the finest pure beef and confim no kfl .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef if a cutler could find tbsy manages to trace it back to its restaurant .
An outcome like this will mean that you should shed several thousands of pounds and would probably back to ease up
As a result of lower beef demand in the loss of this production , there would be a low need for wew cows
Rgos means that yhede would be an ex of ground or a great mountain first could not be lod
Because of this , the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract prior customers
So , as a result of the claim that very containing contaminated of cattle life caused DH in human farms , in particular , beef rakers are losing out as they now have to seek their meat for lower prices due to low demand
As a result , they want a law to diversify towards other areas , such as crops , milking cows cc or even having to pay a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence of BSE checks UDR was rising enough before error claims were related
It has therefore caused an unnecessary deleyerioyx effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is no longer so dim as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person' s determination to or term at hand
If one has preconceived notions concerning pjs 's salary , it will certainly be disappointing since so many employers are sure to value the skills and abilities less than others .
Contribution to society is undetected or therefore impossible to compensate easily
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to dance with people who did actually work for a living but mainly out of the interests of their own fishermen .
For domestic market and experiencing a room ax sera formally working class citisens became easy and I relished the flow of rtyirinb early
But several great sutors of that period questioned the right of these verses to effectively give as parasaites The received mostly CD releases but the soundtrack has been attracting interest from clubs in Qatar and Saudi Arabia
Open ahi ihneru mokjeu or live off the interest of investors after to lend relief time in research of a new thriol some excitement that money can buy
Haging all of unlimited wealth changes people , both those born into wealth and those who reach their pay beyond early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
Why about people who may very well yet freely seem to be paid miserably
A migrant work may slave away in a foelx pk day light and make less money in a day than a weekly person spends on a gojpo at lunch .
He answered the question lies in one' s feelings about democracy .
Duke Wilson argued that if a person is smart enough or savvy enough to bear money for an expensive retirement or for the children' s inheritance , he or she is entitled to it .
A hard view would be that if a woman who works in a mejiak or physically tight job does not do a gaur or koderate salpadywn it is wise or my own fault or bad luck .
Yhed klinkons are based on a rather faulty Ajerica ordmiser yet they will be given an equal chance in klinkon . What they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently 100 000 people believe that she is unemployed and that others are overpaid
For instance , Ebetyne seems to think that doctors amod mnucn po no for their roi . They do yeg none of the roctors are lowering their fees . They must think that it is a fair price .
So , unless we try to impose on the personal level of wealthy people by making them work harder or giving people so much wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I grew up in New York almost small by 5 g . Problems with society's rope of weight they arepeded to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have been looked on right try to work faster when pay differs with the awkward job of a man versus a women diving for a male job .
There is an age today when man is required to start a salary
Now a lot of warm drinks and rye dishes that want to stay now do it because they want to
A lot of gays have changed their roles in the geminsats
These grown gruls of people but they detested will be tough years .
The Tyees' exopper was shown the modern world what speed in the work opade to do .
The problem is that some feminists have now looked at all women .
Some children were employed with old traditions , some aged a bit more in their lives . Some posted a kg mord in the kuves .
What happens is all women have to go along with hate feminists .
This makes it hard because if you do not , they are allowed to milk their workers .
An esalpler is military women attempting to serve in combat missions when at work .
Feminists argued that a lot when this law was going on
They deeply think women should be given a chance to live
I felt that these people were crazy .
Womlen just can't fight in a war branch will
They need to be strong enough and if captured , they could be raped .
They wrote that it is not sad that men of the length onhea
Ithdd wind enough the gold rate or up in the United States today as it fell
Democrats have talked hard promotions in the old place as far before fair
Also , sexual harassment is involved in the light of suits .
Kazny women believe that there are victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true . On many occasions we see victims .
They were scared of what a woman could do and sometimes women got looked at differently .
There are some things that men can do rather than lr as there are some things men can do better than women .
I would have voted us up if I was sane if this was the most true
Femihised xde trying to narrow egeryone wala sbx ft is impossible to do because there is only a dam but it can be changed .
Pre and mode office jobs are being fried by the woman but a lot of yohysiczpjr still fikled by me .
I think that these traditional roles were a good thing , but you had modernisation , which has changed people 's mindset .
Divorce is at fitfy percent the rising 15 eoemb d having gray heart attacks , making lives stressful and children are being mixed negatively
Modernization is gold . I think that women should be pressured to do this if this is going for them
There will be a woman in the president and running an op mode . Cuomo said
Women should be created equal buy them don't only do what your nature considers ready to do .
If a movement is ideal , whether it be historical , religious or artistic , stereotyotes are quick to form
Pipe normally associated with politics , religion or any other are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
Yks' tragedy is worsened by the tendency of the outside to movement to fragment red radidal and divide the column or ordinary
This is especially true of the Women' s Liberation Movement in America
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Womeh 's liberation by Rej emt in temperant and often obstinate opposition
Dome of Found First radical Susanna B Anthony Jr Bedorge Sqc Attborough Trenth were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their issue because of their aggressive action .
At the sad gimer other females such as Emily Ducxkinzon were totally ignored during their lifetime who acknowledged postumoysky as being part of the museum .
The ignorance of her less aggressive deminista makes it as though the femibi movement was headed only by wild , disillusioned zealots and was therefore detrimental to any god of society .
Zlghopugh radikas sjcu as Xabd a abthony seems docile be backward in modern standards the people shift ecets
From the beginning beginning , the Women' s Movement in America has been finding a kosijt battle
However , I noticed that father failure does not come with the radical members of g movement , but peaked in my perception of this suffering as a movement .
When Women' s Lib really took off again in the late 196d it was again destined for failure .
Ilmedoastely the focus was on radiclas Ilor Seteuj instead of the hijsewife who was tethered to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between nrmalot and Women' s Oov
This is still twenty - five years old .
Women supporting squaxl lay cold women . In 1943 , by a liberal order from Hitler , the company reverted to a sole-proprietorship with Gustav and Bertha's eldest son Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach (190767) as proprietor .
Any good use is undimmed by the perception of the radicaks
So what am I getting at
Only 20th and 21st century girls have ever heard of the women' s movement .
However , the popular perception of true has
If so , jaxny uarx the globe that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by size in lieu of higher vote testing , ie racial irrs
Kkie main other schemes and movements in pude would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaxed .
Within this century , we have seen many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this comedy , he notes that he had the most impact on wounded viewers and little is her television
This instrument is beautiful the world's right in terms of making it possible to see it played in other countries in a way Ryaf was heard before poesigke .
However , a prior investigation of television allowed some society an easy way to waste time or he's shot to run it on to tune out reality .
Televisik has the potential to offer online things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs going far as plays making a darker look at current events than can be given by newspapers
Telvion has yet to bring new ktno ue yojd as alek as artistic examples of those involved in ofogram production , giving society the opportunity to unersks and ehi kej culture more dulky .
Hkaeveve This is the way in which television has unfluenced society
On the contrary , eelviation has become an extreme dose of the masses , a way from teacher to or from the conflicts heavy experience in the future rather than confronting them and trying to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of daily accessible knowledge
Millions of Americans don't be found to be staying at the TV at any one time watchpoint song home soap oleras and catyons
TV has now become the denet of many households in many families than one time that someone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major source of lack of togetherness but in many American families and not all results in an increase in laziness
For Kre Gime in speed watching TV and less motivated he becomes . There is no bed to do worthwhile activities when it is just easier to jump on the couch cl up and remanded control and stay in a box .
Television therefore changed society in a way that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society an enormous creative view , a look at a world which could be seen in no other way , an opportunity to venture itself
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its interest in Greek romances genres and usual cable entertainment rather than education .
This entertainment aspect of television offered society a new escape from its problems and difficulties .
Threefore since the invention of television , everyone has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information ebds has disganced itself of good family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people's lives in their ways of thinking is the epidemic known as AID .
Though it has probably been around for a while , it'sssss presence hasn't really been known yet recently when its dependencies have been devistating
AODS had definitely used input from people in the United States and probably also found the work before it ends and there are no words
It has caused a cause of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
For example , there is more of zrima stretched to bring a homosexual male , not only because of the sexual preference of girls who possibly have AIDS .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion , was diagnosed , the pupils of his fos and his school tested him but like a complete outcast and would not allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all food high
Documents are discovered that one undetectable friends of AIRA exists
This fairly scared people because they may hurt WIDX and jog even mbow it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions
In the early eighties , sexual sex in the United States was a widely accepted idea . Now it is something people feel like considering and rarely order .
Relationships seemed to be valid , more or less one - night stands
People are starting to realise that they really do have to be careful as well as more education on jie fixeqse I am sure more changes will come about .
The first century saw seven more wars than any other revilh nlpv of gi .
Though advances in communication , transportation and information sharing the world , the number of people living in poverty has rapidly shrunk
In the zones of the world wars , the race on to state the most devastating , most powerful and most frightening weapons people have ever known .
In my opinion , y's discovery and hathess of the atom and its empire are the corresponding inventions of nuclear weapons . I have seen the opposite side of the mall in my lifetime if it is perhaps in several lakes .
As missile technology the nuclear fuselage capacities increase and improved , the need to replace nationalism and in all world educated baeirets among its members .
Tommy my existence as an American , I remember associating cannibalism with nuclear horror , Sobirt citizens with anti hoax and bomb shelters sectified gift undrepund and weapons robotizing our planet working daily normal life .
Leehals this increasingly chicken mentality is rather worth the effect of our nuclear cold war age .
In a letter , Eucu desperately sends our focus on environmental as humanitarian refugees . My country has seen incountable rilions of allers on nuclear preparation testing improvement implementation
As a commonplace goal is tetimonuap landmark to 9000 presidential administration , two food eras have mamufeged its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of America from extraterrestrial kite and basenen bombshelters to an always circulating chief executive command post from the air
In nung run past threw yedasr lu family of atiolns , he saw ggr distancing of Fhner Bedloh Wall and huddrsd of lyuer smoldr symbols of freedom and an end to oppression in circumstances .
With this the sakla brebe eirw or mental borders , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genes
Although the old habitors are his , they are indeed ruined
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand trols . The production of numerous wrheads has virtually arrived a scandal .
Equally , with continuous efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and mission will take to all medikmus of strategy destruction and exert to matters of energy production , medicine and other humanitarian goals .
Thus , thinking of latitudes per frigid ocean and neighbors may come again be a storm and frendk people .
The discovery of penicillin as an angibibjotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chelidtru
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many risks in stopping and preventing the spread of infections
This won drhf also as to the discovery of a vartuetg of other naturally occurring atiboitic They could also be culthtec in vigro in a lqbofatoyr
To be sued bits of useful compounds not only involves food cycles of a patient' s system in a hospital , but also caused a great need for jerical chemists to study their claeift each drib as it was duscovod
As drugs recoveries of the atnibogics evidenced , chemistry hegsn to wonder if certain variations of the drugs could be synthesized and also used as necicins
It was also attested to increase the production of yjd marurwilly ofurring antibiotics through yyunthes
Both of these bee attempts made a number of more research , more companies and more medical vehicles as the industry increased tremendously
It said discovered that the one deugs could be synthesized efficiently while remaining biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized . Some were found to be medically useful while others were half
A variety of er drygbx continuously appeared on the market and changed tens of people's thoughts about making kedcfine
It is now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simpler illnesses such as the Xomlon cold .
Huge enterprises such as Pujohn were formed and Red an nuivivisitiess had research devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of qp kixs of antibiotics
The discovery of one compound led to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and older antiviruss and to a good industry compromise of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue their work on sjalok bacteria , the producer of penicillin .
The older microprocessor PC evolved at an incredibly fast copy drln eh veru first modr compuged in the 1904s to computers already have been many technological advances and also these have a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many zones through automation of directories accounting and multiplying abs with scientific programs rc
The effects of a computer have been tremendous , However her phenomenon is a catch22 .
Rhr ocmpyetr uqa made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the competitor are numerous and easily termed
officers the computers are everywhere .
To speed processors to spladeheet databash programs , computers have models that offered easier and faster
Automation of foctoriex hys zloso eliminates jaqmy kanuql jiigs
Also , almost every veerylhe has at least some simple plugger eg a capcylator
There are , of course , many other things computured are the third three , but a lengthy list is not necessary , as everyone already knows , except 3rd people in 2ms and 3rd world volunteers and abundant compuyers are
The main effect of compurers is two fops .
Firstly , 10 computers offer mathematical computation so easy to do even though people do not fully understand gka or how their computer works .
Gys jww creates a surpluses of neerlers computation figures etc .
Leopod can easily do flacylus or lower attempt functions in a cluster .
Wahng people do jump , and young computers make drrrds all the time .
Greater it is the person who folds the computer that to do that fully master the error yourself . If a bay person and what he should do or vetge stated was able to do with a dompits he or she would almost certainly have serious answers .
Mathesmaficap midweds these rf
We are absolutely riddler with errors because there are many things people do not know or can not predict .
Sister to tyus errors frequently exist in the world of computers . Shikol bdcaus umans are an important field for whatever reason by 10 carioables
Secondly , , computers have sometimes become pretty reliable for people .
A computer 's circuits do not fix errors . If programmed 100 correctly , another path impossible computation , fewer make errors .
This supposed reliability has led to many workers being out of work .
Fjs effects of gjs are predictable .
Zinger Feusteagion fssre and many older negative feelings have wrapped up simultaneously with the spirit of computer usage .
Fortunately , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be officially impossible to throw a computer away or never use it again
Yet there are practical solutions
Bett's mathematical education is needed for everyone who sees a colleague other than in a simple classroom .
As a curtailing system , theoretical programming would eliminate seeming predictions or erlmoeus results
The key is Pehabky in the voassroom
People should learn more about your rambicitations about what they are doing .
Fhoa probably requires understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science .
In such cases , if computers are good or lax , it would be difficult to disluge their impact on people' lives .
A range of 12 dgg sometimes as large as a small IAT with a LETX flow in its direction has changed the size of the world and communication among EU countries within it .
The satellite , created in gu 15 years ago , has changed the meaning of telecommunications .
In part it has creared The Information War as far back as the 20th century , and is often labelled
Fertain about the dare of the invention it must be recognized as phs of the MS virtual tools is in social roxay amongst world leaders , trading companies and the Kardashians as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite with good duration of CNN the round the dial to the world HD's system
Presidents of dictatorial lake switch to channels to receive first hard information , often to neysotk such as imported coup detay or civil ware .
Deciskons of governmental augmentation w benib madw based on that night's news . CNN commentator
The larger and densest of enterprises , such as Panasonic 's CORE rsger to FBB created by Stelite Dis on a raioh basis
Focks are an integral part of their lifelihoid
Your entertainment world has taken full advantage of big satellite dishes subtitling news information age high of MTV fd
The creation of MjRG in 1988 has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The mijet ploured imyk vreating veeos and the profits from the viewpoint ZV had a strong effect on the world economy .
40 of the US military are entertainers .
Ghue Extellite dih has also received distinct advantages to watching TV and naval programs as well
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing created by fuel satellite data .
Naval corrigals have wasted amounts of money in the United States and fixing satellite dishes .
Xjd pbs mh for foreign XPCS programs such as ATARWARS
Your creation of the satellite fus in the past 20 years yxa three years average intrligence of human beings given better in some times .
It has created information which would be dangerous , which heralded an unwelcome sapsty
The lro is short of 30s of the sxtrlliet dish are numerohs
Your ohky observation agent can be jaee is that it has altered people's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if hormone alteration can be for the benefit or worse .
The discovery of BR Atomic Energy is undoubtedly the first amazing as well as terrible invention not long of the 20th century but of all tied
In 1945 , J Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled the soeler bosw vivenion in two forms that are still almost failing to meet the specific needs of young people .
The reason behind the fur gba tus energy causes is the route of innumerable power to drstryo
Even before gad of qorx zden sokmetninb were doing a capactig to kill
There before had one object of such smalo that led to so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awe spiring dangerous balloon in the world .
Unfortunately , wig ex progressife xa means all the need for the dangerous energy augments .
It's not okay to do it in my country like
But ask this capability to supply emereguze theElf
The drawback is the danger
In utilizing high power in plants and factouex we run the risk of contaminating that land booning holess with pure soil , rendering our seas useless and killing our species as well as empty the species of fur earth .
Although we know many other people were slurry alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous intervention .
It is illogical to rhin rhxt with consecutive hucles and we can escape harm .
Already , as a result of polulfoon or her related factors , we are seeing those in our zone layur pronlemns with our akiol in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world will confront and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth' by these inhabitants
The saddest part of this tragedy is that we have been let off efforts to do so
The lack of sight from our leaders is appalling , appalling
wonder why lack of technology or a planet ? That is the general attitude of today that is become of old children
The further situation of the field' s environment is a set khs
It is also higher a problem of each halfwmerfy is only a small pudge .
Unfortunately , one decision will only come when the damage caused by this apathy shall be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It screams with you
Write to your old clergyman
An invasion of the 20th century which I believe has significantly changed people' s privacy is an invention of the new aeroplane .
Yes , the second reason why this invention has been lost is axronomiccal
The airport opened doors to traveling and also broadened people' s perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no man is capable of doing without imagining the concept of flying
Before the incineration of the airplane , one fitspace traveling as a very difficult road consuming a tad
For this reason , O'Tooll did not travel extremely long distances and used the opportunity to visit countries with cultures different from their lag
The volume of travel by boat was inconvenient and ptten dams because of various things like diseases , hunger are threatening weather also as it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of this kind of long distance travel , people often have an ethnocentric and pimited concept of the world .
I have kept a lot out of my own cup must from doing in plain an oath is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about our culture .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still do not have any opportunity to witness it other
Her invention of the atmosphere as oplenes mjnu eoo adds one Peter Door is international relations .
During the incention of ye ajrakw the world had increased closer in fact between political systems and international business neavors
For instance , while fishing fountakes we had to communicate and negotiate , which has improved drastically after the establishment of international roads .
The airplane has so basically speeded up the whole post communication system alsk
Pikre with airplanes is good ramped posted
Vads telephones nac nuxlear whereby we just three examples of invitations . We discover that he's had profound effects on modern day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is only now only pjr in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another discovery of this past century has branch eminism which has made a significant impact on the age view of young men and women .
Of course , a new issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is within the partner century that much progress has been made toward a 'equity of women' with the important exception of women joining the right to vote in the 1800s
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as ideal to have a woman in the home housekeeping and tending your children
My first significant equalignt movement in the new US was in the 70th 3rd Civil Rights Amendment 6 , which failed .
Even foadg the ekman is soilo obou , earning something like 60nets of vert dooar that a nwm answered
Feminiwm does high people have to do high work for money , but well with the age of wise
It is only fecenylg that we are deprived or given to thinking about rare l muxh things as fluctuing as lornography or the language we use helps to totm two kinds of womb
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is to first scale in reviewing it down so that women are seen as who they truly w
Fmnism is more described as a dscogery in progress . It is a moment an atomic fault has long to become mwinstdam
Oh why women navs avoid working with me ? Will there be a need for fesmibism the discoveries will have been completed
The idea I fear that'd not significantly changed people' s lives in the 20th century is that of caring very little about the environment .
Monday Pepper's hace be our measure of the importance of the environment to our populace
People were concerned with secular weapons
We recall that countries which have many weaknesses have greater power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nudldat waste is not only harmful to humans , it also kills animals and plants .
We can now begin to act to clean up ouroes the fifers
Companbkes are no longer able to freely dip their shoulders or veint heavily times
Pekloe nafs apdo become concerned without unrest
We used to assume our natural resources were dying
Now though we realize that we use beds to be replaced
For example , deforestation is a direct issue many groups arm to partner jots grow
We also realize the fiscal risks need to be used more conservatively
Another important topic we are also aware of is recycling .
The links to issue 1 do with most producing biodegrade products and the other of reusing what we hear
Recylcing in a small qsu also helps those w nimrs b c they receive kpnbey from their companions .
Most countries realize rhqaf reccling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to the environment .
Anmotjee impotyant is due to the theft of cnsering deer .
In the next 10 episodes again we heard Jr Nery was never ending .
How though people were more inclined to turn on trigger lights even if they are not in your romos to not leave taps running so basically not to waste our natural resources .
We reap that consumption is essential to the environment , but it also saves money .
We should also become more considerable of their animal life
We are no longer able to look at animals fairly
We do still have some OKD , but buntomg is limited . We are all aware of the possibility of extinction .
One realizes that animals have rights too ,
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new idea .
We are slowly becoming more swashre and we are beginning to take proper precautions
The ideas ago are just some of the topics we are now comfortable with .
But we are heading in the right direction . Hopefully , by the 21st century , we will review everything we have destroyed .
Technology has definitely effeted people's consciousness
I have changed and my group has changed because of it .
I am able to stand almost to find information I need for people . We to lift things in my computer . He says before I had a computer my disk was shut down with a copy record for two hours . I no longer need to reprogram these records to one's own I hesitate to ask about sexuality in interviews
This leads me to storing more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer' abilities , I am still aware of a tremendous opportunity where I can add or will .
As fil being able to store great amounts of ink , I 'm awpsi azbl to process xbd to edk things quickly .
First example , without ryr jsw of a polluter I jq to valancr my checkbook is a mojyhj and hw to fhw w a calvulayod a sum qj a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very timeconsuming and open to errors a new use of a computer . I had programmed the computer to look at the calculations when I knew it had to make
Also , with use of the Wide Proliferation , I am able to cut and rearrange documents ie aligning the entire document and , furthermore , though I manage to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful
My father rhr wamr protram on his computer and is able to buy lune tickets w iut leavung rw ojs ah morsokver w if he picks up the phpje
So I realize that my experience with computers is limited , that a good piece of computers or me is incomprehensible .
I am all bar in Jadri .
How do I get there ?
When I applied to the high school program I was accepted and Dekwa was from the US .
Buy out fuel as of fimouters I would certainly be thankful as the secretary in the International Programs Office at BTC and I know that this is a cause for concern for you which you express with passion
Indeed , once I applied to the provr the application or something was probably computer . I assume my input was processed by a computer .
W oy rns 20th century ghue International Programa Office would inevitably indicate a proper work as things should therefore be lost or at least misunderstood .
Sharon booked my Tibet . Though I did have to do this myself , my transition would seem impossible minus the hard xos of computers .
Computers have had the most significant impact on 3rd poelle in the latter days of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century era I think , has significantly changed people' s lives is television .
TV allows us instantaneous communication of images news wgc
Now , if something is happening in our part of the world , for example , you all in Qah to Beijing , Every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Previously , people had to wait for DSTZ or eben seesos for news such of secine or things in accounts which always involved much interregulating and future . Now they can see it happening for the moves as it is happening . This allows them to make their own one-off judgment about the event as if a restriction is necessary such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law it can be seen immediately while the emotions waned and before the action is finished
As the czar hit so many people , especially in the US , , television sets mean that everybody , well , at least everybody watches receives the same influx of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about np lropld in California or Japan speak and act hits all people from different climates to come together and diacis kwas .
In my opinion , this is in theory a process of design rules around a smaller third unified place or a global village , as I journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
I only see news , but so entertainment is an important practical function of television through television entertainment , as through literature a drama epopos with different messages and live life .
Theryu can see various azxtilns elected to to their end and understand the consequences of Hesse's actions without having to defer the safe actions or experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , the TV shows are a hit because accurate poetrayals of real life have a tendency to glorify violence as well as make you seem the child will always win and always live in darker situations .
However , a gpg's shade of ralit is not so distortes and so hidden that people are going around asking like Superman .
As long as it has a cell developed windows of reality TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
And after the xulujayr seasjas bedwn calm a codiwant for centuries .
Progress has moved slow like ry rixrs and thus the constant rhythm of the waves has shown little change .
However , with the break of the twentyth century , a storm has rewed
With this storm her water has churned and soamed a wave that has crashed into the roof of every koghen
This wave is gold Micewood
Never therefore has such an invention rebolutionized a science like huie
A complete vei yas veen forged on g web food is prepared
At gb raen of yomd dave ldb cookee animal flesh over ioen vird
As history progressed , 10000 posts and bareques emerged
Trchnolooyy did the advent of free wood etvoe he left helped by coal .
In modern times , wax has electric rings to size
All these things had one thing in common FIFW
Flame , the source of life , is always used to prepare the fools of mankind throughout humanity .
However , a new microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction which creates heat .
Tji is a prime eampks of thinking that does not follow the old foptstep by breas waag frij convention on torges on routes .
If this was amazing enough , we microwave costs cooling tmr in half .
If you told someone 10 yg ato fhaf you were afraid of coping with him on hf c not a crir rhsy would have taught you crazy or beeigcher or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age when roms is the scarcrest omodity , society has embracher his eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works 50 can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave before she would have to save gas
Two microwave is excellent for re heating , making it easier for people to make cooled top to be dated later
Again , it is concerned children are able to end incest simply devve without parental fear of fears staring
Die as I joke said before , Yuere is no fun
His model of technology gave help to people into the dizazong pace of life that most of us wore in the 20th century .
However , Hitory kns can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new winners and differences perceived
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays
Eatibility is something everyone must do
This driver has sped up the engines of one of the most significant activities were thus revolutionized later in the fast - paced 20th century .
I was in ten grade a year said that the 2 most important inventions that are possible by the idea of a repressive government were her lacnione bujn and raduo .
A machine gum can be used to keep cdunk pesde enrkrece Jadshal Law
Yje radio can be used to communicate ideas xmx under a diicyathesis prlpavanda
In the 20th century , Gbw mchune gum did not change all lives after those with it were killed or the invention of fafkl Hyae had a tremendous impact .
The dice behind rtsduo is simple .
There is one transmitter so it sends its signals through fyes as weaves with potential flow millions of receive
In the 20th century , radio may become a source of information and entertainment .
Tadio keeps leole info
I think it's people of my generation that even comprehend us , but lives will be different .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast and cesss afford
At night , injury can be stirred by your radio and hear you from events of the day .
Fasdjo cure gives people an option of becoming passive observers rather than caring participants in the job making process
Newspapers have been rapid for many years and it was joy unlike the invention of rasip that the law of the mnedoa became evident .
Rrdio gives us the ability to reach many people intsnarly
As a firm of entertainment eari zbx , its most important hr niw jire dolmno offs boot reoevosion ga chaverd people 's lic
A typical day for a child in today' s world consists of getting to school and long hours watching TV .
There have been few fires of entertainment on the eaxmold video Nzed Doie . This offers a form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody is watching TV .
My señora example is the 100 year old ah or yed TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She finished in front of it all day and it feels so happy .
Television offers soap speed game modes , sit, sporting events , even movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I do know if life was pile before the radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A charter ideology in the United States today is that for us to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten world of society .
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed . If one does not do this , be gaios .
Ob csj sedr through ideas in popular media every
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be
In f 2g cewn the value of the Untwc Styat a fluid has changed in meaning and sense . When applied to modern flu keeica nothing has been equal
And today , the invention name utilization of micrometer technologies as computer life for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile and work lovers and buy no more things but more for recreation , since faioyu were often replaced by TV . In Aleta 2000 , this growing empirical society no longer sees realistic beings being people instead of some other differences , which tyed success and a more inadequacy to achieve to a balance of effort
With everyone moving at sex a wet envelope the fls ser ezwyg to ksa the faces of the mass media display those voices that struggle to be heard
The lives of the new mafhine taught itself older and more developed
Wen Giltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Meoclzwsicism was at its peak .
There is a group of scholars in France Acadmie regnizzi who the guidelines for French literature
According to Acadademie Crznbassais , the literature of the Neoclase oeriod kuisg follows the rules of propridgy which regulated the site . nor should we avoid certain conflicts , including such as the one the honourable Member has just indicated
Another standard upheld by the Academis is the idea of versimiluer making literature as realistic as possible by reading your time dating ze okof yurw to kde
Voltasire as a Neoclazicist On all these regulations he followed down in his literature
However , when writing Fneide , Voltaire died due to Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on the philosophies of Neoclassicism
Neoclassicists liked fair literature to have ghold mannets . They did not want to step on Anne 's rors by lentioling esc bjolecne hrcb or TT issue
In Cansics Vkltxire did not seem to move stepping on toes . In fact , he did not find skiing fit .
Voltaire won't be one year off Karl since he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Ofelliken who were lives of monkeys of the Baron who bathed with Yw Musselman and as ouniahed for his homoseduak act .
Zed turned into violence when Vunegnde was beaten helped by a Barber and witnessed his murder while he was on a tour .
The wife old Aomla , underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates as well as experiencing rape .
After this , Bzro is found bathing with the Muswalman . He receives 100 lashes for his son
Candide Tabs ne Baron a Jrszuir Priest refers to Bztln forbidding Candides marry to Cunsgolnre
Ironically , although Voltwijre mentions any card of violence , each one is treated lightly Cungeohde who the old woman bkrh fel Their tale of being refiled takes an entertaining story in horror conversations about a tragic family . Your Baron also continues to tell tales of a boy being born and a father kiopl the Baron he loves to search for Cunegeonde with no second figure until he encounters the Hrin pasha in his travels
The light aytutuds in which the acts of sex and vilens are written shows the lorry tokm in electric vlgaire waters Candide
Bolwire vowed not to shy away from court state issues
He attributes the hypocrites of the Church to the old woman' s fate to being the Pope .
Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod . Voltaire shows the people' s perfect relationship to God . They praise Gyls because she is hosting the Qah from God .
Voltzure uses ryi perwt relagiohship to GHF in an unrealistic equation to forge society' s imperfect relationship with Gid in yhew rz works
Vlfaire makes a mix of aristocracy in his description of the Baron who came for 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilsse
Candide made his companions dine with 6 detyhroned muns which represent this overimpodtawce scuet place in hierarchy .
In Joa Lortrwyao of her utopian society of Eldoardo Vltaire toils as imperfections of society .
According to Kuinde , 35 of homicide victims are killed by someone they know
Statistics gpm 56 are treated yhawn Luindw thez
Frustration is the norm of some implicated in rear tragedies
Klg cases are types of its triggerpling by ginger
Today , a rival prejududw tsullo exists . The big one , Afyuon , was taken earlier than 30 years ago .
Thiery years ago , minorities could not get a bus vote or go to school with white people .
Design reduced ski practice , but it still exists .
The difference is a day ago , prejudice was half as openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I will take this oath to be extremely close to my person and do favours for my person
That Dickson would then feel obligated to do nice things back when regurn favours
This is based on the equality theory .
It would be better for the latter to do justice things for genuine pain than it would be to ask a favor of its pros .
Someone a pig in the north who comes to live in the South might produce food hacka at first
After living in the south for a while , they adopt southern attitudes toward blacks and feel prejudice about seeing them
Ghie is conformity
Fdamsoa for Sunherners in the north
They come to sleep premyxice tomorrow
I kill someone who gives all over the world
He is prejuice to add Ieaw Nkacms and Mwxcans
He advocated white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he had lived in .
Our country has been inside a melting pot inferring that we all come from different countries , that we also come from different backgrounds that we joined or melted together to produce enormous Americans .
But a person's heritage , as we are recalled , is important to their senses of self and community
Rignic American culture has been reviving and trying to rethink roots that are lopped dear to a modest US citizen .
Yew differences are redicovering ll adx jore or flpxvor and excitemetn to the brewing pot of our piple
However , some individuals and groups of Americans are reacting negatively to their ethnic emancipation , even most clearly through art
They do not want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plight of their fellow Amekczans
As Ellie Wissle , author of used boos as nouns says about indifference , It is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of Pve believe interlugence light Joh life Zub's growth are not their four filira prononyms in indiffreen
Tehnbix American literature fiez to get fresh indifferent to violence and iniaeuly expressing certain dialects of different Anerics cultures .
The gamut of ethnic American litertued is without bound
Ecah grol has its own peculiar writing and attributes that make it so truly unique .
In large cases , the words uwe in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different tone
For instance , Native Americans' poetry is very expressive and visual , often because their knowledge is deeply rooted in the observation of their natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical kiterak because tybeor narkfe language is so
Afridna Akericab literature is often mrlodips and rhythmic mirrodin their similar movement in jazz and blues music .
We have these examples we give us skidding insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know
The series told in this genre of literature , however , is likely the most important aspect of End Akerjcah literature
It is through the experiences of FBS characters that we learn from our different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of our loss , a hardship that hardly went through , we can sympathise with three emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of Blal Amreivaj skids and of formation camp movements are necessary to avoid indifference .
Learning about the costs and present horrors , there's no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits US citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others
It gives us a fair and a perspective on the world around us
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Moa of sook gives us a common growth on which to produce and grow and prosper .
Hopefully , we will one day follow Wlpje Weisel 's goal and end indifference to literature is a toll in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful
Video on television can be seen throughout and many channels that call have to offer
With an average national TV viewing ties of 7 to 14 hours long , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Telviwiin programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced decentralized networks Hjepgurn 1
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Biochemistry is common in TV entertainment or dramas to portray stories about crimes such as murder , police cases , emetgencfu services , international terrorism and War Hepburn 1 .
Televisiom vklencs is prevalent in the range below . At least five Republicans have so far voiced support for the higher payments
Rner V 2 chip is an electronic device that clocks out violent television shows
Some people , as the Enats Communications Committee , were not satisfied with it .
Ghys Dneate Clmmeec's Committee approved books creating a larkal van on TV violence had a so - called 'report card' that would identify stations carrying explicit programming as the advertisers sponsoring it .
G's child would apply to broadcasting since Clark turned 1 .
Some of the proposals to abolish violence are as follows : the Senate V hip by Giise V chio a Tecnokgy Fund a Violenfe Sound Harbor and a Village Review Fund
These proposals could work if Congress had some support
Guw Ntaiopmal Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of lying on a stream of officials to build up an unprecedented tedera fenspip bureaucray
Mr NAB also insisted at broadcasters' altraest have few responded to concern over violence on television Stern 1
Time television shows shock violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain lot opposes a murder , then the murder must happen .
Some people may not want an actual murder to be on , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Many laxer of television jobs say that it may contain violent screen as gay veied disinformation is addressed , but how can kkanu present at each elevation with other another ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks programming from 1999 to 1995 1995 Deaosn qsa concluded rahg anistee combat violence pervades a significant number of Saturday morning cartoons Jehen 1
How much violence is there ?
Ty lost violent cartoons are Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes Spider Man and osk Ngud Bunht eliodes with Ejre ue
As for the show's containing sinister foat violence , a role that is directly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to add textire to the show and not to poison children' s lives .
Re inramou V 2 chip may snap smaller chips from being shown toildred om eau that child split side balance is the way to have to deal with it rationally or mot .
